MANILA, Dec 10 (Reuters) - State-run China Telecom Corp could become the Philippines' third telecoms player, officials of the Southeast Asian nation said on Sunday, as the government looks to stir up competition in an effort to boost notoriously poor servcies.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte last month offered China the “privilege” of challenging a longstanding duopoly that has frustrated consumers because of slow and intermittent internet and mobile phone services.
“The Chinese government selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines upon invitation by President Duterte during the bilateral meeting last Nov. 16,” Eliseo Rio, secretary of the Department of Information and Communications Technology, told Reuters.
Chinese companies could not operate alone in the Philippines and would need to partner with a local company.
The government is now looking at who will partner with China Telecom on a 60-40 basis, Rio said.
The Philippine constitution's 40 percent cap on foreign ownership of domestic telecoms companies has kept interest from multinationals at bay in the market of more than 100 million people.
Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said the state-owned Chinese company should partner with a reputable Philippines company with an existing telecoms franchise.
“The government is fast-tracking this because consumers are getting annoyed with dropped calls and slow internet connections,” Andanar said in a radio interview on Sunday.
Also seeking to be a major player is Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corp, which had said it was talking with China Telecom and Datang Telecom about strategic partnerships to challenge the nation's dominant duo of PLDT Inc and Globe Telecom Inc.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philips Lighting Nv:
* FY NET INCOME EUR 281 MILLION VERSUS EUR 300 MILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* FY REVENUE EUR 6.97 BILLION VERSUS EUR 6.97 BILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* FY ADJUSTED EBITA EUR ‍​699 MILLION VERSUS EUR 690 MILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* PROPOSE TO PAY CASH DIVIDEND OF EUR 1.25 PER SHARE IN 2018
* REUTERS POLL: FY SALES EUR 6.97 BILLION, ADJUSTED EBITA EUR 690 MILLION, NET PROFIT EUR 300 MILLION,
* FY FREE CASH FLOW EUR 403 MILLION VERSUS EUR 418 MILLION YEAR AGO
* DIVIDEND REPRESENTING INCREASE OF 14% AND PAY-OUT RATIO OF 45%
* IN 2018, WE AIM TO IMPROVE OUR ADJUSTED EBITA MARGIN TO 10.0-10.5%, IN LINE WITH OUR MEDIUM-TERM OUTLOOK
* IN 2018, FREE CASH FLOW EXPECTED TO BE SOMEWHAT LOWER THAN LEVEL IN 2017
* EXPECTS TO BENEFIT FROM HIGHER SAVINGS AS OF H2 OF 2018.
* INTENDS TO REPURCHASE SHARES FOR AN AMOUNT OF UP TO EUR 150 MILLION IN 2018
* AIMS TO DELIVER POSITIVE COMPARABLE SALES GROWTH FOR FY 2018 WITH A SOFT START IN Q1
* EXPECTS THE IMPACT OF THE CHANGES ON ITS EFFECTIVE TAX RATE TO BE RELATIVELY NEUTRAL.‍​
* ANTICIPATES THE EFFECTIVE TAX RATE TO BE IN THE HIGH TWENTIES IN 2018, EXCLUDING THE IMPACT OF NON-RECURRING ITEMS‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MEDIA 6 SA:
* PROPOSAL FOR DIVIDEND OF 0.22 EURO PER SHARE
* DIVIDEND PROPOSAL AT NEXT GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING ON MARCH 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CLAIM
A Greenpeace activist had their arm bitten off when they tried to hug a shark.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
On 1 February 2018, the dubious web site World News Daily Report published a fake news article about a Greenpeace activist who had their arm bitten off by a shark after they tried to give it a hug:
An environmental activist was almost killed Yesterday in the Indian Ocean, after the great white shark they were trying to hug suddenly attacked them and bit their arm off. 21-year old Darrell Waterford, from Eugene in Oregon, was participating in a promotional video for Greenpeace, some 100 nautical miles away from the Australian city of Perth.
This is not a genuine news article.
World News Daily Report has a well-known history of publishing misinformation. The site carries a disclaimer labeling all of its content as “satirical” in nature:
World News Daily Report assumes all responsibility for the satirical nature of its articles and for the fictional nature of their content. All characters appearing in the articles in this website – even those based on real people – are entirely fictional and any resemblance between them and any person, living, dead or undead, is purely a miracle.
The featured image for this fake story actually shows Kaleb Langdale, who was attacked by an alligator in Florida in 2012.
NOW you've really done it, Thredbo. You've upset the tobogganers.
On Wednesday, the alpine village and ski resort in the Snowy Mountains, 2.5 hours outside Canberra, announced that the age-old, cheap-as-dirt, family-friendly activity was BANNED.
To ram home the point, Thredbo put a tobogganer inside a red circle with a diagonal line through them
Death craft coming through.
"To maximise safety for guests, employees, and resort property, Thredbo prohibits the use of toboggans and other mischellanous snow sliding equipment that is associated with 'Snow Play' within our leasehold area," Thredbo's website declared.
"We acknowledge that tobogganing is a favourite winter pastime, however it also has inherent risk as there is limited ability to control the equipment being used. The safety of our guests is our number one concern."
Message received, but not well received. This is a sprinkling of the some of the hysteria on social media.
"Nanny state."
"WTF. Tobogganing is dangerous."
"Aren't illicit drugs in the village a bigger issue?"
All good points. Families who don't want to fork out for a lift pass or ski lessons or a snowboard are up in arms. Some have gone so far as to call it a cash grab.
"Thredbo and Perisher have banned tobogganing for the ski season," Lisa Benham wrote on Facebook.
"Guess we won't be taking our little ones to the snow this year. Apparently it's dangerous … Really?? More than skiing? Oh wait, you don't need a lift pass to do it."
They ended their post with a pair of hashtags, #moneyhungry and #dollarsnotsense.
A young girl having ‘dangerous' fun. Picture: Alex Coppel.
ABC News correspondent Siobhan Heanue wrote on Twitter: "Next they'll ban snow fights. So many families take the drive up to the resorts and muck around in the snow because they can't afford to ski. Fun police and class police at work here."
But others say it's about time.
"Thredbo just does not have the room for the snow play," Anthony McRae wrote.
"I witnessed too many people taking their toboggans up the bottom of the run. This is a nightmare for skiers coming down that run. I say good on Thredbo."
Craig Cleal was on board with the idea, too.
"Great, the things are out of control accidents waiting to happen."
The policy comes a little over a week out from the winter 2018 opening weekend at Thredbo, starting June 9.
FRESH FIRST: Coffs Fish Co-op product will be sold in an online auction from right off the back deck.
FRESH FIRST: Coffs Fish Co-op product will be sold in an online auction from right off the back deck. Contributed
COFFS Harbour Fishermen's Co-Operative will participate in Australia's first online fish auction on June 15.
Funded by the successful Farming Together program the auction will be overseen by technology firm FreshBids and cuts out several layers of handling to see fish going direct from boat to market.
The Coffs Co-op is launching the new model as a pilot with a wider roll-out among other fishing co-ops in late June.
Co-op general manager Andrew Mitchell said the customer will also know exactly where, when, and how their fish was caught.
"What they see on the label will mean exactly what type of fish they are getting,” they said.
"It will be guaranteed Australian fish, caught by Australians, and it means far-fewer food miles.”
The award-winning co-op, established in the mid-1940's, is owned by 45 local fishers and has around 45 employees.
Last financial year the enterprise handled about 564 tonnes of fish and crustaceans.
About 70 per cent was sold through the Sydney Fish Market with the remainder sold locally through the co-op store or local retailers.
The new technology will give professional fishermen greater control of the supply chain and customers greater confidence in their food provenance.
"Fish is a perishable product that needs streamlined distribution and modern consumers expect the best of systems to ensure quality and freshness.
"We can reduce food miles and the distribution time between catch and consumption.
"This smart technology is being used globally and allows buyers to purchase directly which reduces haulage, on-selling, time-lag and associated costs such as refrigeration and fuel.”
Republican Rep. Diane Black of Tennessee recently cited pornography, along with the deterioration of the family and violent movies, as a contributing factor to gun violence in schools.
Black made the remarks during a listening session with local pastors last week, according to audio obtained by HuffPost and posted Tuesday.
“Why do we see kids being so violent? What's out there? What makes them do that?” Black said. “Because, as a nurse, I go back to root cause. And I think it's a couple things,” Black said, listing off deterioration of the family and violent movies, before mentioning pornography.
“Pornography. It's available. It's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store. Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there,” Black says in the audio. “All of this is available without parental guidance.”
They add, “And I think that's a big part of the root cause, that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places.”
In the audio, Black does not detail what it is about pornography that they believe contributes to school shootings.
“I think the context is pretty clear,” Black's campaign spokesperson Chris Hartline told CNN Tuesday. “Diane believes the breakdown of families and communities plays a significant role in instances of school violence.”
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts criticized Black's comments, writing on Twitter that “despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, (Black) chooses to blame ‘grocery store pornography' for school shootings. And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns.”
As expected, the Eagles are following their appearances at the Classic East/West festivals with tour dates, four of which were announced Monday (with more likely to follow). “An Evening With the Eagles” will kick off Oct. 17 in Greensboro, North Carolina, then move on to Atlanta (Oct. 20); Louisville, Kentucky (Oct. 24); and Detroit (Oct. 27). Tickets will go on sale to the general public at 10 a.m. Saturday through LiveNation.com.
The reconfigured group – billed officially as “Don Henley, Joe Walsh & Timothy B. Schmit, with Vince Gill and Deacon Frey” – is taking a measured approach to regaining altitude after the death of co-founder Glenn Frey, Deacon's father, in January of last year, both in terms of timing and filling Frey's enormous role.
Variety wrote of the first concert: “If this was a test run for whether a post-Glenn Frey version of the Eagles could pass muster, it augured well on that front, thanks to some smart choices about fill-ins for the late co-frontman. The most obvious live ringer was Frey's 24-year-old son, Deacon,…looking and sounding spookily like the family patriarch in their most heartthrob-ish post-Troubadour days — and also put on some of the rowdier, earlier songs their father sang….Country great Gill provided as assured a recreation of Frey's slick soulfulness on ‘Tequila Sunrise,' ‘Lyin' Eyes' and ‘New Kid in Town' as anyone could.”
American Express Card Members will have the exclusive opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public beginning 10 a.m. Tuesday through 10 p.m. Friday. A limited number of VIP ticket packages will be also be available, including premium tickets, preshow VIP lounge, exclusive merchandise and more.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
A young girl died two days after hospital staff failed to notice they were suffering from sepsis, an inquest heard today (wed).
Goda Janulevicuite, six, was taken to hospital after suffering from a high fever, back pain, a bad rash and abdominal tenderness.
They were diagnosed with chicken pox and given paracetamol by doctors who sent them home.
But when their condition deteriorated just hours later, their parents took them back to the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.
They died on the way to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London where medics tried to transfer them to for emergency care.
The inquest into their death heard how a serious case review found that the hospital had failed to detect the complications which later lead to sepsis.
The report also found that Goda's sepsis symptoms were not spotted by the hospital when they were admitted and they were treated for chicken pox.
A coroner at Bedfordshire Coroners' Court in Ampthill, heard today (weds) how a GP visited Goda at their home in Luton, on April 4, 2016, after receiving a call from their father to say that they were unwell and unable to walk to the surgery.
Dr Tahir Mehmood, said: “Her father phoned me and said that they were unwell and has chicken pox for the last three days and asked me to come and see them at home.
“She was unable to walk to the surgery and they had no history of trauma so I thought that I should go and see them
Dr Mehmood told the inquest that during their visit, they found that Goda's parents had painted them with a Lithuanian green antiseptic lotion to treat a rash.
They added: “She was striking green. It was unusual for me and I had never seen something like that before and they were painted from head to toe.
“The paint was used as an antiseptic lotion, their father told me.
“I could not read what it was for because the bottle was in Lithuanian.”
During their examination at their home, they said that they were concerned that they had back pain but there were no signs of more serious illnesses than chicken pox.
Dr Mehmood concluded that despite Goda being unwell, there were no signs at that stage of serious illness.
However, the youngster's condition worsened and their parents made the decision to take them to hospital.
They died two days later on April 6, 2016.
Dr Mehmood described their shock at hearing of Goda's death.
They said: “I was shocked to hear that died because when I saw them they were a child that was cheerful, happy and although they had a temperature of 37.5 degrees, they were quite well.
The inquest, which is listed for five days, continues.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wojciech Szczesny might have been frozen out of Arsenal but do you think they care – judging by this scene of them on the Italian Riviera coastline with their stunning wife Marino Luczenko.
Despite all the uncertainty surrounding their future, Szczesny showed they are not being affected as they took their gorgeous partner away for a romantic break in Portofino.
The Polish keeper showed their romantic side as they shared a kiss by the port and went for a trip out on a boat to sample the local surroundings.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Szczesny is surplus to requirements at the north London club and has spent the last two seasons on loan at Roma.
With uncertainty surrounding the future of manager Arsene Wenger, it remains unclear if Szczesny will ever play for Arsenal again.
Reports have suggested that the 26-year-old has their heart set on staying with the Serie A club following their impressive displays.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The head of the Polish FA and former Juventus forward Zbigniew Boniel recently claimed that Wenger would have to stand down for the keeper to consider a return to the north London club.
Boniel, speaking on Centro Suono Sport Radio, said: “I had dinner with Szczesny and they told me that they would like to stay at Rome.
“If Wenger stays, I don't think they will go back to London, while their contract expires in 2019 anyway.
“I can therefore see two possibilities. Either Arsenal recall him, or they name their price.”
Whatever happens Szczesny is refusing to let the football affect their personal life and took to their Instagram account to share a picture of their quick getaway.
They said: '#Portofino with @marina_official & the rest of our family. Hope you too had a good easter.'
Venue TBA, but I heard that there's an Easter egg on the band's Spotify page hinting where the venue would be. The Social House, Makati maybe?
Tickets will go on sale on February 5, Monday! So keep your eyes peeled!
"Ok, Google, sync my devices."
Thanks to products like Philips Hue light bulbs, WeMo smart switches, and more, our homes are now smarter than ever before. However, as awesome as these things are when they work, they can often be a pain in the butt to pair new gadgets, move them to another room, etc.
Thankfully, it looks like there's now a command for Google Assistant that makes these tasks a whole lot easier.
When talking to the Google Assistant on your phone, Google Home, etc., saying "Ok, Google, sync my devices" will automatically search for any smart gadgets and sync them up to your Google account. In addition to this, you can also get a tad more specific by saying something such as "Ok, Google, sync my lights" if you only want to sync up your smart light bulbs.
This functionality is available for Google Assistant now, and while it's not revolutionary or ground-breaking, it should make your life with smart gadgets a whole lot easier.
Google Pixel Buds UK review: A second opinion
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp posted rare quarterly earnings misses on Friday as cost cuts and rising oil prices failed to offset weakness in international refining operations, sending shares down in morning trading.
Exxon's stock dropped 5 percent as weaker than expected results from the world's largest publicly-traded oil producer contrasted with improvements at European rivals. Chevron's shares fell about 4 percent. Both companies are part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which was down 1 percent.
Even though oil prices jumped 25 percent in 2017 over the prior year, boosting the pair's U.S. production operations, international refining and chemical profits struggled in the fourth quarter, fueling concerns that a weak spot could be emerging in the industry.
“It was a pair of disappointing results from both companies,” said Brian Youngberg, an oil industry analyst at Edward Jones. “Is refining something to be concerned about as we move through 2018? Will that be an offset to those higher oil prices?”
Both companies recorded gains from recent U.S. tax reform. Non-cash gains were $5.94 billion at Exxon and $2 billion at Chevron.
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items, Exxon earned 88 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.04 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The earnings miss fueled more bad news for Exxon, coming as rival Royal Dutch Shell, the world's second-largest oil company, overtook Exxon's annual cash generation for the first time, producing about 6 percent more cash last year than Exxon's $33.2 billion in 2017.
Exxon's production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, with the only output gains in the company's portfolio coming from the United States.
At Chevron, production rose, but excluding the tax change and other one-time items, the company earned 72 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.22 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
France's Total SA and the United Kingdom's BP Plc plan to post quarterly results later this month. BP has vowed to not change its spending plans because of rising global oil prices and only to approve projects that can make money with prices below $40 a barrel.
Transactions on the floor of the Nigerian Stock Exchange, NSE, opened the week on Monday, December 11, on a bearish note.
Consequently, the All Share Index depreciated by 0.89 per cent or 343.54 points o close at 38,913.99 compared to 39,257.53 achieved on Friday.
Meanwhile, the market capitalisation which opened at N13.672 trillion, lost N120 billion to close at N13.913 trillion.
Price movement chart showed that Dangote Cement led the laggards' chart dropping N4.10 to close at N240.90 per share. Nigerian Breweries followed with a loss of N2 to close at N143, while Unilever was down by N1.11 to close at N40.50 per share. Stanbic IBTC lost N1 to close at N42, while Presco 89k to close at N68.41 per share.
On the flip side, Nestle led the gainers' table, adding N49.92 to close at N1,460 per share. Mobil Oil followed with a gain of N15.14 to close at N174.96, while Total appreciated by N1.99 to close at N230 per share.
National Salt Company Nigeria gained 89k to close at N18.74, while Dangote Sugar increased by 66k to close at N20.69 per share.
FBN Holdings was the most active, trading 61.27 million shares worth N553.14 million. Zenith International Bank followed with an account of 35.32 million shares valued at N928.74 million, while Diamond Bank exchanged 34.08 million shares worth N 47.58 million.
Transcorp accounted for 30.33 million shares worth N43.51 million and Access Bank traded 29.66 million shares valued at N344.52 million.
At the end of trading, the volume of shares closed lower as investors bought and sold 350.59 million shares worth N4.91 billion exchanged in 4,884 deals. In contrast with the 530.08 million shares valued at N5.12 billion traded.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A prototype for the redesigned, fifth-generation Audi A6 has been spotted again. The car has been developed alongside the new generations of the A7 and A8, two models with which it shares much in common.
Common to all three is the latest evolution of Audi's MLB platform for front- and all-wheel-drive vehicles with longitudinally-mounted engines. It promises some weight savings as well as new plug-in hybrid options. The current A6, despite featuring aluminum in its construction, still weighs over 4,000 pounds in some guises.
Also common is the styling, which was previewed with Audi's Prologue concept unveiled at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show. The wide, imposing grille and strong creases are lifted straight from the concept, as are the geometrically-shaped headlights.
The base engine should be a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering 252 horsepower. Above this will likely be a 3.0-liter turbocharged V-6 and mild hybrid system that's already been announced for the new A7. The setup is good for 340 hp.
And as mentioned earlier, we should also see a plug-in hybrid option. The latter will feature Audi's “e-tron” badge. Note, the current A6 has a plug-in hybrid option, though only in China. It combines an inline-4 with an electric motor integrated with the transmission and delivers a peak 245 hp.
The good news is that we can also expect new versions of the performance-oriented S6 and RS 6. The RS 6 should stick with a 4.0-liter twin-turbocharged V-8 possibly matching the 605 hp of the current RS 6 Avant Performance. It's not clear at this point if the RS 6 will be offered as a sedan, or if it will make it to the United States this time around. As for the S6, we should see it downsize to a turbocharged V-6, most likely the 2.9-liter mill found in the latest RS 5.
2019 Audi A6 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Body styles for the A6 will once again include the standard sedan you see here as well as a long-wheelbase variant for China. On top of this, there will also be the Avant and Allroad wagons.
We're also expecting the latest in self-driving technology. Audi is introducing Level 3 self-driving capability for its upcoming cars. This enables the cars to handle some situations without the driver having to monitor them, which isn't the case for current self-driving technology. For example, the new A8 is able to handle some parking situations as well as driving in traffic at speeds of up to 37 mph completely on its own.
Look for the new A6 to arrive next year, as a 2019 model. It's not going to have an easy time on the market. The BMW 5-Series and Mercedes-Benz E-Class have just been redesigned and there are also some impressive newcomers in this segment, too, such as the Cadillac CT6, Lincoln Continental and Volvo S90.
EAA AVIATION CENTER, OSHKOSH, Wisconsin — A new how-to video from the Experimental Aircraft Association gives certificated aircraft owners a better understanding of preventive maintenance and ways to save money by personally completing some of the tasks.
“Aircraft Ownership: Understanding Owner Preventive Maintenance” is a multi-part video series combined on one DVD that shows certificated aircraft owners how to legally maintain an aircraft in accordance with FAA preventive maintenance regulations.
“There are many tasks that a certificated aircraft owner can do that are completely legal under FAA regulations and will save money,” said Charlie Becker, EAA's director of chapters, communities and homebuilt community manager. “This DVD will help those aircraft owners plan maintenance and have confidence in what they can do themselves and when to go to the next level.”
More than four hours of video are organized in easy-to-follow categories, so a viewer can find exactly what is needed, according to EAA officials.
Included are discussions of the legal and technical requirements, plus dozens of hands-on demonstrations with step-by-step guidance on basic preventive maintenance projects.
The demonstrations include such areas as:
Landing gear and tires;
Safety wire and cotter pin replacement;
Hydraulic fluids;
Safety belts and seat parts;
Landing and position lights;
Spark plugs and batteries; and
Fuel and oil screens and filters.
The video segments are hosted by Dick and Bob Koehler, EAA SportAir Workshop instructors, who each hold Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) mechanic certificates with Inspection Authorization (IA) privileges.
The DVD is available at EAA.org/Shop for $36.95, with discounts for EAA members.
The New England Patriots are the clear-cut favorites to win the Super Bowl heading into the playoffs, but bettors have been siding with the Green Bay Packers all season.
The Patriots are listed at 7-5 to win the Super Bowl at the Westgate SuperBook, followed by the Dallas Cowboys at 7-2. The Pittsburgh Steelers and Packers are each 8-1.
Despite an up-and-down season, more bets have been placed on the Packers to win the Super Bowl than any other team at multiple Las Vegas sportsbooks. Green Bay hosts the New York Giants on Sunday in the wild-card round.
The Packers opened at 10-1 to win Super Bowl LI and saw their odds drift all the way to 80-1 after a midseason four-game losing streak. But Green Bay closed out the regular season with six straight wins, including Sunday's 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions that clinched the NFC North division title and a playoff game at Lambeau Field.
While Aaron Rodgers and the Packers have attracted the most bets, the larger action has been on Tom Brady and the Patriots. More money has been bet on New England to win the Super Bowl than any other team at multiple books.
Among the playoff teams, the Patriots have attracted 30 percent of the money bet on William Hill's odds to win the Super Bowl, including a $40,000 bet at +170 and a $30,000 bet at +250 that were placed in December. Those bets would net $68,000 and $75,000 respectively, if Brady leads New England to a fifth Super Bowl title.
The Kansas City Chiefs and Atlanta Falcons are each 10-1, followed by the Seattle Seahawks at 12-1 and Giants at 20-1. The Houston Texans, Miami Dolphins and Oakland Raiders are each 80-1, and the Lions, at 100-1, are the biggest Super Bowl long shots among the playoff teams at the SuperBook.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Rfm Corp:
* RFM CORP -APPROVED BUY-BACK OF RFM SHARES FROM PHILIPPINE EQUITIES MARKET, COPR BOUGHT TOTAL OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND RFM SHARES‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A TEEN used the trust he'd gained from a long-term friendship to rape a girl while they slept in their own home.
The boy - who was aged 17 at the time - was invited to the then 16-year-old girl's Currimundi home for a sleepover in March last year.
The pair slept next to each other in the lounge room on a double mattress with separate blankets.
In the early hours of the morning the teen - who can't be named - put two fingers inside the girl's vagina while they were sleeping.
They woke and said, "what the f--- are you doing?" before falling back asleep.
Undeterred, they then pulled the girl's underwear to the side and took photos of them genitals.
The flash from the camera woke them up again and their abuser quickly left.
By 10am that day, the teenage boy was being questioned by police and made full admissions.
They yesterday pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to single counts of rape and recordings in breach of privacy of the genital region.
Although the teen was 17 at the time of the offence, they were sentenced as an adult.
The court heard the pair had been friends for six or seven years and met when their family had moved from South Africa to Australia.
The teen had also hoped to become a police officer upon graduating Year 12, but now had to consider doing a trade instead.
Judge John Robertson sentenced the teen to 12 months' imprisonment for the rape, suspended immediately for 18 months and 18 months' probation for taking the photos.
No convictions were recorded.
Officers of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Kyrgyz Republic detained a member of an international terrorist organization. Press service of the law enforcement agency reported.
According to its information, E.I., born in 1996, resident of Jalal-Abad region, went to Turkey through Russia in 2014 and then moved to Syria . There they participated in an armed conflict, underwent subversive and combat training and was a member of the terrorist organization Jebhat an-Nusra.
A criminal case was opened. The detainee was arresred for two months and placed into detention center No.5 in Osh .
Investigative and operational measures are being carried out to detect other participants.
Note, members of the religious extremist organization Hizb ut-Tahrir were detained in Jalal-Abad region today.
CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - A chronic drought that could leave South Africa's Cape Town without water within weeks is hurting visitor numbers and knocking a rare economic bright spot, officials said on Friday.
With experts predicting Cape Town will run out of water in mid-April, residents have been told to limit usage to 50 liters per person per day. An average bath holds 80 liters of water.
Hotels have asked guests not to use baths and to limit showers to two minutes or less, while some restaurants are switching to disposable cups and ditching table linen.
Around 10 million tourists visited Cape Town last year, drawn by iconic sights like Table Mountain, its long sandy beaches and clutch of nearby wine farms.
Tourism accounted for an estimated 9 percent of South Africa's economic output last year, or 412 billion rand ($35 billion).
People queue to collect water from a spring in the Newlands suburb as fears over the city's water crisis grow in Cape Town, South Africa, January 25, 2018. Picture taken January 25, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Though visitors are sympathetic to Cape Town's plight, there are fears that people may stay away due to the inconvenience of water restrictions or because they don't want to add to demand.
“There's no doubt that the knock-on effect of the water conservation crossroads we find ourselves in has had an impact on tourism,” said Enver Duminy, chief executive officer at Cape Town Tourism.
Slideshow (15 Images)
There is no official data available yet to quantify the impact water shortages are having on numbers but Duminy said there had already been cancellations.
The Global Sourcing Association, a large London-based non-profit, said on Friday it was postponing a major March conference in Cape Town to later in the year when it hopes the drought situation “will be alleviated”.
In a bid to limit the economic damage, which could spell jobs losses in a country with 25 percent unemployment, SA Tourism, a government agency, will soon embark on a global roadshow to reassure potential visitors.
“We are a tough country, a resilient country and I am quite confident we will find our way around this,” said Sisa Ntshona, SA Tourism's chief executive.
Pakistan will be among top 25 economies soon
Our Correspondent
Multan
Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal said on Saturday that the court's authority would be established when it jails former president General (retd) Pervez Musharraf for contempt like it did with Nehal Hashmi.
Hashmi, a Pakistan Muslim League–N politician was sentenced to one-month imprisonment and fined Rs50,000 for contempt by the Supreme Court. They were also disqualified from holding public office for five years.
Speaking to the press here, Ahsan Iqbal said Gen Musharraf had committed the biggest contempt of court. “I will accept that the Supreme Court has become independent, the day when it summons Musharraf and directs police to put them in Adiyala Jail.” Iqbal said, adding “if the court is unable to summon Musharraf, serving contempt notices to common political workers is not going to reinforce its authority”.
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court issued contempt of court notices to ministers Talal Chaudhry and Daniyal Aziz.
Iqbal said that not only the PML-N but the entire legal fraternity of the country and abroad expressed their reservations on the court's decision to disqualify party president Nawaz Sharif.
Iqbal added that they don't think anyone from Gwadar to Karachi thinks the decision taken against Nawaz is based on the criteria of justice.
Responding to a question, they said that the entire party is united over Shahbaz Sharif's nomination as the next prime minster. “Nawaz is our leader and we accept their decisions, therefore the party is completely unanimous over Shahbaz's nomination.”
Iqbal emphasised that Pakistan had become an emerging economy in the Nawaz-led tenure, adding that the multi-billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor was merely a piece of paper till July 2013, it was Nawaz who finalized it during their visit to China.
Ahsan Iqbal said that Pakistan has become a rising economy within the last five years and more progression will be seen in no time. “Human resource has been provided funds on all fronts and there has been massive financial allocation in development and education sectors,” Iqbal maintained.
They reiterated saying that Pakistan has seen the highest growth rate in last five years. “Our industrial production has been highest in 9 years, growth momentum is impeccable. Pakistan is rising and we have to ensure that policies are implemented well, there's no extremism and we have to continue working to strengthen democracy.”
“We want to be top 25 economies and we will achieve the target,” Iqbal expressed. Over the disqualification of former premier Nawaz Sharif, Iqbal said, “The world has put forward criticism saying that the verdict was incredibly questionable.
Navy Chief Hospital Corpsman Melissa Guevara from Miami recently was promoted to chief petty officer, an accomplishment that only one in five eligible sailors achieve each year.
Chief Guevara currently is serving with Navy Environmental Preventative Medicine Unit Two.
“Chief Petty Officer is the person that people look up to,” Guevara said. “It is the epitome of the word ‘leader.' Chiefs are part of the elite; they take their sailors under their wing and mold them into strong and professional leaders.”
Achieving the title of “Navy Chief” is a major honor and milestone. According to Navy Personnel Command, there are only 8.5 percent of sailors currently serving at the chief petty officer rank.
To be selected for this promotion, sailors must be a Petty Cfficer First class, and successfully navigate through two qualifying factors: a job-based exam and a selection review board. A sailor's record only can proceed to the review board after they score high enough on the exam. Once the exam is passed, their records are reviewed by a panel of senior navy leaders who meet for six weeks to determine if the individuals meet the standards for selection as a chief petty officer. A sailor's performance is evaluated for at least five years, and each sailor attributes different experiences for their selection.
“I would not be where I am without my family,” Guevara said. “They continue to cheer me on through good and bad times.”
During the ceremony, the honored sailors invite friends and family members to pin on the two gold anchors that adorn the newly appointed chiefs' uniforms, while the sailor's sponsor places the combination cover on their heads.
“My mother taught me from a young age to work hard for the things you want,” Guevara said. “Without them and my father, I would have never enlisted, so to them, I say, ‘Thank you, Mama and Papa.'”
NEW YORK — Pitcher Tyler Duffey has been brought up from the minor leagues by the Minnesota Twins.
The 27-year-old right-hander allowed three hits and a pair of unearned runs in 11 innings over four relief appearances for Triple-A Rochester this season.
 They are 16-16 with a 5.29 ERA in 36 starts and 56 relief appearances for the Twins over the past three seasons. They were 2-3 with a 4.94 ERA in 56 relief appearances with Minnesota last year.
Duffey was recalled Tuesday and took the roster spot of right-hander Alan Busenitz, who was optioned to Rochester after allowing two runs in two-thirds of an inning in the Twins' 14-1 loss to the New York Yankees on Monday night.
REUTERS - Indian refineries booked the largest amount of West African oil to load per day in February since April 2015, helping to shore up a decline in Chinese buying, a Reuters survey of vessel fixtures and traders showed on Friday.
Indian refiners Reliance and Essar joined state-run Indian Oil Corp (IOC) in booking ships to ferry West Africa oil east, running the total up to 780,000 barrels per day (bpd) - close to a three-year high on a bpd basis.
Essar bought a cargo of Dalia from Angola's Sonangol, while Reliance booked several ships to load Nigerian, Angolan and Congolese crude, the fixtures showed.
The purchases helped to offset a steep drop in bpd-loadings for China, which fell to 1.22 million bpd from a record of 1.59 million bpd the previous month. While China is still a key outlet, particularly for Angolan oil, its buyers have a wide range of options, and turning away even slightly makes more of it available to others.
“Demand for some grades was down from more regular buyers, so Angolan had to be priced low to move,” one trader said.
This in part helped drive some of the Indian buying, sources said. While IOC is a regular buyer of West African oil, typically via tenders, Essar and Reliance tend to opt for the region's crude only when it is particularly competitive.
Traders said a rush to clear out February-loading cargoes, along with some length in Angolan barrels as Chinese buyers backed away, helped lure the refineries.
The cargoes will also arrive in March and April, around the time refineries are concluding spring maintenance and looking to run full steam, traders said. ExxonMobil also booked West African oil to sail to Australia.
Total loadings of West African oil to Asia slid to 2.17 million bpd as a result of the slowdown from China, down from a record 2.39 million bpd in January.
London
Data showing strong job creation and wage gains in the United States fed expectations of interest rate hikes, sending the dollar and US bond yields higher on Friday, while stocks slumped. With 200,000 jobs added to the US economy last month, more than analysts had forecast, expectations are mounting that the Federal Reserve will push forward with more intest rate hikes. The Fed's concerns about tepid inflation will likely be salved by data showing wage growth of 2.9 percent, the largest 12-month increase in more than nine years. The greenback snapped higher after the announcement, as did the yield on US government bonds. Bloomberg reported the rate of return on 10-year US Treasury hit a four-year high of 2.84 percent. “Rising wages are a good thing for the economy, but what is good for the economy isn't always good for the stock market if it drives up rate-hike expectations,” said Briefing.com analyst Patrick O'Hare.—APP
The Kenbo 600 (China-Korea Motor Co.)
All 120 units of the Chinese SUV Kenbo 600 -- which began sales here last month as the first Chinese automobiles to be introduced in the Korean market -- have sold out, the distributor of the Chinese vehicle said Wednesday.According to China-Korea Motor Co., the model's exclusive local importer and distributor, contracts for the first round of the Kenbo 600 will be completed by this week. The company has placed orders for another 200 units.The SUV was officially launched on Jan. 18 and deliveries began on Feb. 1.The Chinese SUV is marketed as a mid-size SUV that comes with a more affordable price tag than an average compact SUV.Its local importer and distributor highlighted SsangYong Motor's best-selling compact SUV Tivoli and Hyundai Motor's iconic compact sedan Avante as models that compete with the Kenbo 600, during an official launch event last month.The model comes in two trims: the modern trim, which is priced at 19.99 million won ($17,466), and the luxury trim at 20.99 million won.According to China-Korea Motor, some 99 percent of customers chose to purchase the luxury trim, as there is a relatively low price difference between the two trims.As for the customer base, individual buyers accounted for 65 percent of the first batch and corporate buyers 35 percent, the company added.China-Korea Motor has set the company's sales target for this year at 3,000 units.To reach its goal, the local handler plans to introduce a compact SUV and a van by the end of the year as well as a pure electric vehicle model next year.China-Korea Motor is also eyeing to enter the local car rental service and the car sharing markets to expand its presence.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.com
The People's Daily, the most authoritative organ of Chinese state media, has attacked entertainment conglomerates Dalian Wanda and LeEco for endangering the financial system.
In an opinion piece published on Monday, the People's Daily said that China is working to avoid a financial crisis similar to the ones that Japan, the U.S. and Europe. And to achieve that “deleveraging… has become the new normal.”
It reminded readers that finance is like water that is necessary to make the real economy grow. But it warned that companies should not put the cart before the horse.
“Deleveraging, unlocking idle funds and curbing asset bubbles are important for not only reversing the fund flows towards the real economy and fixing imbalances in the economic structure, but also for preventing systemic financial risks,” it said.
With that perspective as justification, the Communist Party mouthpiece blasted at Wanda and LeEco.
Naming, LeEco co-founder Jia Yueting personally, the editorial said that LeEco had concocted tales in order to drive up valuations and keep borrowing flowing. “The stories should have ended earlier,” it thundered.
Wanda, which previously had close government connections, came off with a slightly less serious tongue lashing. The paper said that Wanda's $9 billion asset sale, marks the end of “barbarous expansion.” Wanda's asset light strategy, announced in 2015 was the right path, and the latest steps should be more resolute.
Wanda, insurer Anbang, conglomerate Fosun and airlines to property group HNA are among a group which the People's Daily calls “gray rhinos.” The term is a reference to large and dangerous beasts that have been hiding in plain sight, and which if left unchecked could cause a rampage.
The planet Venus stands to the lower right of the Moon this evening, with Mars closer to the upper left. Venus is the “evening star.” Mars looks like a much fainter orange star. The Quadrantid meteor shower is in view in the early morning.
Citi has recruited a new global chief economist from a leading think tank to replace the outspoken Willem Buiter, who is to move to a new role.
Catherine Mann will be joining Citi's research team in February in the New York City-based role from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, according to a statement from the bank today.
She...
WASHINGTON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday will order their top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property, senior administration officials said on Saturday.
The move, which could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods, comes at a time when Trump has asked China to do more to crack down on North Korea's nuclear missile program as they threaten possible military action against Pyongyang.
Trump has said they would be more amenable to going easy on Beijing if it were more aggressive in reining in North Korea.
An administration official, however, insisted diplomacy over North Korea and the potential trade probe were "totally unrelated," saying the trade action was not a pressure tactic.
"These are two different things," the official said, speaking to reporters on a conference call.
Trump will direct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine if an investigation is warranted of "any of China's laws, policies, practices or actions that may be unreasonable or discriminatory, and that may be harming American intellectual property, innovation and technology," the official said.
"China's unfair trade practices and industrial policies, including forced technology transfer and intellectual property theft, harm the U.S. economy and workers," a second official told reporters. "The action being taken on Monday is a reflection of the president's firm commitment to addressing this problem in a firm way."
Any investigation that may be launched could take as long as a year to conclude, a third official said. They said it would be premature to speculate on actions that could eventually be taken against China, and added that the issue could be resolved through "negotiated agreement."
Trump, who will interrupt a 17-day working vacation to make a day trip to Washington for the trade announcement, had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressed for China's cooperation on North Korea.
While China joined in a unanimous U.N. Security Council decision to tighten economic sanctions on Pyongyang, Trump has kept up pressure on Beijing to do more.
"We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel," they told reporters on Thursday. "If China helps us, I feel a lot different toward trade."
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by telephone on Friday and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the White House said in a statement. It was unclear whether the issue of trade came up.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from "unfair trade practices" of foreign countries.
The process can bypass World Trade Organization procedures for adjudicating grievances. Though widely used worldwide, the WTO process is viewed unfavorably by the Trump administration.
"We're at the beginning of this process and no firm decisions have been made as to how that is going to work in terms of whether we would pursue WTO action or action outside the WTO," the first administration official said.
In addition to the United States, the European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern about Chinese theft of intellectual property. The technology sector has been especially hard-hit in intellectual property disputes. (Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Tim Ahmann and Sandra Maler)
BEIJING (Reuters) - China will likely set its 2018 economic growth target at around 6.5 percent, unchanged from the previous year, leaving more room for quality growth as a government deleveraging campaign is set to intensify, a policy adviser was quoted as saying on Tuesday.
FILE PHOTO: Fog blankets Jincheng City skyline in north China's Shanxi province March 2, 2007. REUTERS/Claro Cortes IV/File Photo
Lou Feng, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, a state think tank, expects China to rely more on “innate drivers” for economic growth such as technology innovation in 2018, stressing the country is now minimising the importance of quantitative targets, according to Chinese newspaper 21st Century Business Herald.
China routinely sets an annual growth target which is widely watched by the market for clues on how much the government will likely stimulate the economy throughout the year.
A proposed target would be endorsed by top leaders at the closed-door Central Economic Work Conference in mid-December, and then announced at China's annual congress in early 2018.
China lowered its 2017 growth target to around 6.5 percent from the previous year's 6.5 to 7 percent, but its debt-fuelled investment binge has driven up infrastructure investment and real estate development, which has given the economy a surprise boost.
The Chinese economy is on course to hit an expansion of 6.8 percent in 2017, Lou said, according to the newspaper.
They said the government would seek to reduce overall leverage in the economy, pressing for a lower broad money supply against its gross domestic product (GDP) in the next step of a deleveraging campaign. Many analysts say efforts to cut high debt levels received a renewed push after the agenda-setting Communist Party Congress concluded in October.
Policy sources have told Reuters that China's leaders are likely to maintain this year's growth target of around 6.5 percent in 2018, even as they ratchet up efforts to prevent a destabilising build-up of debt.[nL3N1NQ3KT]
TAMPA, Fla. -- Ask anyone who drives in South Tampa. When it comes to flooding, they all know the usual suspects.
The city's most vulnerable neighborhoods were exposed when record rainfall fell in August 2015, leaving cars stranded and homes and businesses flooded.
Since then, Tampa had passed a new set of taxes and fees allowing it to implement a 10-year plan – a total of $251 million for cleanup and construction.
Several projects are already underway, expanding capacity.
In addition to construction, maintenance projects will keep water moving.
“We have cleaned out outfalls to the tune of about 600 tons of material,” said Tampa Public Works Administrator Brad Baird. “We cleaned out ponds of almost 400 tons of material. All to make the system function better.”
Aside from construction, Tampa improvements in just the first year and a half include:
18.8 miles of stormwater ditch grading
136.8 miles of stormwater pipe inspections and cleaning
20,473 curb miles swept
6,944 tons of debris swept up
In St. Petersburg, the same floodwaters overwhelmed the city's sewers.
Areas that typically flood, like Shore Acres on the city's west side, were isolated for days.
Since then, St. Pete has also spent millions to expand capacity.
“We are getting bigger collector pipes,” said St. Petersburg Public Works spokesperson Bill Logan. “We're maintaining areas that we can have the waters go into so that it doesn't, you know, back up.”
There are some who question whether any of these improvements will matter because there are some issues that simply cannot be addressed.
Take, for example, flooding along Tampa's Bayshore Boulevard. It happens like clockwork when the drainage pipes, which are designed to dump the runoff directly into the Hillsborough River, are blocked by high tide waters.
South Tampa elevation is 4 feet. So, 6 feet of tide or storm surge, and the water has no place to go.
Even without a hurricane, the long-term projection for rising water is not good for the Tampa Bay Area.
NASA scientists say climate change leaves the region vulnerable to higher tides and flooding rainstorms.
“More ocean heat corresponds to more water vapor, corresponds to the possibility of more intense rain events when conditions are ripe as they are during a hurricane,” said NASA Senior Scientist Timothy Hall.
Officials concede that little if any of what's being done -- hundreds of millions of dollars being spent -- is going to spare residents from a direct hit by a major hurricane.
It will relieve the typical daily dose of standing rainwater by helping inundated areas dry out faster.
But a storm surge of just 10 feet puts most of Tampa Bay's coastal drainage systems underwater. And that is something no amount of money, or preparation can change.
“For an afternoon storm in the summertime, it will be sized to handle that,” said Baird. “Will it be sized to handle a Cat 3 hurricane with high tide where parts of the system can't drain at all until the tide goes down? No.”
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Football Soccer - Premier League - Watford vs Liverpool - Watford, Britain - August 12, 2017 Watford's Miguel Britos celebrates scoring their third goal with Tom Cleverley.
WATFORD 3 LIVERPOOL 3
Liverpool showed familiar defensive weaknesses after conceding a trio of soft goals including a stoppage-time equaliser in an absorbing 3-3 Premier League draw at Watford on Saturday.
Defender Miguel Britos bundled the ball home at the death after Liverpool had come from 1-0 and 2-1 down to lead 3-2 thanks to a three-minute blitz in the second half, when new signing Mohamed Salah made an impact.
Former Chelsea winger Salah, who joined Liverpool from AS Roma during the close season, won a penalty converted by Roberto Firmino in the 55th minute and then bundled in the Brazilian's lofted pass from close range.
But the visitors were punished for sloppy defending and missing a string of chances as Britos popped up at the near post to delight the home fans at Vicarage Road, leaving Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp blaming the officials and bad luck.
"The equaliser was offside. It's obvious because the linesman is on the line. They need to see it," said Klopp.
"The first half I wasn't too happy with. We passed but we couldn't see what we actually wanted. The second half was a lot better but we forgot to close the game."
Having declared that the club's want-away Brazil forward Philippe Coutinho is not for sale, Klopp may need to strengthen their back four who looked completely at sea almost every time the home side came forward.
Liverpool fell behind in the eighth minute after striker Stefano Okaka was left completely unmarked at the near post to head in a Jose Holebas corner.
Sadio Mane drew the visitors level with a classy equaliser, having started and finished a slick move which involved a double exchange of passes with Alberto Moreno and a deft touch by Emre Can.
Yet Liverpool were hit by another sucker punch just three minutes later, as they failed to clear a low cross by Tom Cleverley which left midfielder Abdoulaye Doucoure with a simple tap-in.
Liverpool appeared to be heading for victory after Firmino sent Watford keeper Heurelho Gomez the wrong way with their spot-kick and then chipped the ball into Salah's stride to put the visitors 3-2 ahead.
Yet they missed several good chances to put the game beyond Watford's reach and paid the price when a poorly delivered corner from the right caught them napping and Britos poked in the equaliser after a goal-mouth melee.
Former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher criticised the club's defensive system and pointed the finger at their German coach.
"It's the set up from the manager," Carragher told Sky Sports.
"They concede the most goals out of anyone in the top six. Nothing has changed."
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Implementation of a deal for the return of a group of Syrian refugees and rebels to Syria from Lebanon was delayed on Saturday, with a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah saying it was due to "a logistical problem".
Some 300 Syrian rebels from a group called Saraya Ahl al-Sham in addition to 3,000 refugees were due to be transported back into Syria on Saturday under the agreement. A Lebanese source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said talks were continuing to resolve the problem, without saying what it was.
The Lebanese security official overseeing the arrangements, General Abbas Ibrahim, said on Friday that under the agreement a group of civilians would return to a Syrian government-held area, while the fighters and their families would go to another area of Syria which they did not identify.
Thousands of Syrian refugees returned to Syria from the same area of the Lebanese-Syrian frontier earlier this month in a similar agreement. Militants from the Nusra Front group left with them under that deal, leaving with the civilians to the rebel-held Idlib province in Syria.
Their departure followed military defeat at the hands of Hezbollah, an Iran-backed Lebanese group that is fighting in support of the Syrian government.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Nisar Ali will lead the Pakistan team in the 5th Edition of World Cup Cricket of the Blind (ODI format) to be staged in Pakistan and UAE from January 7 to 21, 2018.
The Pakistan Blind Cricket Council (PBCC) Monday announced an 18-member squad for the World Cup, said a PBCC press release issued here.
The team was announced by PBCC selection committee including Syed Muhammad Salman Tariq Bokhari (Chief Selector) and members Masood Jan and Ibrar Shah.
The players were selected by viewing their performance and physical fitness in the recent National Blind Cricket events and training camps that took place at Faisalabad and Okara.
The team includes Nisar Ali (captain), Amir Ishfaq (vice-captain), Riasat Khan, Sajid Nawaz, Zafar Iqbal, Muhammad Asif, Muhammad Ayyaz, Badar Munir, Haroon Khan, Mati Ullah, Anees Javed, Mohsin Khan, Muhammad Jamil, Muhammad Ejaz, Sana Ullah Marwat, Israr Hassan and Zeeshan Abbasi (playing manager).
The team officials to accompany the team include Abdul Razzaq (Coach), Masood Jan (Batting Coach), Tahir Mehmood Butt (Trainer) and Asif Azeem (Media Manager).
In February of 2016, I interviewed Team Alpha Male head coach Justin Buchholz over the phone for a story on Cody Garbrandt, who was preparing for their third fight in the UFC.
The interview happened less than one month after Buchholz had cornered TJ Dillashaw in a UFC bantamweight championship fight against Dominick Cruz. At that time, Dillashaw had already left TAM and was training full time in Denver, but Buchholz had remained a part of their camp. The two have been close friends for years.
Editor's Picks Garbrandt takes down Cruz for bantamweight title Cody Garbrandt staked their claim as UFC's next star after taking the bantamweight belt from Dominick Cruz in a five-round title fight that featured plenty of barbs and back-and-forth taunting.
Dillashaw makes statement against Lineker Former bantamweight champion TJ Dillashaw moved one step closer to another title shot with a clinical shutout of hard-hitting John Lineker at UFC 207 in Las Vegas. 1 Related
Dillashaw lost that bout to Cruz, along with the title, but they were still ranked high. Garbrandt was making their way up. I asked Buchholz what they would do if the UFC ever booked a fight between the two.
Initially, they admitted they aren't sure. That'd be tough. They considered Dillashaw a brother, but technically, Dillashaw was no longer with TAM. We finished the interview and hung up. Buchholz called back moments later.
"It's Team Alpha Male versus everybody," Buchholz said. "That's the bottom line. If Cody were to have to fight [Dillashaw]? I'd have to corner our guy."
Nothing props up a cage fight like some good, old-fashioned drama, and there is a compelling storyline brewing at the top of the 135-pound division.
Garbrandt ended the calendar year by taking the title from Cruz on Friday at UFC 207, and Dillashaw looked spectacular in a win over John Lineker on the same night. UFC president Dana White hasn't announced the next 135-pound title fight, but pitting the two former teammates against one another would seem to be a no-brainer.
Cody Garbrandt utilized their speed, poise and power to take the bantamweight title from Dominick Cruz at UFC 207. Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
The two do not loathe each other, but there are plenty of plot lines surrounding the matchup.
In May 2014, Dillashaw became the first TAM member to win a UFC championship, breaking a streak of six failed attempts by Urijah Faber, Joseph Benavidez and Chad Mendes. It was one of the Sacramento-based camp's highest moments, but happened to coincide with the departure of head coach Duane Ludwig, whom Dillashaw was especially close to.
Ludwig went on to open their own facility in Colorado, which Dillashaw frequently visited. Dillashaw continued to represent TAM, but lines were blurred a bit. In 2015, while Faber was coaching against Conor McGregor on "The Ultimate Fighter" reality series, McGregor famously referred to Dillashaw as a "snake" and predicted they aren't long for TAM.
As it turned out, McGregor's prediction came true. By October of 2015, Dillashaw had announced they were switching fight camps to Denver.
That was a transitional period for TAM. Buchholz was serving as head coach but was still an active fighter himself. The team had lost two head coaches -- Ludwig and Martin Kampmann -- in two years, and its first born and bred UFC champion had just left for another camp.
So when Buchholz called me back after the interview to adamantly change their response to "Team Alpha Male versus Everybody, even if it's Dillashaw" -- it was a noteworthy moment.
Former champion TJ Dillashaw, right, a former teammate of Garbrandt, took apart John Lineker over three one-sided rounds at UFC 207. Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
Buchholz hasn't cornered Dillashaw since. They stopped accepting fights and has focused completely on building the team, along with other former fighters Danny Castillo and Chris Holdsworth. Their star pupil, Garbrandt, has rattled off four consecutive wins and won the title. TAM weathered the storm Dillashaw's departure created -- and then some.
Buchholz is a former student of Ludwig and says he's very comfortable coaching against their striking system. Plus, of course, they know Dillashaw very well.
And one last potential lighting rod: Garbrandt claims to have video of them knocking out Dillashaw in practice when they were still on the same team. Dillashaw has laughed the claim off, saying that it never happened, and added that they made Garbrandt cry after practice multiple times.
Again, the two don't loathe each other. In fact, according to a backstage account, they congratulated each other on their respective wins at UFC 207. According to one UFC staff member, Dillashaw told Garbrandt they wanted to congratulate him, "before the bulls--- starts."
Well, heading into the new year, Garbrandt versus Dillashaw is one of the top stylistic matchups the UFC can promote. And if that isn't enough -- to Dillashaw's point -- there's plenty of drama to help the sell.
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
Business community has appreciated the withdrawal of NOC for bulletproofing of the private vehicles. Shamim Ahmed Firpo president of the Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) has warmly welcomed Federal Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal's decision to withdraw the condition of prior approval from the Interior Ministry for bullet proofing of private vehicles by completely reversing the previous policy.
In a statement issued, Shamim Firpo said that the Karachi Chamber was the first and only trade body across the country which kept demanding withdrawal of the unreasonable NoC condition for bulletproofing of private vehicles. “KCCI demanded withdrawal of NoC in its letters issued to Federal Interior Ministry from time to time and also issued press statements about the same a couple of years ago. Finally, the newly appointed Interior Minister has given the deserved precedence to our fair demand by issuing directives to immediately reverse the previous policy which the business and industrial community highly appreciates”, they added, while congratulating Ahsan Iqbal for taking the wise decision as per aspirations of the business and industrial community.
They were of the view that although the law and order situation has gradually improved since the commencement of Karachi operation in September 2013 but as of today, no one claim that 100 percent peace and tranquility prevails across the city. Therefore, the Business and Industrial community is compelled to go for private security arrangements and get their vehicles bulletproofed at their own expense so that they can move fearlessly and safely across the city but acquiring a NoC from Interior Ministry was an uphill task which has now been taken care of by Ahsan Iqbal who termed this exercise as “mark of red tape” and immediately ordered to withdraw the NoC condition.
AMHERST -- Within five to seven years a piece of clothing -- a watch band, a bandage -- might be able not only to monitor the wearer's heart rate but also perform more sophisticated diagnostic tasks, even harvesting sweat to instantly get a handle on body chemistry and hydration.
And research at the University of Massachusetts Amherst is helping to make that happen, now with the help of $500,000 from the state. Gov. Charlie Baker announced the funding Friday with a visit to the campus' Institute for Applied Life Sciences and its Center for Personalized Health Monitoring.
"Imagine if your Fitbit was much, much smarter," said polymer scientist James Watkins. "Imagine if your Band-Aid went to a really good university. Imagine how helpful that would be to first responders or to medics responding to casualties in the military."
They said the sophisticated monitoring sensors could send health data to a smartphone, or to a military commander or a doctor.
The UMass work is being done along with industry partner Uniqarta of Cambridge.
That "really good university" would be a place like UMass, where the Institute for Applied Life Sciences opened in June with five laboratories, called "Core Facilities," for use by manufacturers. The labs in the campus Life Sciences Laboratories Building, 240 Thatcher Road, are the result of a $95 million state investment and $55 million in support from the university.
James Capistran, executive director UMass Innovation Institute said companies, including E Ink of South Hadley and the United Technologies Research Center in East Hartford, are already partnering on the research.
The $500,000 Baker came to announce Friday has already been spent on tools and lab equipment, Capistran said.
The money is part of $6.98 million in state manufacturing research grants Baker distributed Friday. It will help university and industry researchers develop products and get those products manufactured here in Massachusetts, they said.
"We have always been a state that lived by its wits," said Baker, who'd just come form a visit to the Springfield High School of Commerce. "We've always been a state that looked at what's next. We need to develop these technologies so these technologies can provide good jobs."
Ten members of Girls Inc. of Holyoke and its Eureka program for high-school girls attended the event. Eureka students spend one day a week on the UMass campus for the month of July and learn about science, technology and other academic disciplines the rest of the year.
Baker's announcement fell on Manufacturing Day, a national celebration of making things and specifically making high-tech things designed for the economy of the future.
Some 245,000 people in the Bay State are employed creating goods that drive research, exports and wages that surpass the state average by 25 percent, according to Associated Industries of Massachusetts.
Other funding recipients are, according to a news release from the Mass Technology Collaborative:
Analog Photonics, Boston: $1.39 million. Sophisticated light sensors used in the autonomous vehicle industry, among others.
MIT Lincoln Labs, Lexington: $1.9 million. Photonics research for the Pentagon.
MIT/Ministry of Supply, Cambridge: $90,000. Clothing that can sense and adapt comfort to the local .
MIT Northeast Regional Robotics Innovation Collaborative (RRIC) in Boston at MassRobotics: $1.98 million over three years. "Teach-Bot," a robotics instruction and demonstration machine that interacts with the learner. The idea is re-educate workers.
MRSI of Billerica: $570,000. Silicon photonics.
Saint-Gobain/UMass-Lowell, Northborough and Lowell: $550,000. Optical fabric that can be woven into infrastructure and provide a civil infrastructure monitoring system (buildings, pipelines, bridges and tunnels, rail lines, etc.).
* Exec: Sales in China could overtake U.S. in coming years
* Honda sees FY op. profit at 775 bln yen vs pvs f‘cast 745 bln yen
* Lowers forex rate to 110 yen vs dollar
* Sees higher sales in Asia, particularly China (Recasts; adds executive comment, results details)
By Naomi Tajitsu
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co Ltd on Friday said it expected China would overtake the United States as its biggest market for cars in the coming years after higher sales in Asia prompted the automaker to raise its full-year profit outlook by 4 percent.
Honda, Toyota Motor Corp, Nissan Motor Co and other Japanese automakers currently count the United States as their biggest market. But Honda has experienced explosive growth in China during the past three years, luring consumers with new offerings in the sport-utility vehicle (SUV) segment including its CR-V and Vezel models.
Last year, its China sales jumped 15.5 percent to 1.44 million units, even as overall vehicle market growth slowed to just 3 percent year-on-year, the weakest in at least two decades.
In contrast, sales in the United States, for decades Honda's largest country market, were largely stagnant at 1.64 million vehicles last year, and significant growth is unlikely given that overall vehicle sales in the country are widely expected to retreat after peaking in 2016.
In the third quarter, Asia including China was the only region where Honda saw year-on-year growth in vehicle sales, while sales at home, North America, Europe and other regions fell. Honda expects Asia to overtake North America as its biggest source of annual vehicle sales for the first time this year.
Honda has been ramping up production in China, and Executive Vice President Seiji Kuraishi said that a further, significant rise in capacity would be difficult until it completes a new plant in 2019 through a joint venture with China's Dongfeng Motor Group.
“We're struggling to increase production in China, so it would be difficult to match our sales in the U.S. market at the moment,” Kuraishi told reporters at a briefing.
“But given the current state of the market, it's likely that China will overtake the United States soon.”
Honda plans to launch a compact all-battery electric car in China later this year, and Kuraishi said that the company would also focus on developing car-sharing and other new mobility services for the country.
FORECAST UPGRADE
Expectations for stronger sales growth in Asia prompted Japan's third-biggest automaker to raise its full-year forecast for operating profit to 775 billion yen ($7.06 billion), while it sees the yen averaging 110 yen versus the U.S. dollar in the year through March, from 109 yen previously.
While the latest forecast is an upgrade from a previous forecast for 745 billion yen, it still represents a 7.8 percent slide from a year prior, as costs for quality-related issues including recalls, along with investment for research and development offset higher sales and cost reductions.
Profit was 284.5 billion yen in October-December, up 37 percent from a year earlier, and exceeding a mean 281.6 billion yen estimate from 11 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. ($1 = 109.7800 yen) (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
It takes a real fighter to battle cancer through chemotherapy. It's even tougher to return to the mound and pitch in a major league game after that treatment.
Colorado Rockies pitcher Chad Bettis will make their season debut Monday night at Coors Field after battling testicular cancer in the offseason and the early part of 2017. The 28-year-old said they "felt like a kid the night before Christmas" when they received the call from Rockies manager Bud Black that they would be returning to the diamond Monday night against the Braves, writes MLB.com.
Now -- as the MLB community has mentioned on social media -- he's ready to strike out cancer big time in their first start of the season.
So proud of my former teammate and cancer survivor, @cbettis35. We're all rooting for you buddy! https://t.co/V2AxKU0Fiy — Collin McHugh (@Collin_McHugh) August 14, 2017
If you need extra motivation to come out to the @Rockies game tonight, @cbettis35 gonna show everyone what they think of cancer. #CRfamily — Ian Desmond (@IDesmond20) August 14, 2017
If you have a chance come support @Rockies at Coors tonight!Chad Bettis returning to mound after battle w Cancer! Goosebumps already! — Ryan Spilborghs (@spillygoat19) August 14, 2017
Bettis rejoins their teammates in the middle of a playoff race. The Rockies head into Monday's action 65-52, tied for the top wild card spot. Last season, Bettis was 14-8 with a 4.79 ERA (101 ERA+), 1.41 WHIP and 138 strikeouts in 186 innings.
-- Courtney Schellin
The Weinstein Company has set a March 9 release date for its untitled remake of “The Intouchables,” starring Bryan Cranston and Kevin Hart.
Nicole Kidman also stars along with Julianna Margulies and Aja Naomi King. Producers are Jason Blumenthal, Todd Black, and Harvey Weinstein.
Filming took place in Philadelphia in March. Neil Burger directed from a script by Jon Hartmere.
The original 2011 film is a French comedy-drama directed by Olivier Nakache and Éric Toledano with François Cluzet and Omar Sy starring. Its worldwide box office topped $400 million. Sy won the César Award for best actor and the film received seven other César nominations, including the best film, which it lost to “The Artist.”
The remake chronicles the unexpected friendship between Cranston's character, a Park Avenue billionaire left paralyzed after a hang-gliding accident, and Hart's character, who plays a convicted felon recently released from prison and in need of a job and a fresh start. The duo form an unlikely bond, bridging their differences and gaining invaluable wisdom in the process.
The film will open against Disney's time-travel fantasy “A Wrinkle in Time” with Ava DuVernay directing, and STX's comedy “Gringo.”
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc Chairman Mike O'Neill said on Tuesday all options were being considered to find a successor before they step down in the next 12 months, after reaching the retirement age of 72.
FILE PHOTO: The Citigroup Inc (Citi) logo is seen at the SIBOS banking and financial conference in Toronto, Ontario, Canada October 19, 2017. Picture taken October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
The options include having Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Mike Corbat take on the additional role of chairperson, O'Neill said at the Wall Street bank's annual shareholder meeting.
O'Neill added they were “a bit agnostic” about keeping the roles of chairperson and CEO separate.
At last year's meeting, O'Neill said the board of directors preferred to have different people in the two roles.
Corbat, 57, has spent their career at Citigroup and was installed as CEO with O'Neill's backing in October 2012 when the board fired Vikram Pandit, a few months after O'Neill had become chairperson.
O'Neill's comments came as they and Corbat took questions from veteran bank analyst Mike Mayo, now at Wells Fargo, who bought one share of stock to have the rare audience with O'Neill.
In the only closely contested matter at the meeting, a proposal to lower the stock ownership threshold required to call a special meeting of shareholders failed narrowly, getting 49.8 percent of votes cast, a preliminary count showed. The proposal, from investor Kenneth Steiner, called for a 15 percent threshold, down from Citi's current 25 percent.
Proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services Inc had recommended the lower threshold.
Special meetings can be used between annual shareholder meetings to elect new directors.
In another referendum, more than 94 percent of votes cast backed the 2017 executive pay awards, Citi said.
The compensation included a 48 percent raise for Corbat in 2017, a year in which Citi made more money, but fell short of earlier targets.
Mayo called Citi's performance “worst in class” among large U.S. banks. They have said it could improve from poor to average and boost Citi's laggard stock price.
Citigroup's return on tangible common equity, a key profit performance measure, was 11 percent in the first quarter while major competitors all topped 15 percent, according to analyst Jason Goldberg of Barclay's.
Corbat said the consumer banking division was not reaching its potential. One solution is in using technology to automate processes and attract deposits beyond Citi's small branch network.
Corbat also said Citi is reviewing its businesses in light of the new federal tax law.
“We need to take a fresh look at all of the places that we operate,” they said.
WWE Rumor Mill: Possible huge spoiler ahead of Extreme Rules
Phillipa Marie FOLLOW ANALYST News 2.08K // 04 Jul 2018, 21:00 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rusev won't be walking out of Extreme Rules with the WWE Championship
What's the story?
Extreme Rules takes place next weekend and it's the one night of the year when WWE goes "Extreme" but it doesn't look as though it will be a night that includes a number of shocks.
In case you didn't know...
Seven Championship matches have already been announced for Extreme Rules with both set of Tag Team Championships, Women's Champions and even the main Intercontinental Championship, United States Championship and WWE Championships will be on the line in Pittsburgh, with Brock Lesnar currently set to be the only main roster titleholder in the company who won't be working the event.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
The feuds between Rusev and AJ Styles over the WWE Championship as well as the issues between Carmella and Asuka have been heating up in recent weeks and many fans expected a few title changes ahead of SummerSlam.
The heart of the matter
According to CageSideSeats' daily rumor round-up, as of right now, no Championships are expected to change hands at Extreme Rules, this means that Ronda Rousey's presence at ringside won't be enough to help Nia Jax reclaim the Raw Women's Championship from Alexa Bliss and Shinsuke Nakamura won't be able to end their title drought for what has been more than an entire year on the main roster with a United States Championship in over Jeff Hardy.
SummerSlam is one of WWE's "big four" annual events so it makes sense for the company to not want to give away too many surprises ahead of the August show, but in seven Championship matches, at least one title change was expected.
What's next?
Extreme Rules takes place next Sunday night July 15th live from the PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and will be WWE's final pay-per-view stop on the road to SummerSlam.
Would you want to see a title change hands at the event? Let us know in the comments section below!
OTTAWA—This week's round of North American free trade talks is expected to be a “get to know you” session — an exercise in establishing the scope of negotiations, in which the three sides will discuss priorities and agree on how many negotiating tables there should be on separate issues.
Only later will negotiators get down to the nitty gritty and look at topics such as harmonizing regulations.
Freeland said they instructed their department to prepare for these talks as soon as NAFTA became an issue in the 2016 U.S. election.
Briefing documents for Freeland as part of that exercise, obtained by the Star under Access to Information, indicate officials looked across several sectors of the economy.
Officials analyzed the impact of NAFTA on enforcement of rules of origin at the Canada-U.S. border, compared sales taxes in the U.S. and Canada and looked at how trade with Canada stacks up against trade with China and Mexico.
Infosys is expected to face pressure on its cost as it is slated to hire 10,000 people in the US in the next two years. Photo: Mint
$30 billion
What is it? The cost of setting up a joint refinery, by state-owned companies—Indian Oil Ltd (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp. Ltd (HPCL)—in Ratnagiri, Maharashtra, as per the agreement signed on Wednesday.
Why is it important? The refinery will be India's largest, with a capacity of 60 million-tonne. Costing around Rs2 trillion, it will boost the country's oil export potential, besides readiness to tackle demand at home. Being considered since 2015, the project faced land acquisition hurdles in 2016.
Tell me more: There will be a mega petrochemical complex to accompany the refinery at the site.
1,800
What is it? The number of Infosys overseas employees who earn above Rs1 crore.
Why is it important? Employees hired abroad tend to earn more. Infosys is expected to face pressure on its cost as it is slated to hire 10,000 people in the US in the next two years. Around 700 of the 1,800 high-earning overseas employees were hired after Sikka took over in 2014.
Tell me more: The number of India-based Infosys employees who earn more than Rs1 crore has come down from 113-117 in FY15 to around 50 in FY17.
520 million
What is it? The number of 4G subscribers in India by 2022, as forecast by the latest Ericsson Mobility Report.
Why is it important: In recent months, 4G migration got a boost with huge discounts from Reliance Jio. It also forced other players to bring down price. The report forecasts 740 million subscribers for 3G by 2022. In 2016, an April report by CLSA had put the combined subscription of 3G and 4G services at 120 million.
Tell me more: There are 1.17 billion wireless subscribers (April 2017), which include increasingly unpopular technologies such as 2G and CDMA.
12
What is it? The number of people confirmed dead in the inferno in Central London on Wednesday.
Why is it important? The 24-story Grenfell Tower apartment block, was built in 1974 but was recently refurbished, and the fire spread through it at an unprecedented speed. Despite the presence of hundreds of firefighters, the fire could not be contained to evacuate everyone trapped in the tower. The disaster has called into question fire safety in high-rises, increasingly common in cities around the world. India has constantly been reminded of the shortfall in fire-preparedness of its highrises, most recently by a CAG report on Maharashtra.
Tell me more: The tower block was home to 600 people, and the fire is being considered one of London's deadliest.
2.17%
What is it? The rise in India's wholesale price index in May 2017.
Why is it important? This is the slowest growth in the last five months. The trend was also seen in consumer price inflation at 2.18%. It was driven down by falling food prices, as wholesale vegetable price index fell by 18.51% in May.
Tell me more: The low growth in inflation has led businesses to call for rate cuts.
howindialives.com is a search engine for public data
In 1874, if you wanted to buy groceries on store credit, the cashier would reach under the counter and pull out a little blue book. Inside would be your name, profession and whether you paid your debts on time. It was the beginning of the Equifax business model. And it was never about the regular citizens. It was about the businesses that wanted to lend to them. Regular people are the product. Banks and businesses are the customers.
And in many ways, that makes sense. Businesses do work better if they know something about their patrons. It's safer to lend money, which means it's cheaper and easier to get for "creditworthy" customers. Sort of a win-win but for one uncomfortable thing: Today, credit bureaus like Equifax have grown into massive corporations that slurp up virtually every piece of our financial lives. We never signed up for Equifax, or either of the other two companies that monitor just about every non-cash transaction. We never opted in. And it's hard to opt out.
On today's show: Why credit bureaus know so much about us, and why lawmakers have been struggling to regulate them for the past fifty years.
Music: "Say It Out Loud" "Acrobatic" and "Assault On Fort Apache." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts or PocketCast.
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
Tour Historic Central Library
Tour the Central Library , 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., with the Friends. Free tours begin at 11 a.m. each Saturday afternoon in the rotunda. Tour goers receive a coupon for a free book at the end of the tour in the Bookseller Store and Café. To arrange for a special tour call (414) 286-TOUR.
EXHIBIT
Binding Wounds, Pushing Boundaries: African Americans in Civil War Medicine On display Monday, April 30 – Saturday, June 9 Central Library, 814 W. Wisconsin Ave.
Many histories have been written about medical care during the American Civil War, but the participation and contributions of African Americans as nurses, surgeons and hospital workers have often been overlooked. Binding Wounds, Pushing Boundaries: African Americans in Civil War Medicine looks at the men and women who served as surgeons and nurses and how their work as medical providers challenged the prescribed notions of race and gender. This exhibition was developed and produced by the National Library of Medicine with research assistance from The Historical Society of Washington, D.C.
PROGRAMS
Prevent Stress From Affecting Your Health, Life and Productivity .
Learn how stress affects you physiologically, physically, emotionally, and behaviorally. Receive simple, yet powerful techniques to quickly ease your mental and emotional distress in no more than 30-60 seconds at the Atkinson Branch , 1960 W. Atkinson Ave., Tuesday, May 29, 6-7:30 p.m. Dr. Tony Piparo is an internationally bestselling author, speaker, coach and award-winning researcher.
Wednesday Wool
Bring your yarn and needles or crochet hook for Wednesday Wool at the Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Wednesday, May 30, 5:30-6:30 p.m. Share your latest project or start something new. Tea and coffee will be provided while supplies last.
Active Adult: The Art of Poi Dancing
Poi is an art form that uses a set of two handheld tethered balls that you twirl around your body in beautiful patterns. Simple poi movements will improve your coordination, balance your bilateral motor skills, sharpen analytical skills, boost endurance, and enhance self-awareness. Learn Poi skills with Marilyn Besasie, Milwaukee's most experienced instructor at the Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Saturday, June 2, 10:30-11:30 a.m. Please arrive early; class space is limited. Also June 9, 16, 23.
Get Crafty at King
Hang out with other crafty people and join in a craft project for adults, families, and teens at the Martin Luther King Branch , 310 W. Locust St., Saturday, June 2, 1-3 p.m. It may include beads, paper folding or paint – each time there will be a different craft to make and take home. Supplies and instructions will be provided.
BOOK DISCUSSION
History Buff Book Club
Join the discussion of Destiny of the Republic: A Tale of Madness, Medicine, and the Murder of a President by Candice Millard at the Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Thursday, May 31, 5-6 p.m.
FOR TEENS
Scratch Sessions with DJ Bizzon
No matter your experience level, learn the fundamentals of DJing all the way to advanced techniques at the Mitchell Street Branch , 906 W. Historic Mitchell St., Thursday, May 31, 3:30-5:30 p.m. Sessions include lessons on music selection, scratching and beat-matching, as well as event planning, promotion, and tips for becoming a professional DJ. Turntables and controllers and digital software such as Serato DJ and Traktor, will be available. If you have your own equipment, bring it along and continue your projects at home.
Makerspace Mediolympics: Music Production
Have fun and geek out in the Makerspace Mediolympics at the Mitchell Street Branch , 906 W. Historic Mitchell St., Saturday, June 2, 1:30-4:30 p.m. At each workshop you will be given a different media challenge to complete individually or in a group. MPL's Teen Interns will be on hand to help you learn how to use the equipment in the Makerspace to complete each challenge. There will be prizes for the winners and refreshments throughout. Meet new people, show off your skills, and learn new ones with cool technology.
FOR FAMILIES
Play and Learn
PRESENTED IN SPANISH. Imaginative play for families with young children at the Mitchell Street Branch , 906 W. Historic Mitchell St., Friday, June 1, 10:30-11:30 a.m. Doctor's Office: Pretend you are the doctor and check your patients, make a diagnosis, give needed immunizations, and help them feel “all better.” Bring your own doll if you wish.
Secret Garden Sensory Play Story Time
Explore sensory play outdoors in the Secret Garden at the Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Friday, June 1, 10:30-11:30 a.m. Each session will include stories, songs and exploratory play with bubbles, water, sand or dirt. Things could get messy – so dress accordingly! Registration is required, call 286-3011 or register online at mpl.org. (Program will be held indoors in case of inclement weather.)
Playgroup With Stories
A 20-minute story time for children and their parents or guardian is followed by open play time with a variety of age-appropriate, educational toys.
Capitol Branch , 3969 N. 74th St., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:30 a.m. For children ages 2 and under with a parent or guardian. Also May 31.
Playgroup With Stories (CONTINUED)
Central Library , 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., Wednesday, May 30, 9:30-10:30 a.m. For children ages 2 and under with a parent or guardian. Session repeated at 10:45 a.m.
East Branch , 2320 N. Cramer St. Thursday, May 31, 10-11:30 a.m. For children ages 2 and under with a parent or guardian.
Mitchell Street Branch , 906 W. Historic Mitchell St., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:15 a.m. For children ages 1-4 with a parent or guardian.
Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:30 a.m. For children ages 1 to 4 with a parent or guardian.
Villard Square Branch , 5190 N. 35th St., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:30 a.m. For children ages 1 to 4 with a parent or guardian.
Zablocki Branch , 3501 W. Oklahoma Ave., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:30 a.m. For children ages 1 to 4 with a parent or guardian.
FOR CHILDREN
Paws to Read
Read out loud to a cuddly canine at the Tippecanoe Branch , 3912 S. Howell Ave., Saturday, June 2, 1-2 p.m. The Alliance of Therapy Dogs will bring furry friends to provide comfort, support and build confidence for beginning, struggling, or reluctant readers to become Super Readers!
Saturdays at Central
PRIDE Story Time at the Central Library , 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., Saturday, June 2, 10:30-11:15 a.m. June is National Pride Month. Celebrate the beauty and diversity of all types of families with this Pride-themed story time. After stories and songs, we'll make a colorful take-home craft.
Saturday Afternoons at Central for ‘Tweens
Nintendo Switch Gaming at the Central Library , 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., Saturday, June 2, 2-3 p.m. It's time to ‘switch' it up! Play a variety of games on the Nintendo Switch at the library. Snacks provided.
Art Workshops: Artists Working in Education (A.W.E.)
A drop-in program designed for children in grades K5-5. Each visit includes a story and discussion of a book or illustrator. Participants then work on imaginative art activities relevant to the book or artist theme for the day. Atkinson Branch , 1960 W. Atkinson Ave., Monday, June 4, 4-5:30 p.m.
Preschool Story Time
Preschoolers are invited for fun stories, songs, and finger plays designed to help them develop important literacy skills needed prior to learning how to read. Child care centers are welcome.
Atkinson Branch , 1960 W. Atkinson Ave., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:15 a.m.
Bay View Branch , 2566 S. Kinnickinnic Ave., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11:15 a.m.
Central Library , 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., Tuesday, May 29, 10:30-11 a.m.
Martin Luther King Branch , 310 W. Locust St., Friday, June 1, 10-10:30 a.m. Also June 8, 15, 22, 29. Washington Park Branch , 2121 N. Sherman Blvd., Thursday, May 31, 10:30-11 a.m.
Upon reasonable notice, efforts will be made to accommodate the needs of individuals with disabilities. For additional information or to request services contact the Library Director's Office at (414) 286-3021, 286-2794 (FAX), or mail to Central Library, 814 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, WI 53233 Attn: Accommodation Request.
BOOKSELLER and COFFEE SHOP
(Adds analyst comment, background)
BRATISLAVA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Slovakia's defence ministry said on Friday it was in talks to buy either American F-16s or Swedish Gripen fighter jets to replace its ageing Russian-made MiG-29s.
The ministry said it would submit an analysis of the two options by June 29 for government approval.
Slovakia, a member of NATO, has a maintenance contract with Russia for its 12 MiG-29s until autumn 2019. That contract may need to be extended even if the government agrees to buy new jets by the end of this year, since the new jets typically take 18 to 24 months to deliver.
“Both options are good. F-16s are more expensive and they may take until around 2023 to be delivered,” Jaroslav Nad from the Slovak Security Police Institute said.
Neighbouring Hungary and the Czech Republic already operate Gripens, built by Saab. Poland flies F-16s, built by Lockheed Martin Corp, and may buy more.
Slovakia has a “joint sky” agreement with the Czech Republic, which leases 14 Gripens. The agreement means the two would help protect each other's airspace beyond the standard air defence cooperation within NATO. If Slovakia buys Gripens, they could also share maintenance and pilot training.
Slovakia is due to spend about 6.5 billion euros ($8.11 billion) by 2030 to modernise its military. Defence spending is due to rise from 1.1 percent of gross domestic product last year to 1.6 percent in 2020 and 2.0 percent by 2024.
In November 2017, the government approved plans to build 81 eight-wheeled armoured personal carriers with the Finnish defence company Patria, to replace outdated personnel carriers .
The ministry is set to pick a partner to build 404 four-wheeled armoured vehicles this year.
HANOI/SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Thai Beverage, through a Vietnam unit, has emerged as the only bidder which has registered to own at least 25 percent of the nation's top brewer, Sabeco, in which the government is selling a $5-billion stake.
FILE PHOTO: Bottles of beer move along a production line at a factory of Saigon Beer Corporation (Sabeco) in Hanoi, Vietnam May 26, 2015. REUTERS/Kham/File Photo
Last month, Vietnam announced its biggest-ever and long-delayed state sale of Sabeco, or Saigon Beer Alcohol Beverage Corp and said it was open to sell a stake of nearly 54 percent, but retained a cap of 49 percent on foreign ownership.
Citing people familiar with the matter, Reuters reported on Sunday that brewing groups including Thai Beverage, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Kirin Holdings, Asahi Group Holdings and San Miguel were interested in the auction.
The people had said that Thai Bev, controlled by tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, was shaping up as a strong contender, as it was familiar with the Vietnam system and saw Sabeco as key to expanding outside its home market.
“Thai Bev had been planning to buy into Sabeco long before the formal sales process kicked off. They seem to have ticked all the right boxes,” a source, who declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media, said on Tuesday.
On its website, Vietnam's trade ministry said Vietnam Beverage Company Ltd, a unit of Thai Bev, was the only investor to register an interest to own 25 percent or more of Sabeco as of 1100 GMT on Monday. It did not give any details.
Sabeco's shares jumped by the daily limit of 7 percent in early trade to stand at 313,000 dong ($13.8). The shares have nearly trebled since listing a year ago, with analysts citing a small float as inflating its market value.
The Sabeco auction is on Dec. 18, and bidders keen to own a stake of 25 percent or more of Sabeco's shares need to inform local authorities a week ahead.
Sabeco's foreign ownership cap limits overseas bidders to a minority stake of up to 39 percent, as foreign entities already own 10 percent.
Vietnam Beverage Company Ltd is owned by Vietnam F&B Alliance Investment Company, which is in turn 49-percent owned by BeerCo Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Thai Beverage, official documents on the companies showed.
Thai Beverage had no immediate comment and shares in the Singapore-listed company were halted for trading pending an announcement.
Lack of control, the unorthodox manner of the sale of the Sabeco stake and sky-high valuations could put off some possible bidders, bankers, investors and lawyers said. [L8N1O51Q9]
It was not immediately clear if other potential bidders for Sabeco had decided to bid for stakes of less than 25 percent or if they would sit out the auction.
Vietnam's trade ministry, which represents state shares in Sabeco, has said foreign investors can link up with Vietnamese firms to buy shares in Sabeco, but have to comply with local laws and regulations.
($1=22,710 dong)
MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL) wants to ensure your streaming video experience stays smooth. A research team led by MIT professor Mohammad Alizadeh has developed an artificial intelligence (dubbed ‘Pensieve') that can select the best algorithms for ensuring video streams both without interruption, and at the best possible playback quality.
The method improves upon existing tech, including the adaptive bitrate (ABR) method used by YouTube that throttles back quality to keep videos playing, albeit with pixelation and other artifacts. The AI can select different algorithms depending on what kind of network conditions a device is experiencing, cutting down on the downsides associated with any one method.
During experimentation, the CSAIL research team behind this method found that video streamed with between 10 and 30 percent less rebuffing, with 10 to 25 percent improved quality. Those gains would definitely add up to a significantly improved experience for most video viewers, especially over a long period.
Pensieve overview Pensieve outperforming existing approaches Pensieve neural network detailed diagram View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
The difference in CSAIL's Pensieve approach vs. traditional methods is mainly in its use of a neural network instead of sticking to a strictly algorithmic-based approach. The neural net learns how to optimize through a reward system that incentivizes smoother video playback, rather than setting out defined rules about what algorithmic techniques to use when buffering video.
Researchers say the system is also potentially tweakable on the user end, depending on what they want to prioritize in playback: You could, for instance, set Pensieve to optimize for playback quality, or conversely, for playback speed, or even for conservation of data.
The team is making their project code open source for Pensieve at SIGCOMM next week in LA, and they expect that when trained on a larger data set, it could provide even greater improvements in terms of performance and quality. They're also now going to test applying it to VR video, since the high bitrates required for a quality experience there are well suited to the kinds of improvements Pensieve can offer.
As the personal assistant to the beings of the beyond in “The Good Place,” D'Arcy Carden's Janet started off more akin to Amazon's Alexa or Apple's Siri than a human being. But just because they are an artificial intelligence creation does not mean they cannot grow or evolve. In two short seasons, Carden has drawn upon their comedy chops (she trained and toured with the Upright Citizens Brigade in the early aughts) to become a breakout in an ensemble cast that features veterans such as Ted Danson and Kristen Bell.
Carden: “Auditioning for this was a little bit different than a normal show because there wasn't any information. All I knew was that Ted Danson and Kristen Bell were involved in it — and truly that was all I needed to know! And that it was Mike Schur.
“We were given a couple of pages for the audition, and it wasn't anything about the show — it was dummy pages, it was fake. It was just a made-up character with the vibe of Janet — a very helpful, unflappable, cool problem-solver — but no information about being artificial intelligence or anything like that. I think the point was Mike Schur and Drew Goddard didn't want us to do any kind of robot voice or anything. That could be an easy trap to fall into.
“With acting, it's all about reacting and emotion. Every line you say and every line your scene partner says, the point is reacting to it, but when your character doesn't react, it's a weird struggle.
“I talked about it with Mike a lot, and he's amazing and so collaborative, and it was very helpful to figure it out together.
“Janet is evolving so much — and it's hard and exciting as an actor. There are such strict rules about what they can and cannot do, but at the same time, the possibilities are unending. So on one hand, we found out in season one that their version of crying is staring up at the sky wailing, but then by season two, all of the rules sort of go out the window because she's starting to feel feelings.
“The episode ‘Janet and Michael' was basically just me and Ted getting to play together, and it was incredible because he's one of the best TV actors and as a scene person, he's down for whatever and nothing can throw him. I feel beyond lucky to get to work with him.
“When your character doesn't react, it's a weird struggle.”
D'Arcy Carden
“This episode goes through all levels of emotions, so it was too good to be true. We had this really fun week together that was almost like camp. In the episode, Michael admits that the reason they can't destroy Janet is because she's their best friend. And in that moment, Ted got teary-eyed, and it shocked me and made me teary-eyed. And then I panicked afterwards because Janet can't cry! But we're breaking the rules, and it's such a gut feeling of knowing yes or no — Janet would or wouldn't do that. With the emotion of that scene with Ted, it really did take me by surprise, but it still felt true to Janet.
“I've gotten to this place with Janet where it just feels like home — we're a little interchangeable. So when it comes to the reboots or playing Bad Janet, it's like different versions of this person I know.
“She's kind of like the best part of us. They only want to help — they don't want to create drama [and] they only wants the best for people. We live in a rough moment right now, and she's so positive. It's good for my soul.”
Share 0
The Bucs signed J.R. Sweezy away from Seattle in March, hoping to add a formidable run-blocker to fill the void left by Logan Mankins and help the offense progress on a promising season in 2015.
But after inking the fifth-year guard to a five-year, $32 million deal, Sweezy suffered a back injury and underwent surgery. They were sidelined the entire season, including training camp. Initially on the PUP list – which meant missing at least the first five games – Sweezy was later placed on IR in November, leaving their future in Tampa in question.
Though their status for 2017 still seems up in the air, Sweezy sounded confident in their return to action when speaking with Greg Auman of the Tampa Bay Times on Monday.
“I don't want to say I'm going to do something when I'm not,” Sweezy said, via Auman. “I'm taking it one day at a time. I'm very confident that I will be ready but, that being said, again, just one day at a time, just getting better. … I'm just looking forward to next season and continuing to get better every day.”
Sweezy, who had missed just one start since 2014, called the misfortune of 2016 “probably the hardest season I've ever been a part of.”
“These guys are laying it on the line and winning ball games, and you just want to help,” they said. “It was very tough, but I think it's made me grow a lot.”
During their final day-after-game press conference, Bucs coach Dirk Koetter touched upon the situation regarding Sweezy briefly – and honestly.
“I'm not a doctor, but what I do know is we haven't seen them on the field,” Koetter said. “At this point, it's been over a year since he's played. We really don't know what we have. Until we see them on the field healthy, that's an unknown. If it ever comes to the point where we have a healthy J.R. Sweezy on the field, and he's the player we thought we were getting when we were looking at that Seattle tape, I think they add another one to the depth I already talked about on the O-line. Do we ever get to that point? I do not know that.”
Friday morning Forecast
Tyler Ryan's Friday morning forecast
Another nice day with a lot of sun, temps once again rising well above normal. Rain, however, is on the way. Check out the details:
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp aims to sell as many as 1.4 million vehicles in China this year, compared with 1.29 million sold in 2017, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday.
The people, who declined to be identified as they were not authorised to comment publicly on the matter, said the target was a “stretch goal” for the company this year - a target that is not the baseline sales forecast and one that executives acknowledge will be difficult to achieve.
The firm is expected to disclose its January sales performance in China later on Friday. (Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu; Writing by Se Young Lee)
COX'S BAZAR/DHAKA, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Bangladesh is deploying thousands of extra police to Rohingya refugee camps in the south, officials said, after a series of mostly unexplained killings that have sown fear among hundreds of thousands of people who have fled from neighbouring Myanmar.
Rohingya refugees with their child walk with umbrella at the Kutupalong camp during heavy rain in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain
Since August, when a military crackdown in Myanmar forced many of the Muslim minority to cross the border into Bangladesh and seek shelter in the crowded camps, 19 people, some of them community leaders, have been killed.
Police have made a number of arrests in connection with some of the killings, but say the motives often remain unclear.
Conducted after dark and often by groups of men wielding pistols, knives, and sticks, the killings have sent a chill through the camps, which are guarded by the Bangladesh army during the day but manned by fewer police officers at night.
A.K.M. Iqbal Hossain, police superintendent of the coastal town of Cox's Bazar under whose jurisdiction the camps fall, said a special force of roughly 2,400 men was being formed to guard the refugees.
A second senior officer, Superintendent Afrujul Haque Tutul, said police numbers were already being increased.
“We have 1,000 police officers right now for a million people, so you can imagine,” they said.
More than 700,000 Rohingya have taken shelter in Cox's Bazar district since August, joining thousands who were already living there, making it the world's largest and fastest growing refugee camp.
Even before the August exodus, there had been violence in the camps, which Bangladesh police and aid workers have previously blamed on a struggle for control of supplies to the camps.
STABBED 25 TIMES
The latest killing, of 35-year-old Arifullah, took place last month on a busy road outside the Balukhali camp, where they had been appointed a leader of thousands of refugees.
A group of men surrounded them on the evening of June 18, stabbing them at least 25 times, police said. A pool of blood stained the spot the next morning, and a crowd of refugees could be seen gathered around.
Rohingya refugees walk with umbrella at the Kutupalong camp during heavy rain in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain
Police said three Rohingya men had been arrested over the killing of Arifullah, who spoke English, had worked for international agencies in Myanmar, and often met foreign delegates who visited the camps.
Their wife, who did not want to be named and asked Reuters not to disclose the location where they were interviewed because they feared attack, said Arifullah was a critic of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) – a militant group whose assaults on Myanmar security posts in August triggered the crackdown by the military.
The group says it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya. Police said investigations into the murder were ongoing and they had not found links to ARSA.
A spokesperson for ARSA referred Reuters to its Jan. 31 statement that said other armed groups were responsible for “activities” at refugee camps and were using its name to malign its image.
The group said it did not attack civilians and would never carry out killings in the camps because its was thankful for Bangladesh's generosity in sheltering the refugees.
That statement was issued after the Jan. 19 killing of Yusuf, another English-speaking camp leader. Sitting on the mud floor of their shelter, Yusuf's wife Jamila said their husband had been watching a football match on their phone with their two sons when around a dozen men barged into their shelter in the Taingkhali camp carrying knives and pistols, shooting them twice.
They said police had urged them to file a case and name suspects, but they had refused, fearing retaliation, and because they did not want to leave their shelter for hours to go to court. “I'm scared for my children,” they said.
Details of Yusuf's killing were confirmed by police superintendent Tutul at the Cox's Bazar police station. They said the police investigation was hampered because the refugees were afraid to name suspects.
They said intelligence received so far suggested several of the killings, including those of Yusuf and Arifullah, were due to personal disputes refugees had brought from Myanmar.
Police have arrested about 300 Rohingya in cases involving killings, robberies and abductions in the camps since the August influx, Tutul said.
Camp leaders at Balukhali and Taingkhali said the army had appointed Rohingya volunteers to keep guard at night, but most had stopped working because they were not being paid.
Foreign officials said security inside the teeming camps was a worry. “What I hear from my colleagues is that is obviously a big concern,” Peter Maurer, president of the International Committee of the Red Cross, said on a visit to the camps on Sunday.
“It is obvious that it is a big challenge when you have big numbers, poor conditions, cramped situations.”
Slideshow (5 Images)
GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE, Cuba (Reuters) - On the eastern edge of Cuba, lies the tale of two cities, Guantanamo the city and Guantanamo the U.S. naval base. Both are testament to the gulf between the two countries and their cultures.
On the base, the uniforms are camouflage. In the city, they are for school or sports. Magazines and books fill the spare time of those at the base, while in the city, cafes, parades and dominoes play that role.
The base is more than a century old, but the Cuban government that came to power with the 1959 revolution has considered it illegal under international law. The U.S. decision in 2002 to send foreign terrorism suspects to a newly constructed detention camp on the base heightened tensions.
Now U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered this week that the center remain open after their predecessor, Barack Obama, unsuccessfully attempted to close the widely condemned prison. Its inmate population stands at 41.
Just 18 miles (29 km) apart, the base on the bay with 5,500 personnel and the inland city of 217,000 people do not mix. Their radio stations chronicle their separate and distinct lives.
Radio Reloj, a Cuban government-run station, promotes the culture of Cuba under the island's communist leadership. It extols the virtues of a 20-year-old swimmer who qualifies for the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest as well as the booming potato exports to Latin America. The sound of a ticking clock - a “reloj” in Spanish - hums beneath the announcements.
A table is seen at a restaurant used by U.S. military personnel at the Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base, Cuba, June 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
At the U.S. naval base, however, Radio Gitmo caters to an expat community, offering tips on the optimal amount of alcohol to consume after dinner and warning of the negative effects of feeding the bay's iguana population.
The two Guantanamos capture the stark contrasts of the neighboring populations with hardly any communication between them. Still, small strands of similarity could be found. At the base, a U.S. soldier patrols the area, while a portrait of Cuban revolutionary hero Che Guevara adorns a wall in the city.
Slideshow (19 Images)
An austere, windowless cell for detainees contrasts with locals playing dominoes outside their homes at dusk. A lone prisoner walks along a dark cellblock, while a group of passengers rides the local bus.
Guantanamo is a stark mix of military order or spontaneous joy, bunkers or bright blue doors, Caribbean sea or sugar cane fields.
Related photo essay at reut.rs/2FAM6Oa
We're fascinated by undefeated teams because going undefeated for any considerable period of time is so hard to do. The college basketball season is but a month old, after all, and we've already winnowed the undefeated pool down from 351 teams to just seven.
Here are all seven undefeated teams, in the order in which each team will likely suffer its first loss:
Mississippi State Bulldogs (8-0)
Tuesday (Dec. 12), at Cincinnati Bearcats
Mississippi State's yet to play a game outside of Starkville, and its best win to date was its two-point victory last week against Dayton. Speaking of modest margins of victory, four of the Bulldogs' seven wins against Division I opponents have come by single digits (the triumph over the Flyers, plus home wins against Green Bay, Stephen F. Austin and Jacksonville State). So, no, a loss on the road to a ranked Cincinnati team would not qualify as a shocker. Still, give credit to Howland for a noticeably improved defense. SEC opponents aren't going to enjoy trying to make 2-pointers against 6-foot-11 first-year student Abdul Ado and 6-foot-10 junior Aric Holman.
Georgetown Hoyas (8-0)
Saturday (Dec. 16), vs. Syracuse Orange
People wailed and moaned when Georgetown released its nonconference schedule -- and people were right to wail and moan. The Hoyas now sit at 8-0 with one road victory (at Richmond) and wins at home over the likes of Maryland Eastern Shore, Maine, Coppin State, Howard and North Carolina A&T. The first opponent that Patrick Ewing's team will play that could potentially find itself in a postseason tournament of any kind will be Syracuse this coming Saturday. That will also be Georgetown's first loss. The Orange are pretty good in these Big East reunion games.
Florida State Seminoles (9-0)
Dec. 30, at Duke Blue Devils
We're still trying to figure out the Seminoles, in part because we're still trying to figure Florida out. It may be the case that FSU's 17-point win in Gainesville really is a big deal, in which case it will be time to call Leonard Hamilton's bunch the surprise team (in a good direction) of 2017-18 so far. More specifically, this could turn out to be the best shooting team that Hamilton's yet had in Tallahassee. No one, to my knowledge, saw that coming the season after onetime mainstays Jonathan Isaac, Dwayne Bacon and Xavier Rathan-Mayes had all made their departures. Well done, Terrance Mann & Co. (I see you, M.J. Walker), but winning at Cameron Indoor will be a challenge.
Arizona State Sun Devils (9-0)
Dec. 30, at Arizona Wildcats
If you're a devotee of the "Who have they beat?" school of basketball thought, then Arizona State is likely your No. 1 team in the country. Bobby Hurley's group trounced Xavier by 16 on a neutral floor and then beat Kansas by 10 in Lawrence. ASU has embraced small ball fervently and with a high degree of success. Tra Holder, Shannon Evans and Remy Martin are all listed at 6-foot-1, and, basically, none of the opponents the Sun Devils have played so far have had enough defenders to keep up with all three of these guys. Ironically, KU's also going small (at least by its own lights), but against the Jayhawks the trio from Tempe combined for 72 points with 14 assists, seven steals and just four turnovers. No, Arizona State won't run the table on the road in the Pac-12, but, goodness, what an arrival on the national scene.
Miami Hurricanes (8-0)
Jan. 13, at Clemson Tigers
Jim Larranaga's team is playing its next few games on the road, and three of those will take place several time zones away in Hawaii as part of the Diamond Head Classic. Common sense suggests that the Hurricanes could drop one of those contests, but I like UM's chances to run that mini-table, take care of Florida State at home and ride this streak all the way to mid-January. That's when a road date at Clemson awaits, and, while the Tigers aren't inspiring particular fear or even coverage nationally, they're a good team with an easy win over Ohio State to its credit. Moreover, Miami hasn't won at Littlejohn Coliseum since a 45-43 barnburner in 2013. (The barn burned slowly.) Life on the road in the ACC is difficult, even for an outstanding defensive unit like the Hurricanes.
TCU Horned Frogs (10-0)
Jan. 2, at Baylor
You might not associate TCU with untrammeled basketball success, but this season actually marks the second time in the last four years that the Horned Frogs have reached December as one of the nation's past remaining undefeated teams. The team started 2014-15 with a 13-0 record (and recorded the school's first appearance in the AP rankings in 16 years), only to post a 4-14 mark in Big 12 play. That kind of collapse won't happen to Jamie Dixon's group in 2017-18. TCU is poised to earn its first NCAA tournament bid since 1998 thanks to excellent shooting achieved by Kenrich Williams, Vladimir Brodziansky and Desmond Bane, among others. The Frogs will drop a few games on the road in Big 12 play, but this is the best team Dixon's had in years.
Villanova Wildcats (10-0)
Feb. 17, at Xavier
It's just so shocking to be writing a piece like this in December and find Villanova still undefeated. No, wait, what's the opposite of surprising? Traditional. Villanova's record in November and December over the past five seasons now stands at 60-3. Mikal Bridges and Jalen Brunson are two of the best players in Division I, Phil Booth has returned with a vengeance, Donte DiVincenzo and Eric Paschall are rock-solid and Omari Spellman is improving with each passing game. It's amazing to realize that, in theory, every single one of these guys could be back next year. (In reality, the NBA will throw a sack over Bridges and abscond with them forcefully if they keep playing the way they did against Gonzaga.) But, in the here and now, this team may stay undefeated for a while.
Diversity and inclusion is a trash fire in Silicon Valley and in the business world at large. But let's just focus on tech for now. At the Code Conference this evening, All Raise and Cowboy Ventures Partner Aileen Lee, shift7 CEO Megan Smith and Stubhub President Sukhinder Singh Cassidy talked about the state of diversity and inclusion in tech. Lee kicked things off with how the idea and statement that someone is such a “good guy” bothers them
Often times, they said, that's the qualification for how many of these men get the opportunity to invest in companies or work at certain companies. Meanwhile, if someone suggests a woman or person of color, Lee said, the questions are totally different and focused on qualifications.
“Good guys have hired and funded good guys,” Lee said.
Moving forward, “we need to systematically map out our industry and business processes and try to take the biases out of them,” Lee said. They added, “people have not been given a fair shot and we need to kind of re-engineer our business.”
“Last year it was like every month there was a new story where you just could no longer ignore it,” Lee said. “We have a lot of work to do but I'm pretty optimistic.”
They pointed to how she's sat at a board meeting where the male CEO pointed out, unprompted, that they see the company is all male and is at risk of becoming a company no one would want to work for.
The panel also touched on the importance of diversity at the board level and some backlash. For example, some firms have suggested men don't have one-on-one meetings with women. But Lee says, “we're definitely not going to solve this problem by men saying they're afraid to meet with women.”
Toward the end of the panel, Smith pointed out that “the people who are most left out are women of color.”
While there were women of color on stage at the Code Conference this week, Smith's assertion was especially notable given the absence of black men and women.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Ancient sculptures that were missing for decades after being stolen during Lebanon's civil war are to go on display in Beirut thanks to a global fight against antiquities smuggling that has been stepped up since wartime looting in Iraq and Syria.
The five marble statues were among a haul of hundreds that Lebanese militiamen took from a storehouse in 1981, some of which are only now emerging onto the shadowy global arts market and even into the world's greatest museums.
Three of the five sculptures unveiled at a ceremony in Beirut on Friday were spotted in New York's Metropolitan Museum - where they were on loan from a private collector - by a curator who identified them using Art Loss, an online register of stolen artefacts.
One of the people instrumental in getting them sent back to Lebanon was Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Matthew Bogdanos, an Iraq war veteran who led the investigation into looting at the national museum in Baghdad during the chaos of the U.S.-led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein.
Outrage at looting there and in Syria, and fear that art trafficking was funding militant groups, has driven countries to work together to stop it, said Bogdanos, who was in Beirut on Friday for a ceremony to unveil the statues.
“It has resulted in greater attention, greater scrutiny and greater resources, all of which we desperately need in order to fight such an entrenched global network,” Bogdanos, whose office has recovered thousands of stolen antiquities in recent years, told Reuters at the ceremony at Beirut's National Museum.
One of the other statues was identified last year by a gallery in Germany, which noticed it on the Art Loss register. The fifth was seized in a container entering Lebanon's port of Tripoli last month.
Archaeologists excavated all the statues in the 1960s and 1970s in Sidon at the Temple of Eshmoun, a god of healing.
They were carved between the sixth and fourth centuries BC, when Lebanon's Phoenician civilisation was ruled by the Persian empire but influenced by Greek art and culture.
One of the statues, a bull's head, was from the capital of a pillar in the temple. The other statues, of youths and children, included one dedicated to the temple by fond relatives in thanks for the recovery from illness of their child.
“HERITAGE IS NOT FOR SALE”
Five ancient sculptures are displayed inside Beirut National Museum in Beirut, Lebanon February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Jamal Saidi
They will be added to the Beirut museum's display of Eshmoun sculptures, which include a complete capital with bull heads facing in each direction and marble statues of babies and children.
Only a handful of more than 500 Eshmoun statues pillaged from the storerooms of Byblos citadel in 1981 have been identified and returned to Lebanon.
“We will put every resource that we have to recover any piece wherever it is and whoever thinks it belongs to him. Our heritage is not for sale,” said Lebanon's Culture Minister Ghattas Khoury.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Like these pieces, items smuggled from Iraq and Syria may stay hidden for decades before traffickers start selling them to collectors.
“It is rare that we would see anything on the market for 10 or 20 or even 30 years, because they do have the patience. They stockpile these pieces,” said Bogdanos.
The international nature of the trade makes it hard to trace them.
“If you would follow the pieces which we have here, there was a kind of ping-pong between Europe, America, Europe again ... it's a globalisation,” said Rolf Stucky, a Swiss archaeologist who registered many of the looted Eshmoun statues on Art Loss in the 1990s, allowing them to be identified now.
But countries now share information and help train authorities, both in the main markets for stolen artefacts and in the regions from which they come.
Lebanon itself has stopped many foreign pieces from being shipped through Beirut, said Ghattas. As a neighbour of Syria, it is a major route for items looted from there.
“In many respects (smugglers) didn't have to be smart in their trafficking behaviour simply because no countries were cooperating enough, were devoting enough resources to stop it,” said Bogdanos.
“That has all changed.”
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A high-level, Topeka-based Veterans Affairs official has been fired following an investigation into inappropriate conduct regarding sexually charged communication.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that former Health Resource Center director Robert Downs received the VA's decision to terminate their employment April 12.
The investigation alleges Downs and a female VA employee exchanged hundreds of salacious chat messages, most made during business hours, for over two years.
The woman was based out of the Asheville, North Carolina, VA Medical Center.
In addition to sexually provocative messages, the two allegedly discussed travel plans to see each other, visiting a strip club together, open marriage and the woman's job prospects at Kansas VA offices.
Downs says the relationship was consensual and no one benefited professionally. But they add they take full responsibility and is ready to move on.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Famous Dave's Of America Inc:
* PW PARTNERS LLC SAYS ON JAN 29, FAMOUS DAVE'S ENTERED STANDBY PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH PW PARTNERS REGARDING PROPOSED NON-TRANSFERABLE RIGHTS OFFERING Source text: (bit.ly/2EyNn8W) Further company coverage:
Beijing/Shanghai
Ford Motor's China joint venture will recall more than half a million vehicles due to brake-related issues, an additional headache for the US carmaker as it faces rising challenges in the world's top auto market.
The recall, which will start from February 25, is linked to issues with materials used for brake hoses that could affect braking distances, China's General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on its website.
The watchdog said Changan Ford, Ford's passenger car joint venture with Chongqing Changan Automobile Co, would recall 371,371 Mondeo models and 195,796 Edge SUVs.
Ford did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The recall follows the sudden resignation of Ford's China chief, Jason Luo, this week after only five months at the helm, a departure that throws a spanner in the automaker's attempts to turn around a sales slump in the market.
Its China sales slid 6 percent last year versus a 3 percent rise for the market overall. Luo was meant to help Ford improve ties with local partners like Changan Automobile.
Toyota Motor Corp, which announced a 24.5 percent jump in its January China sales on Friday, will also recall 181,797 vehicles, the quality watchdog said in a separate statement.—Reuters
DAVIE, Fla. -- The Miami Dolphins' injury woes continue.
Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake had 179 rushing yards and two touchdowns in a limited role last season. Charles Trainor Jr./Miami Herald via AP
In a summer that has already included losing quarterback Ryan Tannehill (knee) and middle linebacker Raekwon McMillan (knee) for the season and starting guard Ted Larsen (bicep) for a significant period, Miami running back Kenyan Drake suffered an apparent head injury in Monday's practice.
Dolphins coach Adam Gase could not confirm immediately after practice whether Drake, a 2016 third-round pick, suffered a concussion. However, Drake took a direct shot to the head and got up very slowly. Trainers helped Drake off the practice field and into the locker room.
More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
Drake was the second running back to suffer a head injury in Miami's training camp. Pro Bowl running back Jay Ajayi suffered a concussion during the first week of camp. Ajayi is practicing, but has not been cleared for contact and remains in the concussion protocol.
Monday's injury leaves Miami thin at running back heading into its second preseason game Thursday against the Baltimore Ravens. Damien Williams likely will start with Ajayi and Drake not expected to play.
Here are some other notes from Monday's practice:
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Alex Louin scored with 43 seconds left and they and Adrianna Hahn made 3 of 5 free throws as No. 22 Villanova held off Big 5 rival Temple 69-65 on Sunday for the Wildcats' best start in 37 years.
Villanova is 9-0 to start a season for the first time since the 1979-80 campaign. Temple (7-3), which led by as many as eight points in the second quarter, cut into a 10-point deficit over the game's last six minutes, coming as close as 64-61 on a Tanaya Atkinson layup with 1:13 remaining. Louden scored after a timeout and the Wildcats held on.
Hahn led Villanova with 19 points, their 39th game in double figures, Louin added 15, Megan Quinn 12 and Jannah Tucker 10.
Atkinson led the Owls with a game-high 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds, their ninth double-double, Mia Davis scored 13 points.
Villanova out-rebounded Temple 49-37, which led to outscoring the Owls 17-4 on second chance points and 30-28 in the paint.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DAKAR, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The Congolese lower house of parliament has adopted a new mining code that will increase taxes and royalties, an aide to the parliament speaker said.
The code had originally been proposed in 2015, but was shelved because of fierce objections from mining companies, which complained that it would put off investment. It now goes to the Senate for another vote. (Reporting by Aaron Ross; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Toby Chopra)
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Just eight weeks after losing an election, former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak was charged on Wednesday with abuse of power and criminal breach of trust in an investigation over billions of dollars missing from a state fund.
Najib pleaded not guilty, but the charges, the first of their kind faced by a Malaysian premier, and their court appearance were the culmination of a swift and stunning downfall for the man who led the country for nearly a decade.
“I believe in my innocence and this is the best chance to clear my name,” Najib told reporters outside the courtroom after being released on bail of 1 million ringgits ($247,000).
Crowds of journalists and onlookers jostled for a glance of Najib, and some of their backers chanted and held up placards in support of a man whose father, Malaysia's second prime minister, is held in high regard.
National television networks broadcast live images of Najib's convoy moving through morning rush-hour traffic to the court in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, an extraordinary spectacle few could have imagined before the May 9 election upset.
Najib thwarted corruption allegations for three years after revelations in 2015 that hundreds of millions of dollars from troubled state fund 1MDB were diverted to their personal accounts.
But their life has unravelled since the election defeat by their one-time mentor and the country's most seasoned politician, Mahathir Mohamad, who returned to the prime minister's office they occupied from 1981 to 2003.
Mahathir reopened an investigation into the fund, 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), and barred Najib from leaving the country. Wednesday's charges fulfilled an election promise to prosecute Najib, whom they called a “thief” during the campaign.
Najib has been charged with abuse of power and three counts of criminal breach of trust, each of the four charges carrying prison terms of up to 20 years. The abuse of power charge also carries a fine of five times the “value of gratification”.
They were ordered to surrender their passports and the judge set the trial for Feb. 18 next year.
Wednesday's charges relate to funds of about 42 million ringgits ($10.4 million) that allegedly went from SRC International, a former 1MDB unit, into Najib's personal bank account.
This represents a small fraction of the $4.5 billion the U.S. Department of Justice has said was misappropriated from 1MDB, which is being investigated in at least six countries on suspicion of money laundering.
Former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak arrives in court in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Malaysia's attorney general indicated there could be more charges in the case as the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission continues its investigations.
SRC has been the initial focus of Malaysian investigators as all the suspicious transactions involving it went through Malaysian entities, unlike other 1MDB-related transactions that went through foreign banks and companies.
The judge imposed a temporary gag order to stop public discussion of the case. Najib's lawyers have said their client has been dragged through a trial by the media.
FAMILY QUESTIONED
Najib entered parliament at 23 and attained the top job in 2009, setting up 1MDB shortly after, but their second term in office was plagued by allegations about the fund.
Mahathir, who helped Najib's political ascent before turning on them as the accusations surfaced, led a campaign to unseat him, appealing to voters' disgust with a government apparently mired in corruption.
Mahathir told Reuters last month that embezzlement and bribery using government money were among the charges being considered against Najib, adding that their former protege was fully responsible for the 1MDB scandal.
Since the election loss, investigators have seized luxury handbags, jewellery and other items worth nearly $275 million from properties linked to Najib's family.
Their wife Rosmah Mansor and stepson Riza Aziz have also been questioned. Riza is the co-founder of Red Granite Pictures, a company U.S. prosecutors say financed three Hollywood films, including the 2013 Martin Scorsese movie “The Wolf of Wall Street”, with funds misappropriated from 1MDB.
Najib must be held accountable, said Anwar Ibrahim, the prime-minister-in-waiting and former opposition leader.
“Because of the allegations against them regarding 1MDB, they must be held accountable in court,” Anwar told reporters in neighbouring Indonesia.
In a pre-recorded message posted on Twitter after their arrest on Tuesday, Najib said they were not perfect and “not all the accusations against me and my family are true.”
($1=4.0440 ringgit)
Slideshow (4 Images)
What was already shaping up as a memorable week for running back Saquon Barkley moved to another level on Tuesday, when they and girlfriend Anna Congdon celebrated the birth of their first child.
Barkley posted a photo on Instagram Tuesday night of Jada Clare Barkley, saying they didn't have the words to describe how they were feeling.
On March 17, Congdon shared their pregnancy via Instagram, and Barkley shared their excitement with reporters three days later at Penn State's pro day. They said the baby's due date was April 14 and the couple didn't know the baby's gender in advance.
"I'm excited. Some people aren't even blessed with the opportunity to have kids, and I'm able to have one," they said. "I'm truly excited to be a father."
Barkley is expected to be among the top five players selected in Thursday night's NFL draft.
BREITBART – JOHN BINDER
Middle Eastern refugees coming to the United States from Australia as part of an Obama-era deal that President Trump has failed to shutter will need “mental healthcare” treatment, according to a recent report.
Former President Obama signed the Australian-U.S. refugee deal during their last months in office — promising to take 1,250 Middle Eastern refugees off Australia's hands.
The refugees – who are mostly adult males – are being held in detention centers on Manus Island and Nauru Island in Australia. Despite Trump's original statement calling the deal “a dumb deal,” the president has now broken two long-promised campaign pledges: Throwing out deals that don't benefit Americans and stopping the flow of foreign refugees.
As Breitbart News reported, roughly 50 foreign refugees have already been resettled in the U.S., with the other 1,200 are expected to follow soon after.
The Meghan Markle Effect is alive and well. Every single time that they step out, people are dying to know what she's wearing and where to get it. That might leave you wondering if Meghan Markle pays for their own clothing. Well, according to People, the once-actor isn't on the royal budget just yet, but they will be soon.
Markle is constantly stepping out in gorgeous jackets, dresses, and must-have bags. Apparently, the soon-to-be royal calls all the sartorial shots. According to numerous publications, Markle and Prince Harry pay for all of their clothing themselves. In short, the royals are just like you — just richer.
Every single item from the gorgeous jacket that they wore to announce their engagement to the purses that can't seem to stay in stock is paid for completely by Markle. Yes, that even includes the mesh-topped gown that they wore for their engagement photos. You know, the one that's not even actually available to purchase online.
It goes a little bit further than that though. According to People, Markle isn't allowed to take clothing for free form designers. That means that every single item that you see them in public wearing was bought by them — from the mix-and-match earrings to their stunning pumps that matched Kate Middleton's.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
That all changes as soon as Markle and Prince Harry get married though. According to People, once the two wed, Markle's clothing will be paid for from the allowance that Prince Charles gives to Prince William and Harry as well as Kate Middleton. The three of them get a cool $28 million to play around with. There's no word if the total will go up when Markle joins the family or if she'll just get a cut of what's already there.
There's a good chance that Markle's wardrobe might change slightly when they use royal money to get dressed in the morning. The soon-to-be royal has been wearing some rule-breaking outfits for their first few months in the spotlight. That's not just fashion rules, but royal rules. There are certain things that royals can and cannot wear in public, and Markle broke a few of those.
For instance, Markle didn't wear stockings with their dress to announce their engagement. They also carried the wrong type of handbag on their first royal outing. Markle has also worn their hair in a messy bun twice, which is against royal ruling. This might be because they are trying to blend their current wardrobe with their new sartorial styling.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
As soon as Markle becomes an official part of the royal family, their fashion habits will likely change as well. Say goodbye to the days of going out shopping or adding items to an online cart. She'll have someone to do it for them
According to People, Middleton's assistant "call[s] in several options from designers. After they have chosen an outfit, the others are returned and the one that is worn is paid for." The publication states that the shopping tactics will likely be the same for Markle.
It will be interesting to see if the once-actores' style changes after they get married. Markle loves their high-end designers and is often on top of trends — like their mesh engagement dress and mix-and0match earrings. While they have given up shorts and worn longer dresses since seeing Prince Harry, there's a good chance that their style will keep evolving.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Of course, that leave one big fashion statement to be made — their wedding dress. Not only will the be the end of their completely self-chosen outfits, but it will also be a style that's remembered forever. Mark your calendars for May 19, because this is a bigger fashion moment than you might think.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
An Arkansas prosecutor investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a hot tub wants Amazon to turn over data from an Amazon Echo, like this one, that was in the home where the crime occurred. (Associated Press File)
In a 2011 appearance in Scranton, physicist Michio Kaku predicted that computer power will be like electricity — just about everywhere, a routine part of the environment.
One early manifestation of that world is the generation of voice-commanded home devices that can control appliances and lighting and instantly conduct searches or play music.
The devices add to the growing uncertainty over privacy and government access to the data that digital devices gather as a matter of course.
In Bentonville, Arkansas, last week, police asked Amazon for all of the recordings made by one of its Echo home computer assistants for two days in November 2015. The device, which responds to the name “Alexa,” was present in a Bentonville home when a guest of the owner was found dead, floating in a hot tub. James Andrew Bates has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge in the death of Victor Collins. Police want to know if the device recorded anything relevant in the time frame of Mr. Collins' death.
Amazon has declined on the justifiable grounds that the request is overly broad.
The case echoes police efforts to force Apple to provide the pass code for an iPhone belonging to one of the terrorists involved in the Dec. 1, 2015, mass shooting in San Bernardino, California.
As computers become even more ubiquitous, courts need to establish standards for police access to the data that devices collect. That standard should require the same level of detail that police must present as probable cause when seeking warrants for other types of evidence.
Legislatively Speaking
By Senator, Lena C. Taylor
A while ago, I joined my Democratic colleagues on the state and federal level in expressing concerns about last year's Federal Communications Commission (FCC) decision to repeal Net Neutrality rules. However, aside from the obvious reasons for alarm, I am also anxious about how this issue impacts social justice movements like #MeToo and #BlackLivesMatter.
The concept of net neutrality is that all searches on the internet should be treated the same and bars internet service providers from blocking, slowing, or giving preferential treatment to certain online sites, services or content. With the internet becoming such a household staple and commonly used public resource, the Obama administration believed we needed to treat it like other forms of telecommunications that have safeguards to protect free and open access to the public.
This week, a majority of the United States Senate agreed. In taking up a vote to repeal the FCC's net neutrality rule changes, a bi-partisan group of federal legislators are trying to stop new rules put in place by the Trump administration from taking effect on June 12th. However, the Senate vote may be largely symbolic, as few expect Republicans in the U.S House of Representatives to even take up the measure. But make no mistake, this is a hugely important issue.
Net Neutrality ensures that the internet remains free and accessible in this country, with increased transparency that treats all content equally on the internet. However, Trump's rules changes could result in groups that want to suppress sites dedicated to women's rights, like #MeToo, censor or suppress these views on the internet. Women have been able to bypass male dominated industry “gatekeepers” and get their message out with a simple Facebook post. Whether making a public statement or organizing a rally, we have clearly seen the impact of unfettered access to the internet. It is not impossible to imagine broadband providers favoring some content and slowing or blocking others that they find controversial.
Without doubt, social justice movements like #BlackLivesMatter found their voice, amplified their message and elevated their cause in great part through the use of social media. It took traditional media a long time to catch up to their calls for equity in treatment, while they were reaching millions around the world via the internet.
Additionally, Net Neutrality was meant to prevent large corporations from blocking access to certain websites and charging users higher rates to use what are called internet “fast lanes”. It was understood that we needed to create a level playing field for local businesses and small start-ups to allow them to compete in the global economy. Trump's actions will likely hurt everyday Wisconsin entrepreneurs.
Given these concerns, there are states that are now drafting bills to create their own Net Neutrality protection legislation. Like the state of New York, I am exploring a bill to require state contracts only be awarded to internet service providers that are compliant with net neutrality guidelines. We have an obligation to protect our residents when the federal government won't.
Neymar feels 'more alive than ever' after sparkling PSG bow
With a goal and an assist on their PSG debut, Neymar was feeling "more alive than ever" after leaving Barcelona.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 03:51 IST
Neymar scores on their PSG debut
Neymar felt vindicated in their decision to leave Barcelona after beginning their Paris Saint-Germain career in sensational fashion with a goal and an assist on their debut on Sunday.
All eyes were on the Brazilian superstar following their world-record €222million move from Camp Nou but they coped admirably with the pressure as PSG ran out comfortable 3-0 winners at Guingamp to continue their 100 per cent start to the Ligue 1 season.
PSG took the lead through Jordan Ikoko's inexplicable own goal, before Neymar laid on the second for Edinson Cavani with a penetrating throughball.
Cavani returned the favour eight minutes from time, setting up their new team-mate for a simple tap-in to round off a wholly satisfying outing for Neymar, who felt they had silenced those who questioned their decision to leave LaLiga.
"I am very serene. I knew it would be very difficult to leave Barça, but I am very happy to be here," they told Canal+.
"People think that leaving Barça is to die, but no, it's the opposite: I'm more alive than ever.
"I play, I'm very happy, and football is the same. Only the country, the city and the team change, but football is the same.
"I am very happy with the [man of the match] trophy, but the main thing was to win.
"The team played well, we did a great game, we are very happy with this game and goals, but the most important is the victory."
Neymar felt they had gelled well with their new colleagues, after lining up on the left of a front three alongside Cavani and Angel Di Maria.
"I already knew they [Cavani] was a great player. I saw them from afar, and now I am with him," Neymar added. "We try to get to know each other better, but the first game was a success.
"He's a great player, and when you have such players it's easy. It's easy to play with Di Maria, [Marco] Verratti, [Thiago] Motta, Daniel [Alves], with all those who are there."
WASHINGTON — White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that President Trump's criticism of Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger following the cancellation of “Roseanne” was “simply pointing out the bias” and “pointing to the hypocrisy in the media.”
Earlier on Wednesday, Trump, in their first comments on the demise of the show and star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet, wrote that “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
It was not immediately clear what comments Trump was referring to that were spoken on ABC.
But Sanders, reading from written remarks, told reporters, “Where was Bob Iger's apology to the White House staff for Jemele Hill calling the president and anyone associated with them a white supremacist? To Christians around the world for Joy Behar calling Christianity a ‘mental illness'? Where was the apology for Kathy Griffin for going on a profane rant against the president on ‘The View' after a photo showed them holding President Trump's decapitated head? And where was the apology from Bob Iger for hiring Keith Olbermann, after their numerous expletive laced tweets attacking the president as a Nazi, and even expanding Olbermann's role after that attack against the president's family.”
“This is a double standard the president is speaking about. No one is defending them comments. They are inappropriate, but that is the point that they were making.”
Meanwhile, Roseanne continued to defend themselves on Wednesday, writing on Twitter, “I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
RELATED VIDEO:
(Reuters) - Hosts Al Jazira edged past Asian champions Urawa Red Diamonds 1-0 in Abu Dhabi on Saturday to set up a Club World Cup semi-final clash with favourites Real Madrid.
Soccer Football - FIFA Club World Cup - Al Jazira vs Urawa Red Diamonds - Zayed Sports City Stadium, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates - December 9, 2017 Al Jazira's Ahmed Rabee, Salem Rashid and Salem Ali Ibrahim celebrate at the end of the match REUTERS/Matthew Childs
The Japanese side had 65 percent possession but it was Ali Mabkhout who scored the winner seven minutes after halftime in the first all-Asian clash for a final four spot since 2010.
Earlier, Mexico's Pachuca needed extra time to overcome Wydad Casablanca and book their semi-final place against Brazil's Gremio.
Victor Guzman headed in after 112 minutes against the Moroccans, who were left with 10 men after Brahim Nakach was sent off in the 69th minute.
Connect Rail Services Limited (CRSL) is a rail haulage, infrastructure and logistics support firm created to champion the active utilization of existing and new rail infrastructure for the movement of products across Nigeria and West Africa by forming strategic alliances and working with the best professionals and technology in the industry.
We are recruiting to fill the following positions below in Lagos State:
CLICK HERE TO VIEW JOB DETAILS AND APPLY
Moreland gets the lion's share of backup center time, playing in 22 of the Pistons' 26 games this season. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr. / Detroit News)
Eric Moreland read the play coming and did everything right.
Celtics guard Kyrie Irving was looking to drive to the paint and Moreland stepped over and helped, then got back to their man after Irving passed. When the ball drive came from the other side of the court, Moreland moved over again and altered a shot, grabbing the rebound.
It was about as solid a defensive possession as one could expect from Moreland, a Pistons' reserve center.
On the next Celtics possession, Moreland rotated over late and couldn't defend Marcus Smart getting to the rim and dunking easily.
It's the state of the position at backup center now, as Moreland and Boban Marjanovic platoon as the backup to Andre Drummond.
Moreland gets the lion's share, playing in 22 of the Pistons' 26 games this season. He's finding ways to contribute — with four rebounds, two assists, two steals and two blocks on Sunday — but he hasn't made a huge impact on the offensive end, going just 11-of-22 on field goals this season.
“Eric played well,” coach Stan Van Gundy said. “The decision to play with Boban was (because we struggled offensively).”
It's rare to have both Moreland and Marjanovic playing in the same game, but what Moreland doesn't give on the offensive end, Marjanovic provides a formidable force with their 7-foot-4 frame.
In just five minutes Sunday, Marjanovic had just two points on one missed shot attempt, but hit a pair of free throws.
Van Gundy looked to Marjanovic for an offensive spark when nothing else seemed to work, but that also requires cooperation from the rest of the offense.
“I've been disappointed with our guys because I don't think we're doing a good job when they come in the game of shifting gears and looking for him,” Van Gundy said. “We played right around them three or four times in their stretch and we're not looking for him.
“When they come in the game, he's got to get the ball.”
In 14 minutes against the Warriors, they managed 10 points, on 5-of-8 shooting, and added four rebounds, forcing Golden State to match up with their size, to counter their fast-paced style.
It's a far cry from Aron Baynes — who signed with the Celtics in the offseason — and was a reliable backup for two seasons, with 5.6 points and 4.6 rebounds. It's turned into a shared role for both Moreland and Marjanovic — and it's still a work in progress.
With Jon Leuer out because of an ankle injury, those are the only options, with Marjanovic getting a longer look in the last two games.
“We're not down on Eric by any means; he's done well and when we get Jon back, that could affect things too,” Van Gundy said.
“We'll look for situations where we think it's a good time for him. They played well (against the Warriors).”
Adjusting to Luke
As Luke Kennard gets more comfortable, he's getting more serious playing time and is up to 6.2 points, with 39 percent on 3-pointers.
Some of it is a comfort level by playing more minutes; another piece is just getting used to the speed, size and pace of the NBA game.
“I thought early on, Luke was passing up a lot of shots. People are bigger and close harder,” Van Gundy said. “It took them a while to adjust to understanding when they had time to get the shot off and when they didn't. Early in the year, they almost never thought they had time with big guys closing hard.”
Role reversal
Van Gundy decided to finish Sunday's game with Ish Smith at point guard and Kennard at forward down the stretch, over Reggie Jackson and Stanley Johnson. It was mostly just a rough night for the regular starters, which Van Gundy recognized.
“Ish was giving us better energy and Reggie was playing hard and getting good shots,” they said. “When I go back and look at their nine shots, I'll probably like all of them.
“Stanley actually played well; it's just the way (the Celtics) played, staying in the lane.”
Rod.Beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
Nuggets
at Pistons
Tipoff: 7 tonight, Little Caesars Arena, Detroit
TV/radio: FSD/WXYT
Outlook: The Nuggets (14-12) have lost three of their last four and will be without Nikola Jokic (ankle), in addition to Paul Millsap (wrist).
Dec 10 (Reuters) - BAHRAIN KUWAIT INSURANCE CO:
* BOARD PROPOSES PAID-UP CAPITAL INCREASE TO 14.3 MILLION DINARS FROM 7.2 MILLION DINARS THROUGH BONUS SHARE ISSUE‍​
* BOARD PROPOSES AUTHORIZED CAPITAL INCREASE TO 20 MILLION DINARS FROM 10 MILLION DINARS Source: (bit.ly/2yVzsJ1) Further company coverage: )
A male cyclist has suffered head and facial injuries after being involved in a crash with a van yesterday evening (Wednesday June 14).
West Midlands Ambulance Service were called to the scene at the junction of High Street and Bridge Street at 6.30pm.
Two ambulances, a paramedic officer and a helicopter from Warwickshire and Northamptonshire Air Ambulance were sent, which landed in Abbey Fields.
A spokesperson for the service said: “The male was found with facial and head injuries. They aren't wearing a cycle helmet.
“He was not fully conscious, and doctors anaesthetised them at the scene.
“He was taken by land ambulance with a doctor on board to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire.”
The cyclist's condition is currently unknown.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has scrapped the 20 percent sugar export tax, a government source said on Tuesday, to help boost overseas sales in a surplus year of production.
FILE PHOTO: A labourer carries a sack filled with sugar in a store at a wholesale market in Kolkata, India, February 15, 2016. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/File Photo
Last week Reuters reported that India, the world's biggest consumer of sugar, would axe the export tax on the sweetener and then make it compulsory for mills to export 2-3 million tonnes to cut bulging stocks at home.
The country is likely to produce a record 29.5 million tonnes of sugar in the 2017/18 season that ends on Sept. 30, up 45 percent from the previous year, hammering local prices down by more than 15 percent in the past six months.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Eversource Energy:
* SAYS ‍ON FEBRUARY 1, 2018, NEW HAMPSHIRE SITE EVALUATION COMMITTEE VOTED TO DENY NORTHERN PASS' SITING APPLICATION​
* SAYS INTENDS TO SEEK RECONSIDERATION OF SITE EVALUATION COMMITTEE​'S DECISION & TO REVIEW ALL OPTIONS FOR MOVING PROJECT FORWARD - SEC FILING Source text: (bit.ly/2DUT97K) Further company coverage:
A ship rides on the the tracks of the Katy slipway on the Elblag Canal in Katy, Poland August 10, 2017. Picture taken August 10, 2017.
ELBLAG, Poland (Reuters) - It is a tram or a train? Neither, it's a boat.
Pleasure craft using Poland's Elblag Canal can appear to be seen as sailing through grassy plains as they follow tracks on land in an unusual solution for dealing with elevation on the waterway.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The canal, approximately 240km (150 miles) north of Warsaw, uses a system of five inclined planes between its lakes, which are too steep to be navigated using locks.
Rail tracks run carriages to transport the boats.
The difference in elevation between the lowest and highest level is almost 100 metres (330 feet). The biggest plane has a rise of 21 metres and is 262 metres long; the smallest a rise of 13 metres.
Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia commissioned the 80 km-long canal system, including the on land bit, to connect what was then East Prussia to the Baltic Sea.
It took 16 years to build and was completed in 1860. It was used to transport wood that was used in ships' masts. It is now used exclusively for tourism.
HERE'S another one you can delete from your in-box. It might look all official at first but don't be fooled, Coffs Harbour City Council does not email parking infringements.
Council's Facebook page is warning locals to disregard and delete any email alleging to be from them requesting payment for parking fines.
As stated in their post, "If you receive an email claiming to be an infringement notice from Coffs Harbour City Council, please delete it. This is a scam. Council never sends infringement notices or follow-ups via email.”
DELETE: Coffs Harbour City Council does not email parking fines. Wendy Andrews
And if the wording on the email doesn't arouse your suspicions the dollar amount for the penalty should - "$30 for parking longer than permitted.” We wish. The penalty for parking continuously for longer than permitted, and parking without a valid ticket in NSW as determined by the RMS is up around $100.
For more information on current scam alerts visit here
Lawyer and former model Alessandra de Osma was a stunning bride when they tied the knot to Prince Christian of Hanover this weekend, wearing a long-sleeved lace gown by Spanish fashion designer Jorge Vazquéz for their nuptials in Lima, Peru.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Perhaps what made their bridal look even more impressive was its similarities to another royal wedding dress: Kate Middleton's. Though the Duchess of Cambridge wore a custom Alexander McQueen design with a deep-V neckline when they wed Prince William in 2011, there are stark similarities between the two dresses.
Getty Images
Both dresses featured an opaque sweetheart bodice and sheer white lace on the chest and sleeves. De Osma's gown, however, featured a see-through overlay on the whole dress, while Middleton's lace detailing stopped at their hips and picked up again at the hem.
The dresses also boasted enormous trains, and both brides needed special assistance to keep them from dragging on the ground. Two women, including Prince Christian's half-sister Princess Alexandra, carried de Osma's train as their father escorted them to the church.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Kate's younger sister Pippa had their famous bridesmaid moment when they carried the bride's train while entering Westminster Abbey.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Their gowns were equally gorgeous from the back, too.
Getty Images
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Then, there were the tiaras. De Osma donned the Hanover Floral Tiara, a headpiece with diamond-encrusted flowers and an heirloom of the House of Hanover. In recent history, it has previously been worn by Princess Caroline of Hanover (formerly Princess Caroline of Monaco) at a gala in 2004, and Ekaterina Malysheva (Prince Ernst August Jr. of Hanover's wife and de Osma's sister-in-law) at their own wedding last year.
Getty Images
Middleton wore a Cartier halo tiara, borrowed from the Queen, who first received the jewels on their 18th birthday, GoodHousekeeping.com reports. Although the piece lacked the height of the Hanoverian tiara, it still consisted of more than a thousand diamonds.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Like Middleton's dress, de Osma's bridal look also drew similarities to Grace Kelly's, which featured a high neckline and sheer lace detailing. The actor-turned-princess has close ties to the bride's in-laws: the late Kelly's daughter, Princess Caroline of Hanover, is the stepmother of de Osma's now-husband, Prince Christian. Princess Caroline wed Christian's father, Prince Ernst August of Hanover, in 1999, but the two are now estranged.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As we await the next royal wedding marked on our calendars—Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's on May 19—we wonder if the bride-to-be will also pay tribute to another famous royal with their dress of choice.
396: How Someone With No Prior MLM Experience Built A Global Empire by Luciano Fidalgo
By Simon Chan
Force yourself to do the things that you don't want to do in order to create an impact in your life. Luciano Fidalgo shows us that when you sign up someone new into your business, it becomes your responsibility to help them become successful. Also, why you can't help others without helping yourself first.
Here's your chance to finally own my most treasured collection of network marketing training… Reports, Checklists, and Implementation guides. Literally everything I use to grow and operate my network marketing business.
Who is Luciano Fidalgo?
Luciano Fidalgo has been in network marketing for over 30 years and has developed a group of more than 100,000 associates in over 20 countries.
He's earned millions in lifetime commissions and has helped dozens of associates earn over 6 figures. Luciano has also traveled to over 70+ countries doing trainings for different teams.
Must Read Book
Beyond Positive Thinking by Dr. Robert Anthony
Skill With People by Les Giblin
The Magic of Thinking Big by Dr. David J. Schwartz
Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill
Recommended Online App
Dropbox
Recommended Prospecting Tool
Local: Coffee shop
Non-local: Zoom or on the phone
Contact Info
Lucianofidalgo.com
Facebook
What Did You Learn?
Thanks for joining me on the show.
So what did you learn?
If you enjoyed this episode please share it on social media and send it to someone that needs extra motivation in their MLM business.
Do you have any thoughts or comments?
Please take 60 seconds to leave an HONEST review for the MLM Nation Podcast on iTunes.
Ratings and reviews are extremely important for me to make this show better.
Finally, don't forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes so that you get updates and new episodes downloaded to your phone automatically.
Click Here to Subscribe via iTunes
Click here to Subscribe via Stitcher
Click Here to Subscribe via RSS (non-iTunes feed)
The post 396: How Someone With No Prior MLM Experience Built A Global Empire by Luciano Fidalgo appeared first on MLM Nation: Network Marketing Training | Prospecting | Lead Generation | Leadership | Duplication | Motivation.
Source:: http://mlmnation.net/396-luciano-fidalgo/
On the fourth episode of “American Idol” auditions, country icon Kenny Rogers made a cameo appearance — in the form of advice learned and dispensed by judge Lionel Richie: “In pop music, you hit the right notes, while in country music you hit the real notes.”
Alas, plenty of wrong notes were also struck in one of the funniest episodes of the “Idol” reboot season. It was also the cutest show so far as birthday girl Katy Perry was surprised by fellow judges Richie, Luke Bryan and host Ryan Seacrest with cake and puppies. They were even gifted with a dress worn by a contestant and serenaded by another, earning the easiest Golden Ticket in “Idol” history. Plus, a girl born on the date of the original “American Idol” premiere in 2002 — Victoria McQueen — felt the birthday love with a shiny ticket of their own.
There were real notes, too, with stories and auditions that ranged from heartbreaking to inspiring as the episode jumped cities, from New Orleans to Nashville, Los Angeles and New York.
The hilarity came early in the show courtesy of Adriana Bolton, this generation's answer to Mariah Carey. Well, at least when they hit the famed “whistle tone,” exasperating Richie who notes they aren't sure exactly what he's judging. The setup for Bolton was classic “Idol” — soundtracked by Demi Lovato's “Confident” but oozing in awfulness. Ditto for a guy who had to spell out their last name as a dog pooped on the floor. The moment prompted Perry to whip out their phone while dragging out the poor stage hands armed with Lysol to disinfect the joint. Another male hopeful didn't even bother to tune their guitar. Good thing they had a pro in the house — judge Luke Bryan — to oblige with a freebie worth about “$50,000,” joked Perry.
Related Justin Timberlake, Maroon 5, Luke Bryan, More Join Verizon's Rewards Program for Fan ‘Experiences' 'American Idol' Recap: 'Easy' Like Sunday Evening as Lionel Richie Takes Charge
But make no mistake: Nashville is Bryan's turf, and they seemed determined to find talent in the city that first welcomed them to Music Row. Bryan was tougher in their judging on Monday night — questioning vocals and genuinely straddling the fence on several contestants. As a variety of contestants are shown the door, including “The Voice” season 11 alum Johnny Rez and nuanced vocal teacher Britney Holmes, vocal prowess is clearly not enough.
Who did snag a golden ticket? Deep-voiced goat farmer Trevor McBane, who brought along their 81-year-old Nana for good luck (the grandmothers this season are amazing) and sailed through after a raw take on “Colder Weather” by Zac Brown Band.
Another unvarnished performance came by way of 18-year-old Genavieve Linkowski, one of ten kids in their family, who impressed at the piano with a breathy cover of “I Won't Give Up” by Jason Mraz and received a (somewhat ridiculous) comparison to Celine Dion by Richie.
Kenedee Rittenhouse of Checotah, Oklahoma came in with what seemed like a built-in “Idol” pedigree — not only is they from Carrie Underwood's hometown, they actually sang a duet with the season four winner, then auditioned with “I Told You So,” Underwood's duet with Randy Travis. It's here where Bryan begins to show their judging chops, leaning towards a “no” vote until Perry made them sing the chorus of “Firework.” Rittenhouse has pitch issues which could be exposed in Hollywood, but they earn a ticket anyway.
“Chill bumps” came courtesy of 22-year-old Alabama boy Brandon Elder. Adopted by a single mom after being abandoned by their birth mother, Elder was heartbroken when they were diagnosed with breast cancer, and only began singing one year ago as a way to serenade them at their bedside. Strapping on a guitar, Elder delivered the sweetest two-chord original song, “Gone,” which Bryan says is “magically from the heart.” While Elder obviously needs help in the vocal department, they are already a winner.
The show continues with tickets awarded to legal assistant Dominique, who impresses with Donny Hathaway's “A Song for You,” prompting Perry to predict that their job in a law office is not where their future career lies.
An interesting contender for the top 12 is found at the New York auditions in 28-year old Amalia Watty, who performs “To Make You Feel My Love” by Bob Dylan with a Macy Gray vibe as they pluck at their guitar. Also impressive is 22-year old Daniel Ethridge, who doubles down with a Chris Stapleton cover of “Fire Away” and an original song. And 20-year-old Somathias certainly looks the part of an Idol and shows promise at the piano. We'll see how their hair holds up in the heat of Hollywood.
Two sisters enter for an audition that has the makings of a disaster. Younger sis Taryn Coccia, 17, and their 20-year-old sibling Payton come in for what is initially Taryn's audition. While Payton accompanies Taryn – a former Jersey girl who now sings at the Nashville airport—on a Jessie J song, Perry decides Payton embodies all the aspects of a rock star, and faster than you can say Nick Fradiani or Colton Dixon, Payton is the recipient of a Golden Ticket. Them sister, however, is heavily critiqued by Bryan. Perry sheepishly offers a “yes” vote even though they are clearly unsure if it's the right call. Richie seals the deal as both girls emerge victorious. You can see the Hollywood drama just around the corner.
Closing out the show was 28-year-old Marcio Donaldson from Compton, California (pictured at top), who grew up in a neighborhood where kids didn't live to see their 13th birthday. They ended up in the foster system and after their sister, a drug addict, had a baby, Donaldson adopted the boy to keep them out of harm's way. As they walked into the room and is praised a good “human” by Perry, they put everything they had into Labyrinth's “Jealous,” and hit the right note with Bryan. Said the country star: “Your voice is a real voice.”
Auditions will wrap next Sunday, March 25. The Hollywood Week episodes are set to begin the following night, March 26. “American Idol” airs Sunday and Monday nights at 8 p.m. EST on ABC.
Washington
US and European officials late on Sunday called for Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg to explain how personal information about tens of millions of users ended up in the hands of a data analysis firm that worked for US President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign – without the permission or knowledge of the vast majority of those affected.
News reports about Facebook's role in the aggressive form of data collection also have raised serious questions about whether the company violated a landmark consent decree with a federal watchdog agency designed to prevent privacy violations.—Agencies
The Royal Canadian Legion in Melfort is bringing back a popular fundraiser.
This Saturday, April 28, The Beef, Beans and Beer Night will feature food, fun and fellowship to fundraise for replacing the Legion's front step and heating system
Tickets will be available at the Chase the Ace at the Legion Hall on Thursday, April 26.
The Legion has had to make some roof repairs recently on their hall in the historical former SaskTel building at 101 McLeod Avenue East.
The Legion is important to Melfort and according to Graham the Legion Hall, the location of the fundraiser, is also a cost effective option for community events.
The menu includes a specially prepared roast beef. The meal also includes homemade beans, coleslaw, buns and a selection of condiments. With each ticket the Legion also throws in one bar ticket.
The event is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. on April 28 at the Legion Hall, with the lounge being open from 4 p.m. until 9 p.m.
Tickets are $20 and for more information contact Jim Graham of the Legion at 306-275-2051 or 206-921-4222.
Allied Energy aims to help consumers save money in the long-run by providing battery-charged solar panels.
The 12-year-old, Carlsbad-based business has both solar and electrical contracting licenses but specializes in solar + battery storage, said JP Engh, vice president of marketing for Allied Energy.
They said the company has installed more solar + storage systems than any other business in San Diego.
They added the zero-down financing system takes homes “off the grid” for a monthly payment that ends up being lower than their electric bills. A home with a $200-per-month electric bill prior to solar + storage, for example, could have a $10-per-month electric bill and a $160-per-month loan payment after installation, Engh said.
They said the use of batteries is important particularly in San Diego because more than 100,000 homes in San Diego Gas & Electric territory have solar — the most of any utility in the United States — but only a few of those systems countywide also have batteries.
The batteries charge through the solar panels during the day, Engh explained. The homes then run off the batteries when the sun goes down, allowing for “essentially off-grid operation.”
"SDG&E time-of-use rates coming in December 2017 will make battery storage a must-have in order to continue maximizing savings on your electric bill," Engh said. "Your home will run off the battery during the peak hours of 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. instead of buying peak-priced electricity from the grid during that time."
They added that batteries also provide protection against power outages, and only homes with batteries will remain powered during an outage.
"This is especially important to homeowners who want to keep the lights on if there is a fire, earthquake or other natural disaster in the region," they said.
For more information about Allied Energy and a cost estimate, visit www.alliedenergy-us.com or call 858-361-7257. Location: 2105 Camino Vida Roble in Carlsbad.
– Business spotlights are developed through this newspaper's advertising department in support of our advertisers.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): Renowned London-based
Pakistani-origin Opera Singer Saira Peter would make Sufi Opera
albums of the poetry of other Sufi saints of Pakistan.
They recently launched their debut album Resplendent World's
First Sufi Opera Album featuring the poetry of Shah Abdul Latif
Bhittai. The music of the Album was composed by Paul Knight.
Saira Peter told APP that “she wants to translate Sufi poetry
for Western music so they can understand,”.
They had planned to promote the message of peace, love and
brotherhood through the poetry of Sufis among people.
They selected opera music to spread this message in
Europe also.
CARTOON character Peppa Pig has been blamed for contributing to patients' unrealistic expectations of what they can expect from their GP.
A general practitioner, writing in the BMJ, also suggested the TV show aimed at preschoolers could be encouraging inappropriate use of services.
Dr Catherine Bell said they have often wondered why some patients immediately attempt to consult their GP about minor ailments, and as the mother of a toddler who is an avid watcher of the series, they write that they think they have discovered the answer.
Among the characters on the show is Dr Brown Bear, a GP who works alone and also appears to provide their patients with an excellent service, prompt and direct telephone access, continuity of care, extended hours, and a low threshold for home visits. In the tongue-in-cheek piece, they offer a number of case studies and considers the potential impact Dr Brown Bear's actions could have on patient behaviour. In the first, Dr Brown Bear makes an urgent home visit to a three-year-old piglet with a facial rash.
They reassure the parents it is “nothing serious” and offers a dose of medicine, adding that the rash is likely to clear up quickly regardless.
This case questions whether Dr Brown Bear is an unscrupulous private practitioner for conducting an arguably clinically inappropriate home visit, writes Dr Bell.
“It is also an example of unnecessary prescribing for a viral illness, and encourages patients to attempt to access their GP inappropriately,” they add.
Dr Bell, who is based in Sheffield, also writes of how Dr Brown Bear makes an emergency visit to the playgroup after a three-year-old pony coughs three times.
After examining the patient, they administer a dose of medicine immediately and warns that the cough could be transmitted to others.
When the rest of the playgroup attendees and their parents develop symptoms, they are all given a dose of a pink medicine.
Peppa Pig is broadcast in more than 180 countries, meaning that the way primary care is portrayed is likely to be influential to many people all over the world, writes Dr Bell.
While Peppa Pig conveys many positive public health messages, such as encouraging healthy eating, exercise, and road safety, they suspect that “exposure to Peppa Pig and its portrayal of general practice raises patient expectation.
The management of Dangote Cement Plc has disclosed that the success it achieved in the issuance of the N50 billion Series 1 and 2 Notes under its 150 billion Commercial Paper Programmes was mainly because of its market-leading positions in Nigeria and across Sub-Saharan Africa, where demand for cement is growing rapidly.
Group Chief Executive Officer of the company, Mr Joseph Makoju, made this disclosure in a statement issued by the cement manufacturer.
On June 27, 2018, Dangote Cement Africa's largest cement producer, announced its N50 billion Series 1 and 2 Notes to be listed on Nigeria's FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange on July 19, 2018.
It said funds raised in the Commercial Paper (CP) Programme would be used for capital expenditure, working capital and general corporate purposes.
“This landmark transaction is the largest-ever Commercial Paper issuance by a corporate issuer in Nigeria. It allows us to broaden our sources of funding and combine established bank lines of credit with access to capital market funding, which will lower our overall cost of borrowing.
“The success of this programme reflects the high quality of our business and its strong cash generation, made possible by our market-leading positions in Nigeria and across Sub-Saharan Africa, where demand for cement is growing rapidly,” Mr Makoju commented on the development.
Business Post gathered that Dangote Cement was advised by Stanbic IBTC Capital Limited as Sole Arranger and Dealer with Stanbic IBTC Bank PLC as the Issuing Calculation and Paying Agent, Banwo & Ighodalo as Legal Counsel and Deloitte as Auditors to the Issuer.
In message to Trump, London to screen Iranian Oscar nominee
London's mayor says the British capital will hold a free outdoor screening of an Academy Award-nominated Iranian film whose director scrapped plans to attend the Oscars because of President Donald Trump's travel ban.
Mayor Sadiq Khan said Tuesday that Asghar Farhadi's “The Salesman” will play in Trafalgar Square on Oscars day, Feb. 26, to celebrate London “as an international hub of creativity and as a beacon of diversity.”
“The Salesman” is nominated for best foreign-language film.
After Trump temporarily barred citizens of Iran and six other majority Muslim nations last month, Farhadi said they would not attend the ceremony even if an exception were made. The ban has since been suspended by US courts.
Farhadi calls the London screening “a symbol of unity against the division and separation of people.” (AP)
Basic education minister Angie Motshekga has called for disciplinary action to be taken against teachers who allowed pupils to expose their buttocks and breasts in a school choir competition.
A video of the choristers caused outrage after it was circulated on social media‚ Daily Dispatch reported. Premier Phumulo Masualle has also called for an investigation into the event‚ which took place in Mthatha on Friday.
A teacher dismissed the criticism and said the costumes were part of the Xhosa tradition. Motshekga said the decision was inappropriate in a school competition‚ especially given the sexual predation faced by young women.
“It is extremely disappointing to see that our educators have exposed young girls to this type of public displays of nudity. There is absolutely nothing wrong with being proud of your culture and heritage‚ but there was absolutely no need for these children to perform completely naked. That indignity goes against the values of our cultures‚” Motshekga said in a statement.
The minister apologised to parents and sponsors of the competition‚ the ABC Motsepe Foundation‚ for the “embarrassment and negativity caused to its brand”.
“This is even more upsetting considering the increased sexual objectification of women and girls for the entertainment of men. We further apologise to the families of the young girls for the trauma and harm caused.”
Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87 Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr., risked their lives to cover the civil rights movement in the 1950s and '60s for Jet and Ebony magazines. They were the first black reporter hired by The Washington Post. Roy Reed covered the movement for The New York Times and was tear-gassed covering the Bloody Sunday marchers. Booker, 99, and Reed, 87, died on Sunday.
(Repeats Feb. 1 story; no changes to text)
By Agnieszka Barteczko and Anna Koper
WARSAW, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Poland's biggest oil refiner, PKN Orlen, is looking at various electricity production projects, including nuclear, to benefit from an expected rise in power demand, the firm's vice-president Miroslaw Kochalski said.
Poland generates most of its electricity from coal, but is considering ways to replace it partially with cleaner sources in the long term. The energy ministry is working on a project to build Poland's first nuclear power plant by 2030, but has not yet presented a financing model.
The country's biggest power producer, PGE, is directly responsible for the nuclear plant plan, but its financial capabilities have weakened after it took over the local heating and power assets of France's EDF.
PKN, with its cash-generating capacities, could help make the plan more feasible.
“We are analysing all potential opportunities or projects not from a one- or two-year perspective, but at least 15-20 years,” Kochalski said in an interview.
“We are examining all possible projects which could fall under our strategy, naturally also including the nuclear power plant project,” Kochalski said.
PKN Orlen has two combined heating and power plants and also will offer electric car chargers at its petrol stations, but power production remains a relatively small part of its business, which is oil refining.
DIVERSIFICATION
Most of the oil PKN refines in Poland, Lithuania and the Czech Republic comes from Russia, but the company has taken steps to reduce that reliance.
In October the refiner received its first crude oil shipment from the United States, and it is also buying supplies from Saudi Aramco.
“We are the first company in Poland to have received an oil delivery from the U.S. after it lifted its export embargo. We did not have a bigger problem with refining it,” Kochalski said.
“I do not rule out that there will be more supplies from the United States. We also remain open for other delivery sources. For us, diversification is not a goal in itself. We use it as a tool for building a safe portfolio of commodities,” they added.
PKN Orlen's major oil suppliers remain Russia's Rosneft and Tatneft, and the Polish refiner is concerned with the deteriorating quality of Russian Urals crude.
“We have observed the change in Urals quality, mainly because of the increased sulphur content. This is a significant issue in the context of our future cooperation with Russian partners,” Kochalski said.
“If part of the parameters differs, then it opens room for negotiations with partners, also regarding price conditions.”
TAKEOVERS
PKN will likely retain a cautious approach to potential takeovers of upstream assets abroad due to high oil prices. However, the company will be looking for targets among petrol stations, especially in the Czech Republic and Germany, where it already owns 401 and 581 stations respectively.
“If the possibility of buying petrol stations in the Czech Republic or Germany comes up, then we absolutely have to analyse it,” Kochalski said.
Commenting on the possibility of a merger - speculated upon occasionally in the local media - between PKN and its smaller state-run rival Lotos, Kochalski said it is rare that two state-run refiners compete on one market.
“The owner's decision would have to be the basis for our actions regarding a potential merger with Lotos,” Kochalski said.
PKN also wants to take full control over Czech downstream group Unipetrol. PKN Orlen announced a tender in December offering 380 crowns per Unipetrol share. The deal, running Dec. 28 to Jan. 30, was conditional on acquiring at least 90 percent, the legal threshold allowing a forced buyout of remaining shares.
“Considering that we offered a price that was good for us and fair for the sellers, we hope that the shareholders who had declared they would sell their shares have upheld their decision,” Kochalski said.
They said the tender results would be known in a few days.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): U.S. Senator Todd Young will hold a tax reform roundtable with business leaders Friday at Vera Bradley Corporate Headquarters.
The tax reform session will be open to the press.
Last week, Senator Young traveled aboard Air Force One with President Donald Trump to hear their speech in Indianapolis outlining the framework of their tax proposal.
RELATED: Trump rolls out tax plan in Indiana; cuts rates, doubles deduction
Senator Todd Young will be on Fort Wayne's Morning News with Charly Butcher at 7:08 a.m., to discuss today's roundtable further. Listen live here.
For years, management thinkers assumed that there were inevitable trade-offs between efficiency and flexibility — and that the right organizational design for each was different. But it's possible to design an organization's work in ways that simultaneously offer agility and efficiency — if you know how.
advertisement
You can hardly pick up a business publication without reading about the ever-increasing pace of change in technologies and markets and the consequent need for more adaptable organizations. Given the imperative of adaptability, it is not surprising that few words have received more attention in recent conversations about management and leadership than “agile.”1 Organizations ranging from large corporations like General Electric Co. to tiny startups are trying to be both flexible and fast in the ways that they react to new technology and changing market conditions.2
The word “agile” appears to have been first applied to thinking about software by 17 developers in 2001.3 Having experimented with more iterative, less process-laden approaches to developing new applications for several decades, the group codified its experience in an agile manifesto. “We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it,” they wrote. In software development, agile now has a variety of manifestations, including scrum, extreme programming, and feature-driven development.4 The results have been significant. A variety of studies show that agile software development methods can generate a significant improvement over their more traditional predecessors.5
But what does this mean outside of software? Can agile methods be successfully applied to other types of work? Many proponents (a number of whom started in the software industry) argue that the answer is yes, and a growing collection of books, papers, and blog posts suggests how it might be done.6 The evidence, however, remains limited to date, and a recent article by two of agile's founders cautions against applying agile indiscriminately.7 The blogosphere is also replete with discussions of an ongoing agile backlash.
To provide some practical advice to business leaders trying to understand what agile might mean for their organizations, we take a different approach. Our research suggests that in applying agile methods from the software industry to other domains, managers often confuse practices and principles. When agile methods work, they do so because the associated practices manifest key behavioral principles in the context of software development. But, successful as those practices can be when developing software, there is no guarantee that they will work in other contexts.
Already a member? Sign In Not a member? Member Free 3 Free Articles per month, $6.50/article thereafter. Free newsletter. Subscriber $75/yr. US Unlimited digital content, quarterly magazine, free newsletter, entire archive.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Deputy Nilda Garre submitted a bill to criminalize denialism in Argentina this week, a project that would include the Armenian Genocide denial, Garre confirmed in an interview with Prensa Armenia.
The project plans to include the criminalization in the Criminal Code, to be applied to anyone who would "publicly denies, minimizes, justified and/or approves any form of genocide or crimes against humanity."
The proposal claims to be compatible with freedom of expression "when justified in protecting the rights of victims, in maintaining public order or national security, or to prohibit the apology of hatred and violence."
Garre is a Deputy of the Front for Victory party. They were Minister of Defense during the term of late President Nestor Kirchner and was later appointed Minister of Security under President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. Garre is currently the Argentine Representative for the Organization of American States.
"The National Congress passed Law 26,199 in 2006 recognizing the genocide of which the Armenian people were victims. Consequently it is clear that this is included in the project we propose," said Garre in an interview with Prensa Armenia.
When asked about the recent visit of Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu to Argentina, they said that "I am not clear how Turkey could react. What I do know is that the Argentine Republic is a sovereign nation and the National Congress is the representation of one of its powers."
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Federal Minister for Interior Ahsan
Iqbal on Monday congratulated the whole nation on the 70th
Independence Day.
In a statement issued here, they said despite inappropriate
circumstances, Pakistanis had proved their mettle in every sphere
of life.
“It is our objective to make Pakistan among the top 25
economies of the world by the year 2025,” they said, adding peace and
prosperity in the country was a must for the continuation of polices
of economic and social development.
“On this day we as a nation should commit ourselves to follow
the guiding principles laid down by founder of Pakistan Quaid-e-Azam
Muhammad Ali Jinnah to make Pakistan a developed, welfare and
a true democratic state and cradle of peace,” they said.
They said “Today we should also commit ourselves that as one
nation we will fight against the internal and external dangers
faced by our homeland.”
“We have to stand united to establish brotherhood among us by
defeating the menace of terrorism and extremism in all its
manifestation.”
They said “We have to adopt the principles of hard work, honesty
and dedication for development of Pakistan.”
Rufus McGaugh, a semi-retired geography teacher, shows some souvenirs from their world travels in their Grosse Pointe home. (Photo: Anthony Lanzilote / Special to The Detroit News)
It wasn't a bad hotel — apart from the stopped-up toilet, human filth, and rats roaming the room at night.
In its defense, the joint was super-cheap and had great cross-ventilation, useful in the tropics. An entire exterior wall of the room on the 26th floor in Cayenne, French Guiana, was missing. One false step, and your trip takes an exciting new direction.
“I don't want to brag,” said Grosse Pointe schoolteacher Rufus McGaugh, 68, who's just published a book, “Longitude and Latitude, with Attitude,” about their quest to travel to every country around the globe, “but I've stayed in the worst hotel on planet Earth. Nobody's going to beat my story.”
McGaugh's taught social studies in the Grosse Pointe Public Schools for 45 years, most of that at Brownell Middle School, where generations of students remember “Rufus” and their atypical, entertaining methods.
McGaugh, who's visited 252 countries over 49 years, traveled every summer, and applied what they learned the next year in classes enlivened by tens of thousand of their own slides. (He'd be happy to show any doubters the nine passports crammed with customs stamps.)
Libya last May was the very last — as McGaugh notes, they left the hard, dangerous ones till last.
(If that seems like a lot — the United Nations has just 193 member states — McGaugh's list includes non-countries like Antarctica, as well as a number of distinct geographic entities such as Greenland and Puerto Rico, owned by other nations.)
Teachers always wonder if they have impact. With McGaugh, there's little question.
“When I was 12 years old, I was lucky enough to have Rufus McGaugh teach me social studies,” former student Katie O'Neill recently wrote on Facebook.
“I learned the map of the world,” said the Grosse Pointe Park resident, as well as “Country Joe and the Fish, the importance of reading the paper every day — that a well-drawn political cartoon really is worth a thousand words, that dissent is patriotic, and how much world there is to see.”
All this from a teacher who never used a textbook when teaching about foreign cultures.
Erik Nicholson, now national vice president for the United Farm Workers, had McGaugh for eighth-grade English back in 1979.
“Every day, they made sure we had access and time to read the newspaper,” they recalled.
Asked how he'd describe McGaugh, Nicholson suggested, “real, passionate, and visionary in a Rufus kind of way.”
Everyone tells McGaugh they should write the “Guinness Book of World Records,” but they say the quest was never about checking countries off a list.
“I did it for me,” McGaugh said, chatting in their Grosse Pointe living room with their wife, Monica, who's accompanied them on 74 of their trips.
They trace the start of their obsession to their time with the 5th Marines in Vietnam. The death and destruction they saw there left them with a fierce hunger to see the world.
“I decided if I ever got out of that mess alive,” they said, “I wasn't going to let anything stop me from seeing as much as I could.”
Of course, when you visit countries from North Korea to Nauru to Nepal, you're bound to have fun experiences kids will love, like getting arrested and interrogated by the Zimbabwean military.
The first question from the scary armed men was: “Why did you blow up our Air Force?”
McGaugh admits they were stunned. “For a guy who usually has the gift of gab,” they said, “even I was speechless.”
As luck would have it, Brownell School played an indispensable role in springing McGaugh from the military prison where they were held about 24 hours.
Well into the interrogation, they finally asked what they did for a living, and McGaugh said they were teacher.
“Prove it,” they demanded. And they did.
“I always carry my Brownell ID card to get into museums and castles cut-rate,” McGaugh explained. “So I pulled it out, and that changed the whole tone.”
Suddenly their captors wanted to know if they could get them something to drink.
McGaugh attributes the 180-degree switch to the respect education enjoys in African culture, but it's also possible that an American teacher's ID clued the authorities in to the fact that they really had the wrong guy.
McGaugh was released, they said, “with no indication whatsoever why I was picked up.”
With scrapes like that, it's easy to see how a clever storyteller could overcome even the stoutest student resistance to geography and history.
Take Tom Coyle, for instance, who was at Brownell in the mid-80s.
“I used to hate history and social studies,” they wrote from Washington, D.C. “Rufus changed that.”
Not only did those subjects become their favorites, they also steered Coyle to their present calling.
After graduating from West Point and serving in the military, Coyle entered the U.S. Foreign Service, where they continue to serve as a diplomat.
“I have traveled around the world for work and pleasure,” they said, “as a direct result of Rufus' influence.”
MHodges@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-6021
Twitter: @mhodgesartguy
‘Longitude and Latitude, with Attitude: One Man's Quest to See the Entire World'
By Rufus McGaugh
CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform
$20 at Amazon
and other outlets
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iRWuYn
This photo shows the four happy lady shooters at Grantville in a recent practice session at the range. It was taken under strict safety conditions. They are, from left, Haley Steer, Kay Eland, Sue McLeish, and Debbie Barber.
Amateur astronomer Mike Conley is part of a project by the National Solar Observatory to have dozens of citizen-scientists posted across the United States to track the path of next Monday's total solar eclipse. (Photo: Gillian Flaccus / AP)
Washington — The sun is about to spill some of its secrets, maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos. And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century.
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that's vital to Earth. They'll look from the ground, using telescopes, cameras, binoculars and whatever else works. They'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space. And in between, they'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
“We expect a boatload of science from this one,” said Jay Pasachoff, a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds.
Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun. The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation, the federal government is spending about $7.7 million on next Monday's eclipse. One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “live footage from the edge of space” during the eclipse.
But it's not just the professionals or students. NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do.
“Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data,” said Matt Penn, an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson, Arizona.
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE. More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way. The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun's edge.
Mike Conley, a Salem, Oregon, stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes, jumped at the chance to be part of the science team.
“Who knows? Maybe a great secret will come of this, the mysteries of the sun will be revealed, because we're doing something that's never been done before and we're getting data that's never been seen before,” they said. “A big discovery will come and everybody will say, ‘Hey, we were part of that!'”
You don't need to have telescopes to help out. You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you. You can go to a zoo, like the Nashville Zoo, where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing. The University of California, Berkeley, is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017, hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers.
Even with all the high-tech, high-flying instruments now available, when it comes to understanding much of the sun's mysteries, nothing beats an eclipse, said Williams College's Pasachoff. That's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes can't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown, or corona. Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun, but they can't do it as well as the moon, they said.
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse. It's the sun's outer atmosphere where space weather originates, where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations. The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why.
“It's ironic that we've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view,” said Fred “Mr. Eclipse “ Espenak, a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency.
And they learn other things, too. Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — wasn't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868, Espenak said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uGtCXd
NEW YORK, Dec 11 (APP):A senior member of the Trump administration has said that women who accuse President Donald Trump of sexual harassment or assault “should be heard.”
Nikki Haley, the US Ambassador to the United Nations, appeared on CBS-TV's ‘Face the Nation' news programme on Sunday at the end of a week in which two Democrats and one Republican in Congress resigned due to alleged sexual misconduct.
They were asked how the public should assess the long list of women who have accused the president in similar terms.
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with,” Haley added.
“And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up,” they said.
Haley, a former governor who is of Indian ancestry, said “the time has come” to bring “a conscience” to the way women are treated in the United States.
Analysts call their comments a surprising break from the assertion by the administration that the allegations are simply unfounded and that voters dismissed them when they elected Trump.
More than a dozen women have accused Trump of unwanted sexual advances, including forcible kissing or groping.
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders has said that the White House's position is that the women are lying and that the American people settled the issue by electing Trump despite the accusations.
Press reports say there is growing concern within the administration that the president may not escape renewed scrutiny at a time when a number of powerful men have been forced to step down because of sexual impropriety.
Weeks before the presidential election last November, The Washington Post released a tape in which Trump boasted about how they sexually assaulted women because they were powerful.
The Access Hollywood tape triggered a wave of allegations against Trump. But the president in recent weeks has cast doubt on the authenticity of the 2005 tape, despite publicly acknowledging last year that, “I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize.”
Some of the women who first accused Trump during the presidential campaign have expressed a renewed desire to press their case.
The president, however, has so far escaped the fallout relatively unscathed. They have used Twitter to mock others accused of sexual misconduct, including Democratic Senator Al Franken, who announced their resignation last week.
Two lawmakers in the House of Representatives, Democratic Congressman John Conyers and Republican Congressman Trent Franks, have also stepped down over allegations of crude sexual behaviour.
Congressional Republicans have been sharply divided over how to respond to the case of Roy Moore, the Senate candidate in Alabama, who has been accused of molesting a teenage girl and pursuing other teenagers decades ago.
Trump has officially endorsed Moore, calling the allegations against them “troubling” but stressing that they are needed in the Senate to advance the Republican agenda.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain
Monday while expressing concern over the Indian incursions
into the Chinese territory, said Pakistan fully supported the
stance of China.
Talking to Vice Premier of China Wang Yang here at the
President House, they appreciated China for its adept handling
of the issue and reiterated that Pakistan stood by it on the
issues of Tibet, Sinkiang and South China Sea, a statement from
the President House said.
President said that Pakistan would also continue to work
along with China for eliminating terrorism.
They were also appreciative of the Chinese role in bringing peace and
stability to Afghanistan and hoped it would bring positive
results and the issue would be resolved at the earliest.
Both the leaders discussed the whole range of their
bilateral affairs, with a particular focus on the China
Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and expressed the resolve to ensure
its early completion as the project was vital for the regional
peace, security and stability and prosperity.
The meeting was also attended by
delegations from the either sides.
The President said that Pakistan desired to resolve all
issues, including Jammu and Kashmir, with India through
dialogue. They said that Pakistan was looking forward to the visit of
Chinese Premier to Pakistan soon.
President Mamnoon thanked the Chinese Vice Premier for
participating in the Pakistan's 70th Independence Day
celebrations and said it was reflective of their strong bonds
and friendship. They said the two countries had stood by each
other through thick and thin and their ties would continue to
strengthen in the days ahead.
Chinese Vice Premier, Wang Yang said that Pakistan
China friendship was higher than the political considerations.
They said Pakistan had played a positive role in countering
terrorism according to its priorities and situation in the
country was now far better. They assured their country's complete
cooperation in this regard.
They were also appreciative of the speech of the President
earlier at the flag hoisting ceremony and hoped it would
further unite the nation and strengthen it.
They underlined the need for stronger Pakistan China economic
cooperation and said China would increase imports from Pakistan for a better
balance in trade.
They said the ties between the two countries were exemplary and would
further strengthen in the days ahead.
Oklahoma QB Baker Mayfield's performance in 2017 proved why they are one of the most talented college football players and why they deserved to win the 2017 Heisman Trophy. (1:10)
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield will face another All-American, Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith, in a College Football Playoff semifinal on Jan. 1. Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Northwestern Mutual Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Allstate Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (center Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team. Mayfield jumped from third team to first team. They were selected to the second team in 2015.
The Big Ten had the most All-Americans with seven, followed by the Big 12 with six and the Pac-12 and SEC with three apiece.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): The 75th birth anniversary of famous
Pakistani traditional Qawwal Aziz Mian was observed Monday.
Born as Abdul Aziz in Delhi on April 17 in 1942, Aziz Mian remains
to this day one of the most popular Qawwals of the sub-continent.
They began learning the art of Qawwali at the age of 10 under the
tutelage of Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan.
They moreover received 16 years of training at the Data Ganj Baksh School
of Lahore,and obtained a degree in Urdu literature from the University of Punjab.
They were the only prominent qawwal to write their own lyrics;
though, like others, they also performed lyrics written by other
poets. In addition to their own poetry, Aziz Mian performed poetry by
Allama Iqbal, and a number of contemporary Urdu poets.
 They are also credited with performing the longest commercially
released qawwali, “hashr ke roz yeh poochhoonga”, which runs to
slightly over 115 minutes.
They were also a contemporary of the famous duo of Sabri
brothers.
In 1989, the government of Pakistan awarded them with the Pride of
Performance medal.
Aziz Mian died on December 6 in the year 2000 from complications
following hepatitis. They were laid to rest in Multan.
With the 2017 California avocado harvest wrapped up, the California Avocado Commission (CAC) is setting its sights on next season and introducing new plans at the Produce Marketing Association (PMA) Fresh Summit in New Orleans. The Commission will have a booth during the expo on Oct. 20 and 21.
“The California Avocado Commission invites retailers to visit Fresh Summit booth 1033 to learn about the 2018 California avocado crop,” said Jan DeLyser, CAC VP-marketing. “Next year's harvest is expected to be larger and in season longer than in 2017, and we are excited to share ideas to support participating retailers.”
CAC says its blend of traditional media, digital, social media and public relations is reaching millions of targeted avocado shoppers using tools unheard of a decade ago. Among the 2017 highlights were videos showcasing California avocado recipes. The videos were used in partnership with retailers, including promotion on retailers' web and social sites. Customized marketing support for committed retail partners is the cornerstone of CAC's marketing strategy, and DeLyser expects that to continue.
“Consumer demand for California avocados continues to be very strong, and CAC's marketing support with participating retailers is yielding outstanding results,” DeLyser said. “We will continue with what's working, explore new tactics and layer on additional support next year.”
One addition in 2018 includes participation in the American Heart Association's Heart-Check Certification program. CAC will promote American Heart Association-certified California avocado recipes and avocado heart health information, including a recipe booklet for retail use. Retailers who visit CAC's booth at Fresh Summit can preview that program. CAC also is a sponsor of the Produce for Better Health Association supermarket dietitian program. During the expo on Friday, Registered Dietitian and media spokesperson Manuel Villacorta will engage with participating dietitians and share their recipe for Avocado White Bean Dip.
Breaking from tradition, CAC will not be featuring California avocados in dishes served at Fresh Summit this year.
According to DeLyser, “Our season is finished, and there simply aren't any California avocados available right now. Though we won't be featuring avocados in the dishes we serve, we do plan to have some tasty options.”
Created in 1978, CAC strives to increase demand for California avocados through advertising, promotion and public relations, and engages in related industry activities that benefit the state's nearly 4,000 avocado growers. It serves as the official information source for California avocados and the California avocado industry.
VANCOUVER — Drivers in British Columbia should brace for record high gasoline prices this summer and the financial pain has the potential to spread across the country, says a petroleum industry analyst.
Dan McTeague of the online tech company GasBuddy predicts that beginning in April and continuing to September, gasoline prices across much of B.C.'s south coast will hover around $1.60 a litre.
They blame the hike on high demand and chronically short supply, made even worse by Friday's announcement that the Olympic pipeline that distributes gasoline throughout Washington and Oregon will be taken off-line for four or five days of maintenance.
Prices across Vancouver hit about $1.55 over the weekend, while Victoria remained around $1.40, but McTeague warns southern Vancouver Island could see an eight-cent-a-litre leap as the ripple from short supplies and climbing local taxes spreads.
The high for a litre of gasoline in Metro Vancouver was set on June 22, 2014, when the price was just under $1.56.
McTeague said some analysts fear higher prices will spread east.
"People are shaking their heads," they said. "It's become quite the story, with some national overtones."
McTeague said other parts of the country are not looking at the same prices for gas, particularly because of B.C.'s taxes on gas.
"It's not quite the same thing, you are not dealing with 50-cent-a-litre taxes and you are not dealing with a shortage in the same way Vancouver is experiencing," they said. "But it does suggest, I think, the likelihood of breaking the all-time record in Vancouver will likely happen this week."
In other parts of the country on Monday, the average price for gas was just under $1.14 a litre in Edmonton, about $1.25 in Toronto and around $1.12 in Halifax.
Bernard Tomic has suffered a deflating start to their Australian summer, crashing out of the Brisbane International in the opening round.
Tomic lasted just 83 minutes on Monday as they went down to eighth-seeded Spaniard David Ferrer 6-3 7-5 in a hail of unforced errors on Pat Rafter Arena.
The Gold Coaster traditionally performs well at their home tournament but struggled badly on serve and could not get their forehand working against the far more consistent Ferrer.
Their world No.26 ranking will drop after failing to defend points achieved last year with their run to the semi-finals in Brisbane, before losing to eventual champion Milos Raonic.
Tomic lost their opening two service games against Ferrer, the former world No.3, and could only blame themselves for producing a sixth double fault to lose the first set in 36 minutes.
They appeared to be troubled by a twinge early as they over-extended for a winning sliced backhand but managed to go shot for shot with Ferrer in the second set.
Games went on serve but Tomic was made to work harder for each before falling short of taking the set into a tiebreaker.
Tomic saved two match points but again was let down by their serve with their eighth double fault, allowing world No.21 Ferrer free passage into the second round where he'll meet Australian wildcard Jordan Thompson.
Tomic praised the class and consistency of Ferrer, 34, but also blamed their first-serve inaccuracy and a heavy training load for their woes.
The 24-year-old looked lethargic and admitted they "felt flat" after working extremely hard on their fitness in the off-season but denied they were carrying any injuries.
"That's what cost me - I served terrible," they said.
"I was sort of expecting it. He's a guy who has made their career based on being a machine and getting every ball back and he's one of the top players in the world in the past six or seven years.
"It was a match that was always going to be tough and they were just playing too solider than I was."
Tomic, who will play exhibition matches in Sydney and Melbourne, denied it was a dent to their confidence heading towards the Australian Open.
French world No.39 Nicolas Mahut also won through to the second round after overcoming compatriot Stephane Robert 4-6 6-3 6-4.
Aug 13 (Reuters) - ESHRAQ PROPERTIES COMPANY
* INTEGRATED CAPITAL (IC) HAS TRANSFERRED 171.5 MILLION SHARES OF CO FROM IC'S ADX NATIONAL INVESTOR NUMBER TO IC'S ACCOUNT WITH AJMAN BANK
* INTEGRATED CAPITAL CONFIRMS THAT IT REMAINS OWNER OF THESE SHARES, IC'S TOTAL DIRECT, INDIRECT SHAREHOLDING IN ESHRAQ REMAINS 11.511 PERCENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has said repeatedly that the city will push ahead with police reforms, no matter what. (Photo: M. Spencer Green / AP)
Chicago — Several leading community groups filed a class-action lawsuit against the city of Chicago Wednesday in a bid to bypass or even scuttle a draft agreement between the city and the U.S. Department of Justice that seeks to reform the nation's second largest police force without federal court oversight.
The more than 100-page lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago argues that an overhaul of Chicago's 12,000-officer force in the wake of a damning civil rights report in January can't work without the intense scrutiny of a court-appointed monitor answerable to a judge.
“Absent federal court supervision, nothing will improve,” the lawsuit says. “It is clear that federal court intervention is essential to end the historical and on-going pattern and practice of excessive force by police officers in Chicago.”
While President Donald Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has expressed skepticism about court involvement, President Barack Obama's administration saw it as vital to successful reforms. Obama's Justice Department typically took a city reform plan to a judge to make it legally binding in the form of a consent decree.
Wednesday's lawsuit — which names Black Lives Matter Chicago among the plaintiffs — asks for a federal court to intervene and order sweeping reforms to end the “abusive policies and practices undergirding the alleged constitutional and state law violations.”
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration said earlier this month that a draft deal negotiated by the city and the Justice Department — one that foresees a monitor not selected by a court — is being reviewed in Washington. Justice Department spokesperson Devin O'Malle cautioned last week that “there is no agreement at this time.”
A lead attorney in the new lawsuit, Craig Futterman, a University of Chicago law professor and outspoken advocate for far-reaching police reforms, said in a telephone interview that reports about the draft influenced the decision to sue now.
“This is the community stepping up when the government refuses to act and when it has long been clear that the city is incapable of acting on its own,” they said.
If the judge presiding over the new lawsuit sides with the community groups, the court could mandate reforms. But Futterman said they hope Emanuel will choose to work with the groups instead to draw up a comprehensive reform plan that the court and a court-appointed monitor would oversee.
“This is a real test for the mayor as to whether they are truly committed to police reform in Chicago,” Futterman said.
Before Trump's inauguration in January, the Justice Department issued a scathing 161-page report following a yearlong investigation that found deep-rooted problems led to serious civil rights violations by Chicago police, including a tendency to use force even when suspects posed no threat and a “pervasive cover-up culture” among officers.
Emanuel committed to a consent decree in a joint statement with the Justice Department when the civil rights report was released in January and before the Trump administration made its reservations about court oversight clear. Emanuel has also said repeatedly that Chicago will push ahead with reforms, no matter what. Their administration has established a new police oversight agency and adopted other practices to hold officers accountable.
The Justice Department launched the investigation in 2015 after the release of police dashboard camera video showing a white officer shooting a black teenager, Laquan McDonald, 16 times as they appeared to walk away from police holding a small, folded knife.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqECKn
U.S. President Donald Trump winces while delivering remarks at their golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey, U.S. August 12, 2017.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old NAFTA trade pact this week, aiming to shrink a growing trade deficit with Mexico and tighten the rules of origin for cars and parts.
More than any other industry, autos have been the focus of U.S. President Donald Trump's anger over the North American Free Trade Agreement, which they blame for taking car factories and jobs away from America to low-wage Mexico.
The United States had a $74 billion trade deficit with Mexico in autos and auto parts last year, the dominant component of an overall $64 billion U.S. deficit, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
"The Trump administration has framed their NAFTA negotiating objectives around reducing the trade deficit with Mexico," said Caroline Freund, a senior trade fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. "If they don't touch autos, there's no way of getting at what they want."
Among tools that U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer may seek to boost auto employment in the U.S. is strengthening the rules of origin to shut out more parts from Asia, and possibly an unprecedented U.S.-specific content requirement for Mexican vehicles.
Lighthizer's negotiating objectives for NAFTA seek to "ensure the rules of origin incentivize the sourcing of goods and materials from the United States and North America," which has raised concerns among auto industry executives and trade groups that they will seek a deal that guarantees a certain percentage of production for the United States.
The industry is opposed to such a carve-out or to increasing the percentage of a vehicle's value that must come from the region above the current 62.5 percent - already the highest of any global trade bloc.
They say this would raise costs and disrupt a complex supply chain that sees parts crisscrossing NAFTA borders and has made North American car production competitive with Asia and Europe.
"Our members feel very strongly that rules of origin are not the tools to use to reshore jobs into the U.S.," said Ann Wilson, senior vice president of government affairs for the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, a trade group representing auto parts makers.
Wilson and other industry advocates say a better way to boost U.S. manufacturing jobs is through policies aimed at expanding vehicle exports.
PARTS THRESHOLD
But if U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross gets their way, it would be harder to reach the 62.5 percent content threshold because the "tracing list" of parts that count towards that goal would be modernized. They argue the current rules are too loose and allow a tariff-free "back door" for Chinese auto parts.
Parts that did not exist when the 300-plus page list was devised in the early 1990s, largely electronics sourced from Asia such as console touch screens or hybrid-drive controllers, do not count against reaching the threshold. If they are put on the list, companies would have to source them from North America or pay tariffs on them.
If the content requirements become too onerous, automakers will simply skip compliance "and they'll just end up paying the duty," said Charles Uthus, vice president for international policy at the American Automotive Policy Council, a lobbying group for Ford Motor Co., General Motors and Fiat Chrysler.
Foregoing all NAFTA tariff-free access benefits - something that could happen if Trump is dissatisfied with the negotiations and decides to scrap the trade pact - would raise costs by about $4 billion-5 billion a year, Ulthus added. Ford plans about $7 billion in total capital spending this year.
DISPUTE MECHANISM DISPUTED
Among the other contentious NAFTA issues that U.S., Canadian and Mexican negotiators will tackle starting on Wednesday in Washington is the future of a mechanism for resolving trade disputes.
The United States wants to eliminate a so-called "Chapter 19" provision, arguing that it fails to combat unfair subsidies of some Mexican and Canadian goods. Mexico and Canada have vowed to keep the provision.
Negotiators are expected to pursue new NAFTA chapters governing digital trade, and tightening environmental and labor standards, changes previously agreed by the three countries as part of the now-defunct 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership.
U.S. negotiators will also seek a provision to deter currency manipulation, aiming to set a precedent for future trade negotiations, such as a revised U.S.-North Korean deal or a bilateral pact with Japan.
The negotiations face an extremely tight timeline, with officials saying they want to complete negotiations by early next year to avoid ratification difficulties posed by elections in Mexico in July 2018 and in the U.S. in November 2018.
Freund, a trade economist for more than a decade at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, said the negotiators should focus on a few key areas.
"If you really want to do a full-blown modernization of NAFTA, it's going to take a lot more than six months," they said. "Ultimately I think they're going to get bogged down in all these details and pick two to three things and have a smaller agenda."
Mayor John Tory is “very unhappy” that city staff boarded up slides at Corktown Common playground over concerns the sun-heated silver surface will burn children. The award-winning West Don Lands park that opened in 2013 “was built to be excellent, it was built to be used by families and children,” Tory said Wednesday in response to a reporter's question after the slide closure was mocked on social media as an example of the “nanny state.”
Two slides have been boarded up at Corktown Common park because they get too hot for use. ( Carlos Osorio / Toronto Star )
“That our solution, that the best someone can come up with is to board up slides that are there, seems to me seems ridiculous.” CBC reported last summer that a girl got second-degree burn on their leg after going down one of the shiny metal slides. The material is a throwback anomaly among Toronto parks slides made of plastic or other materials that don't get excessively hot in the summer sun. Parks staff erected the barrier as a temporary measure May 24. Trees planted around the slides that were supposed to help cool them “are not providing adequate shade cover this year,” said Jane Arbour, a parks department spokesperson. “Parks staff are working on obtaining shade sales to mitigate the effect of the sun while the trees are maturing. The intent is to have the slides reopened for use as soon as possible this summer.”
Article Continued Below
Tory issued a challenge to people to help find a solution, suggesting a “canopy.” Others on Twitter suggested cool running water on the surface. The 7.3-hectare park east south of King St. and just west of the Don River, designed by Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates as a Waterfront Toronto project, has been hailed as a masterful use of elevated flood-protection land. As well as the playground, it boasts a splash pad, athletic fields, open lawns and a marsh.
Read more about:
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has climbed back into the global top five vendors list as the global market shrunk annually, even if only by a fraction, for the first time in 2017, according to a leading industry tracker.
Worldwide smartphone shipment volume in 2017 dipped by 0.1 percent to 1.47 billion, representing the first annual shrinkage, according to data from IDC released on Friday. Another tracker Strategy Analytics indicated a 1 percent rise.
With consumers showing no strong desire to upgrade to more expensive new flagship devices, both China and the United States - the world's largest and third-largest smartphone markets - saw a decline in the last quarter, leading to a 6.3 percent year-on-year drop in total shipment volume in the quarter according to IDC.
Strategy Analytics put the same figure at 9 percent, the biggest fall in smartphone history.
Despite the weak reception of iPhone X, Apple shipped more phones than Samsung in the last quarter, according to IDC data.
China's Xiaomi replaced domestic rival Vivo to occupy the spot of the world's fifth-largest smartphone maker after its smartphone shipment grew 74.5 percent to 92.4 million units in the year.
Samsung Electronics, Apple Inc., and China's Huawei Technologies and OPPO maintained their top four positions.
The market consolidated towards the top five vendors during the year as shipment volume by others combined dropped 11.7 percent.
Xiaomi, which is now exploring a public listing and valued at around $100 billion, was once the largest vendor in China in 2014 and 2015 before sales stagnated over the next two years amid fierce competition.
It has regained growth momentum this year with affordable, innovative products and international expansion, usurping Samsung as the largest vendor in India.
The Chinese smartphone market - the world's largest - in 2017 suffered its first annual fall, by 4 percent according to Canalys and by 1 percent according to Counterpoint Research.
WASHINGTON, July 4 (APP):A Pakistani American IT professional who worked for years for US lawmakers was cleared of allegations that they stole government secrets with the cover from House Democrats, a Washington Post report said on Tuesday.
Imran Awan and four of their associates, including family members, were subject of a federal investigation that they might be accessing congressional servers without authorization. After the case was surfaced last year, conservative media used it against House Democrats. Imran was apparently the “Pakistani mystery man” that President Trump referred to in their tweet while commenting on
the issue.
However, concluding its 18-month investigation, federal prosecutors said that the government had uncovered no evidence that they violated federal law with respect to the House computer systems.
As the federal prosecutors concluded their investigation, as part of an agreement, Awan pleaded guilty to a minor offense of making a false statement on a bank loan application, a crime that was unrelated to the investigation. Prosecutors said they would not recommend jail time, the Washington Post report said.
Those who were subject to the federal investigation including Imran's brothers Abid Awan and Jamal Awan, their wife Hina Alvi and friend Rao Abbas.
A Washington Post report said last year that the investigators of the Inspector General's office had been quietly tracking the five IT workers' digital footprints for months.
Awan and their associates worked as IT specialists for dozens of Democratic lawmakers, but were banned from the computer network in February last year after being accused of violating House security rules.
The investigation that followed was given aggressively covered by conservative media outlets, a term usually used for outlets that support Republican Party's views and policies.
“The case has highlighted Trump's willingness to lobby for specific outcomes of federal criminal investigations and to suggest a coverup by their own Justice Department,” the Washington Post report said.
“Trump also attempted to tie Awan to the hacking of the Democratic National Committee server — a breach that intelligence agencies have concluded was directed by Russia,” the report added.
The office that conducted the investigation is led by a US attorney general who was nominated by President Trump, according to the report, which said that Awan was released from electronic monitoring and will be free pending their sentencing Aug 21 in the bank loan case.
Bank fraud charges against Awan's wife Hina were dropped by the prosecutors as part of Awan's guilty plea deal. While obtaining a bank loan, Awan had shown a rental property as their wife's primary residence. The loan was fully repaid.
Hailing from Nigeria, promising finalists
to share US$100,000 Anzisha Prize 2017, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs
“We are excited by the number of young women finalists and thrilled that the prize is contributing to their economic empowerment,” Anzisha Prize Associate Melissa Mbazo said. “The success of these women-led businesses will be accelerated by access to Anzisha's financial and mentorship support.”
Fifteen young African entrepreneurs have emerged as finalists from a field of more than 800 applicants for the seventh annual Anzisha Prize, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs. Supported by African Leadership Academy (ALA) in partnership with the Mastercard Foundation, the Anzisha Prize celebrates and cultivates the next generation of young African entrepreneurial leaders who are creating job opportunities, solving local development problems and driving economies. Selected from 14 countries, nearly half of all candidates are young women representing sectors as diverse as clean energy, agriculture, waste recycling and youth empowerment. For the first time, candidates from Angola, Liberia, Mauritius, and Sudan entered the competition.
Among these young innovators is 15-year-old Nigerian Victoria Olimatunde, the founder of Bizkidz, a board game designed to teach children about financial literacy and the rudimentary aspects of starting a small scale business through a fun and interactive manner. They will be joined by their fellow countryman, Ajiroghene Omanudhowo. Ajiro founded 360 Needs which is a social enterprise that was created to identify & solve logistical problems in their community. Both entrepreneurs' businesses are impactful and transformative. Other entrepreneurs include Liberian Satta Wahab, founder of Naz Naturals, a cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products that empower young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair and Thowiba Alhaj, the founder of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation empowering university students by linking them to job opportunities.
“The calibre and diversity of the young men and women competing for this year's Anzisha Prize is impressive and improves each year,” said Koffi Assouan, Program Manager, Youth Livelihoods at the Mastercard Foundation. “As the pool of Anzisha fellows continues to grow, so too does their impact and influence on local communities and economies.”
Victoria and Ajiro will fly to Johannesburg to attend a 10-day entrepreneurial leadership boot camp where they will be coached on how to pitch their business to a panel of judges for a share of US$100,000 worth of prizes and support. The grand prize winner will receive US$25,000, while the runners-up and third place winners will receive US$15,000 and US$12,500, respectively. The remainder of the prize will be divided among outstanding finalists, including a $10,000 agricultural prize funded by Louis Dreyfus Foundation, as well as four $5,000 challenge prizes to bolster initiatives led by past Anzisha Prize finalists. All other finalists will each receive $2,500 prizes.
Finalists will also benefit from ALA's Youth Entrepreneur Support Unit (YES-U), which provides consulting and training support to Anzisha finalists. This includes the Anzisha Accelerator boot camp, mentorship and consulting services, travel opportunities to network, and business equipment, valued at US$7,500.
As finalists, Victoria and Ajiro will be evaluated by a panel of five experienced judges who have contributed to building youth entrepreneurship in Africa, such as Wendy Luhabe, a pioneering social entrepreneur and economic activist. Laureates will be announced during an inspiring gala evening on October 24, which will include a keynote address from serial entrepreneur Fred Swaniker, founder of both the African Leadership Academy and African Leadership University.
The 2017 finalists for the Anzisha Prize are:
1. Ajiroghene Omanudhowo, 22, Nigeria: Ajiroghene is the founder of three businesses operating under the parent company 360 Needs. ASAFOOD delivers food to universities, ASADROP is a logistics company specializing in parcel delivery and Beta Grades helps students prepare for their exams by providing computer training.
2. Victoria Olimatunde, 15, Nigeria: Victoria is the founder of Bizkids which teaches high school students about financial literacy, savings, money management, and small-scale business management. Bizkids encourages young people to create jobs as entrepreneurs, not just seek jobs as employees.
3. Dina Mohamed Ibrahim, 22, Egypt: Dina is one of the founders of Metro Co-Working Space, which rents work spaces to entrepreneurs and provides workshops and resources from them to thrive. .
4. Edgar Edmund, 17, Tanzania: Edgar is the founder of GreenVenture Tanzania which recycles plastic waste into cheap and affordable building products like paving blocks. GreenVenture helps people build houses while promoting environmental sustainability.
5. Fadwa Moussaif, 22, Morocco: Fadwa is the founder of Boucharouette Eco Creation (B.E.C.) which empowers local women to become independent by using quality fabrics to revive the art of Boucharouette rug-making.
6. Gerald Matolo, 20, Kenya: Gerald the founder of Angaza Africa Technologies, which makes briquette-machines, solid waste carbonization kilns, and processes biomass briquettes.
7. Ibrahima Ben Aziz Konate, 22, Cote D'Ivoire: Ibrahima is the founder Poultry d'Or, a company that processes and distributes poultry products and agro-foods the same day.
8. Ignatius Ahumuza, 21, Uganda: Ignatius is one of the founders of Art Planet Academy, which provides practical agriculture training in schools. Art Planet creates and innovates climate-smart farming technologies, tests them at demonstration farms and incorporates them into a practical agriculture training curriculum.
9. Jessan Kumar Persand, 22, Mauritius: Jessan is the founder of Crab Aquaculture Project (Jessan Seafood), a business that breeds and raises crabs. Jessan produces about 2,000 crabs per month which are sold to hotels and restaurants.
10. Maemu Lambani, 21, South Africa: Maemu is the founder of Fearless Trendz, a digital marketing agency whose aim is to transform growing and local businesses into global brands by using social media.
11. Moonga Chowa, 22, Zambia: Moonga is the founder of Chilimba, a mobile platform that works on any mobile phone and allows savings groups to manage their contributions in an efficient and transparent manner, enabling them to migrate to safer digital money.
12. Rebecca Andrianarisandy, 20, Madagascar: Rebecca is the founder of GasGasy which supplies affordable, environmentally-friendly and sustainable bio-fertiliser made in Madagascar for Malagasy people. It is easier to spray on crops because it is liquid fertilizer. GasGasy acts as an insecticide and is gentle on the soil.
13. Satta Wahab, 21, Liberia: Satta is founder of Naz Naturals, a Liberian cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products from unrefined shea butter and empowers young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair.
14. Thowiba Alhaj, 20, Sudan: Thowiba is one of the founders of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation that intends to empower university students by linking them with job opportunities. Their primary activity is to search for potential employers and encourage them to offer students part-time jobs.
15. Vicente Zau, 19, Angola: Vicente is the founder of Vicente News Company, an online platform that aims to promote African music, mainly Angolan music, across the continent to encourage the growth and development of African music in foreign countries.
Keep up with the latest news, meet the finalists, hear more about their ventures, and watch the awards gala live on YouTube.
Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of African Leadership Academy (ALA).
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Boston Omaha Corp:
* BOSTON OMAHA CORP FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $200 MILLION - SEC FILING Source text (bit.ly/2FEN3or) Further company coverage:
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Convoy Global Holdings Ltd:
* SAYS IT APPOINTS JOHNNY CHEN AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND INTERIM CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 9
* SAYS IT APPOINTS YAP E HOCK, IP YEE KWAN AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 9
* SAYS IT APPOINTS FU KWONG WING TING, FRANCINE AND PAK WAI KEUNG, MARTIN AND YAN TAT WAH AS INDEPENDENT NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 8
* SAYS CHOW KIM HANG HAS RESIGNED AS COMPANY SECRETARY AND AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY WITH EFFECT DEC 8
* SAYS IT APPOINTS CHUNG WAI KWONG, ANTHONY AS COMPANY SECRETARY AND GROUP GENERAL COUNSEL-LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE Source text in English: bit.ly/2ARWoKs; bit.ly/2yVYeJ2 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
DETROIT FREE PRESS/USA TODAY – SUSAN TOMPOR
When you're watching horror unfold — whether it be with the Las Vegas massacre or the death and devastation after Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico — you want to imagine that you can do something.
And you can easily donate money after any disaster. Unfortunately, scammers know too well how to trip you up and set up fake crowdfunding sites or crank out pitches for made-up charities via social media.
We've been hit by a wave of painful stories — including hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Jose and Maria. Now, this week, a Sunday night outdoor country music concert in Las Vegas exploded with gun fire, leaving at least 59 people dead and more than 525 others injured. Police identified 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, who was found dead in their hotel room at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, as the shooter.
Former Newbury police officer, Shane Cooke, had died.
The well-known police officer, who founded the Door Staff scheme, died on Friday night.
Tributes have been paid to Shane, who was a familiar face around Newbury town centre , on social media since the news was announced.
More to follow.
The Bauchi Police Command have paraded suspected kidnappers, car snatching gangs, and other suspects arrested in various parts of the state.
Briefing newsmen on Friday, August 4, at the command headquarters, the spokesperson, DSP Kamal Datti Abubakar, said the command through a coordinated operation smashed different criminal syndicates who specialized in perpetrating various crimes in the state. Read below.
A combined team of Anti-Kidnapping Unit (AKU) and vigilantes on July 11, traced and arrested one Buba Sale, 40, of Mararraba Liman Katagun Bauchi LGA who kidnapped 17-year-ld young mother, Binta Mohammed.
The suspect kidnapped the victim with their four month old baby on June 6,.2017 and demanded ransom of N500,000. The hostage was rescued alive and rushed to the hospital where they were admitted for treatment.
Case Under investigation after which suspect will be charged to court for prosecution as soon as possible.
LONDON — Rixo founders and directors Orlagh McCloskey and Henrietta Rix are plotting the expansion of their British contemporary label Rixo. The brand is slated to launch in the U.S. at Saks Fifth Avenue on July 3 and in Le Bon Marché on July 7.
Introduced in 2015, the brand is known for its ladylike dresses, blouses and skirts done in handmade and vintage prints. The duo met while studying at the London College of Fashion and left their roles as buyers at T.K. Maxx and Asos, respectively, to start the company. Rixo is sold on the brand's web site, on Net-a-porter.com and through wholesale accounts and pop-ups.
E-book sales may be declining in the U.S. and U.K., but in South Korea, many people still enjoy swiping instead of leafing through their reading material. E-book sales there are growing steadily each year, driven in part by the popularity of web comics. Ridibooks, which claims to be Korea's largest e-book provider, has raised a $20 million Series C to take advantage of the market.
Investors in the round include Praxis Capital Partners, ShinHan Finance Investment, and Company K Partners. The capital will be used to improve the user experience of Ridibooks' products, which now include Ridibooks, its main bookstore, an e-reader called Ridipaper, and Ridistory, a platform it launched in January for serialized novels and web comics.
TaeWoo Kim, Ridibooks' business manager, says e-book sales in Korea are increasing about 25 percent to 30 percent every year. Ridistory was launched in response to user demand for serialized novels and comics and its top-selling title, a romance novel called “Under the Oak Tree,” has already hit one million views.
Ridibooks made $50 million in revenue last year and currently has more than 2.5 million users who have downloaded a total of 175 million e-books. Its stores have 784,000 titles from 2,000 publishers. Along with its previous rounds, including an $8 million Series B closed at the end of 2014, Ridibooks has raised $35 million to date.
Tom Izzo, here with guard Cassius Winston, says they might explore early enrollment for Thomas Kithier, ruled ineligible by the MHSAA. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
East Lansing — While Thomas Kithier continues to sit at Clarkston, ruled last week as ineligible by the Michigan High School Athletic Association, their future college coach wondered Monday what the next step is while defending the process that got the 6-foot-8 forward in the jam they are now.
After playing three seasons at Macomb Dakota, Kithier transferred to defending Class A state champion Clarkston. Their former school opted not to sign a release, saying the move was athletically motivated.The MHSAA ruling has left Kithier, part of Michigan State's 2018 recruiting class, sitting on the bench.
“I am not crazy about the ruling that I've heard,” Izzo said on Monday. “I think we're archaic in our thinking on this. I think one way or another, this is going to bring some changes to how we look at it from the Michigan High School Athletic Association part.”
Izzo said on Monday they feel “partly to blame” for what has happened because of their desire to keep players from leaving the state.
“I think they were gonna go to a prep school,” Izzo said. “I'm not as crazy about that. I hate when the kids from the state of Michigan are all leaving because of my love for the state.”
That eventually led to Kithier's decision to move to Clarkston, which is coached by Dan Fife, father of Michigan State assistant Dane Fife. Dan Fife has coached at Clarkston for more than 35 years and won their first state title last season.
Izzo staunchly defended the Clarkston coach Monday.
“Dan Fife had zero — ZERO — to do with this,” Izzo said. “And early on, their name was getting dragged through like he's a recruit. Zero. Zero.”
Clarkston can appeal the Executive Committee decision to the MHSAA Representative Council, but that group is not scheduled to meet until March.
Unless there is an earlier meeting scheduled, Kithier might be out of options at the high school level. That has Izzo exploring what they might be able to do from their end, including checking on the possibility of enrolling next semester at Michigan State.
It's a practice more common in football and isn't something Izzo is normally in favor of, but he's open to at least finding out if it's possible.
“To me, a very sad situation because I hate when a senior does not get a chance to go to the prom and play basketball or do this or that,” Izzo said. “That's why I'm against some of these things and all these kids leaving. I'm not even in favor of the football rule where they come at the semester, personally, because I think you're missing out on a lot of things. And I think we have to find a way to do a better job with the rules to make it so there are rules, but there are also adjustments to the rules that will take place in the future.
“I hope it doesn't cost him, but I just don't know enough about all of it because I didn't think it would come to this.”
Spartans get NBA glimpse
Michigan State will get a chance to play at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday when it takes on Oakland and could get another shot in March with NCAA Tournament first and second round games being played at the new arena in Detroit.
But the Spartans got a sneak peek Friday when they were guests for former Spartan Draymond Green for the Pistons-Warriors game.
Izzo was on the road recruiting, but they were happy their team got to be around the NBA environment.
“You kind of want your kids to see winning teams,” Izzo said. “I think it was nice they got to see the arena, but it wasn't like they shot any baskets on it or anything. But it was one of those team-building things the NCAA lets you do now. And thank God for my athletic director and the people with the Pistons who were able to work the whole thing out.
“And then, for those guys to be able to spend a little time with Draymond, I think everybody (felt) it was priceless. I wish I could've been there and spent a little time with (Kevin Durant) myself.”
mcharboneau@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @mattcharboneau
Michigan State vs. Oakland
Tip-off: 2:30 Saturday, Little Caesars Arena, Detroit
TV/radio: ESPNU/760, 1130
Records: Michigan State 9-1; Oakland 6-4
NBA Free Agency: PG13 to OKC - 5 Biggest Losers
Abhinav Sharma FOLLOW TOP CONTRIBUTOR Feature 419 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:42 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Paul George has agreed to a 4 year deal with OKC
Exactly one year ago around this time, the Oklahoma City Thunder took a gamble and traded Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis to the Indiana Pacers in exchange for Paul George even after knowing that they might not be staying long-term. But the gamble has paid off as the 5 time All-Star has finally decided to extend their stay in Oklahoma and has agreed to a four-year, $137 million max contract that includes a player option if they want to leave.
The decision made by George is more of an emotional decision rather than a basketball decision. The relationship they have developed with their co-star Russell Westbrook has been the major factor in them committing to the team long term.
It is a tough decision as they have chosen to stay in OKC rather than take the opportunity to join LeBron James in Los Angeles. Have they made the correct decision?
Let us look at the 5 losers in this free agency signing.
#5 LeBron James
LeBron James loses yet another chance to play with Paul George
LeBron James again loses the chance to play with Paul George.
The 'King' has made their choice and has decided to sign a 4 year, $153.3 million deal with the Los Angeles Lakers as most people predicted they would. With the Lakers having the cap space to add two max deal players this summer, the most talked about free agent other than LeBron that Los Angeles was expected to land was Paul George.
Paul George would have the perfect sidekick to LeBron and the duo with either a young star cast or possibly another star would definitely have formed a championship roster.
LeBron might still get to play with another superstar as many other big names are still up for grabs this off-season and the Lakers are still favorite to land another one of them. But, anything can happen in the NBA and who knows LeBron might regret not being able to play with Paul George in the coming future.
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
Get Screened Earlier For Colorectal Cancer, Urges American Cancer Society
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, most frequently diagnosed among adults over 65. To catch those typically slow-growing malignancies early, when they can often be cured, most doctors' groups recommend colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50.
But the American Cancer Society this week changed its advice and is recommending that screening start five years earlier.
"There is compelling evidence that the optimum age to start is now 45," says Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer of the society, who cites a sharp increase in deaths from colon and rectal cancers among men and women under age 50.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," Wender says.
And the rise is not just because detection is getting better, they say. In fact, the risk of developing colon cancer is twice as high as it was years ago and the risk of developing rectal cancer is four times higher.
"We just have to face reality," says Wender. "We just don't know why it's increasing."
Some of the increase could stem from the increase in obesity in the U.S., a known risk factor for colorectal cancer, they say.
"But we don't think that explains the entire change," they add. "There is a great deal of interest and a lot of research beginning to try to answer that question."
So far, other groups are maintaining their recommendation that colon cancer screening start at age 50, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, an independent, volunteer panel of national experts in disease prevention and evidence-based medicine.
Stanford University internist Douglas K. Owens, the task force's vice-chairperson, says the group's 2016 recommendations were based on extensive review of the benefits and harms of colorectal screening at the time.
"There was limited data on screening people under age 50," Owens says. The new American Cancer Society guidelines, they add, should prompt more research into the relative benefits and harms of screening among younger people.
Dr. Robin B. Mendelsohn, a gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, says there's been an "alarming" increase in cancer among younger adults. She's the co-director of the recently established Center for Young Onset Colorectal Cancer there.
Over the last 10 years, Memorial Sloan Kettering has seen 4,000 new colorectal cancer patients under age 50, they say. Many of them did not have traditional risk factors such as obesity, smoking, alcohol, physical inactivity or a diet high in fat or low in fiber.
In fact, Mendelsohn says, they were typically less likely to smoke and less likely to be overweight than their older counterparts.
"Anecdotally, when you talk with these patients, [some] are marathon runners who don't eat red meat, don't smoke, do everything 'right' and say 'why did this happen to me?' " they say.
Often, they tell them they've seen multiple doctors because of rectal bleeding, but have been told, since they're under 50, they "can't have cancer." That's clearly not the case, they say.
Ongoing studies are looking at a multitude of factors that might be contributing to the earlier cancer incidence. Potential culprits include over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medicines, antibiotics and antidepressants, as well as multiple vitamins, probiotics and other dietary supplements.
The new recommendations should bring greater attention to the value of screening, says Mendelsohn, who suggests that future studies investigate whether even younger people — in their early 40s or even 30s — should be screened.
A first colon cancer screening does not have to be a colonoscopy. In its new recommendations, the cancer society recommends choosing from one of six screening tests, which are also currently recommended by other expert groups. The guidelines don't prioritize among screening choices.
The choices include three at-home kits that test stool for blood.
These kits need to be ordered by a doctor; primary-care providers often have them on hand in the office to give to patients, Wender says, or they may be mailed.
"It's done in the privacy of your own home," they say. Patients mail the sample to a research facility which tests for microscopic traces of blood.
If the test is positive, a colonoscopy is recommended, Wender says; but only one in five people test positive for blood in their stool.
Typically, these home tests of feces are repeated every year for good results.
Alternatively, some patients opt for what's called a "virtual" colonoscopy — essentially a CT scan of the colon — which should be done every five years, according to the new recommendations.
Another approved option is a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which looks at the lower part of the colon, and is followed up by a colonoscopy if polyps are found.
A positive result picked up in these screening tests is typically followed up by a colonoscopy, which uses a tiny camera to investigate the entire colon. It is not only a search for early cancer; more often than not, Wender says, it detects pre-malignant, suspicious lesions, or polyps, which are removed during the procedure.
"When we find and remove polyps we actually prevent any future chance of that developing into cancer," they say.
Despite the high cure rate when colon cancer is caught early, only two-thirds of Americans over 50 get screened.
The American Cancer Society says it endorsed the full range of screening tests "without preference" in order to improve the rate of screening. In its latest advice, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says head-to-head comparison studies have shown that no one screening test is more effective than another in early cancer detection.
While they differ on the age of first screening, both groups suggest that screening over age 75 should be a joint decision between patient and doctor. And after age 85, screening is no longer necessary, the doctors' groups agree. That's because the risk of colonoscopy among this elderly population can outweigh any benefit.
Rockabilly poet, a rocker's rocker, alternative folk singer-songwriter. After recording their first album in 1980, Willie Nile has released more than a dozen studio and live albums. The New York Times called them “one of the most gifted singer-songwriters to emerge from the New York scene in years.”
 They are currently touring across the country and will play at the Ridgefield Playhouse on Feb. 7 with finger-picking acoustic ninja Trace Bundy. Nile recently spoke with us about their musical process.
Andrea Valluzzo: Who's been your biggest musical inspiration?
Willie Nile: All the classic ones: the Beatles, Stones, Bob Dylan, and The Who, rockabilly, the Everly Brothers, Little Richard, Motown, and the British Invasion.
AV: How do you describe your musical style?
WN: I would say it's poetic rock and roll with some literate references here and there — Marx Brothers you can dance to.
AV: What's your writing process? Music first or lyrics first?
WN: It comes every which way. I would say sometimes the words come first and sometimes they come together where it's a guitar lick or a title or just a rhythm.
AV: You've played with a lot of well-known musicians. What are some of your favorite highlights over the years?
WN: I've been very lucky. My first record out, I was asked to tour with The Who across the U.S. So the first time out I was playing small clubs, had never played with a band, and next I know I'm playing arenas, so that was extraordinary. I toured with Ringo and the Star Band, opened up for him, got to sing with them one night. I've been on stage with Springsteen many times, they are very generous … always good fun.
AV: What's a typical day like?
WN: I wake up late morning, pick up the guitar, play a bit, do some stretching, run some errands, go online and catch up (I do most business online). With touring and writing, I'm traveling a lot. I'm not always on the road, but the last four-five months I've been in Europe. I'm always coming and going from Manhattan, so there is not an average day.
AV: Give us a preview of your Playhouse concert. What will the show be like?
WN: It's a full band show. It will be some songs across my catalog: some greatest hits, some obscure things and some Bob Dylan. It's a night of rock and roll, and I'll be doing some of my old songs, new songs and some surprises. It's going to be a night of rock and roll and we are going to burn down the house, blow the roof off — they'd better call the fire department.
AV: What was the inspiration behind your 2016 album, World War Willie?
WN: It's a collection of songs. I thought … there was World War I, World War II, why not World War Willie? It's a collection, a rocking album with some laughter, some tears, and some passion. It's absolutely tied into current events.
AV: Is is true your latest studio album (your 11th), Positively Bob: Willie Nile Sings Bob Dylan, was recorded in only two days?
WN: Ninety percent of that was done in two days. That's not normal. Normally it can take a few weeks. I had great musicians to work with and that made it easy, we got lucky.
AV: What's next for you?
WN: More touring, and I'm going to make another album. I have another batch of songs I'm excited about and hope to record in the spring.
Buy Photo Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said Wednesday that Gov. Rick Snyder is not being charged with any crimes related to the Flint's lead-contaminated water but left the door open to the possibility. (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said Wednesday that Gov. Rick Snyder is not being charged with any crimes related to the Flint's lead-contaminated water but left the door open to the possibility.
Schuette made the comment as they were charging Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon and four other former Flint and state officials with involuntary manslaughter for failing to alert the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area.
There were 12 deaths and 79 other people sickened by Legionnaires' disease in 2014-15, which some experts have linked to the contaminated water after the city switched to Flint River water in April 2014.
When asked at a Wednesday morning news conference why Snyder has not been charged, Schuette said no “crime has been established,” and “we're not filing charges at this time.”
“I know a question I will get today is: Why aren't you charging Gov. Snyder? I've met with people, angry, frustrated, demanding that I charge,” the attorney general said. “And I've heard from several who believe that I've been too harsh on the Snyder administration. Well, so be it.”
Among the Schuette critics is Flint native and filmmaker Michael Moore, who tweeted Wednesday that “Michigan Attorney General fails to arrest Michigan's governor for poisoning the people of Flint. Governor's hack appointees were indicted.”
Schuette told reporters their team attempted to interview Snyder as part of the ongoing investigation but was “not successful.”
Snyder counsel Brian Lennon said the governor is willing to testify under oath and had scheduled a time and date for an interview. But Special Counsel Todd Flood failed to produce an investigative subpoena that had been promised, Lennon said in a statement.
“The Governor testified under oath before Congress and has always been willing to talk with the Office of Special Counsel under oath like every other witness so there is no appearance of special treatment,” Lennon said in a Wednesday statement.
Special prosecutor Flood failed to produce an investigative subpoena, meaning they had “no authority to take testimony under oath nor can they protect the confidentiality of their criminal investigation, something they have publicly said is important in previous hearings in open court in Genesee County,” they added.
When Flood produces the investigative subpoena, Lennon said Snyder will “provide additional testimony under oath.”
Snyder's office has at least $1.2 million in contracts with two private law firms to provide additional legal representation for the governor and their staff in the investigations and civil lawsuits related to Flint's water contamination beyond the regular assistant attorneys general assigned to the governor's office.
Schuette has had testy relations with Snyder's office since they announced in January 2016 that they would conduct a Flint investigation.
Among the flashpoints was a June 2016 fight in which Schuette said Snyder's private attorneys were withholding documents from their Flint water crisis investigators — an accusation the governor's office quickly denied.
A Snyder spokesperson said at the time the governor's office turned over “hundreds of thousands of pages” of records to Flint special prosecutor Todd Flood on separate occasions in March, April, May and June.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sq2fm0
Police in Halifax have released CCTV of burglars who targeted a children's nursery in Ovenden.
The burglars forced their way into Ovenden Private Day Nursery in Ovenden Road during the early hours of Tuesday, November 28.
They have stolen a number of electrical devices, including iPad minis used for engagement with the children.
A police spokesperson today said: "Officers would like to speak to anyone who can identify those in the CCTV, or who has any information about the burglary.
"Equally, police would like to speak to anyone who may have been invited to buy an ipad mini recently, or seen them for sale."
Anyone with any information is asked to contact PC James Hemmingway at Halifax Police Station via 101, quoting 13170555878.
Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Samsung Galaxy A (2018) smartphones are hitting the rumor mills more frequently making us believe that the launch of these devices might not be far away. There are speculations that two of the Galaxy A (2018) models might be announced in the next week but the release might not happen instantly.
One of these smartphones is the Galaxy A8+ (2018) that has already hit the headlines previously. Now the smartphone has been leaked via a hands-on video and this 3-minute video shows the phone from all the sides in full glory.
It gives us a glimpse of what we can expect from the smartphone. Apart from showing the design of the smartphone in the hands-on video, it looks like the source has managed to grab hold of the full list of specifications of the Galaxy A8+ (2018).
According to the video uploaded by Far Star via a Romanian site, the Galaxy A8+ (2018) is rumored to boast a 6-inch Super AMOLED Infinity Display with FHD 2220 x 1080 pixels. The camera aspects are said to feature a 16MP rear camera with OIS and f/1.7 aperture and dual selfie cameras with 16MP and 8MP sensors.
Under its hood, this Samsung smartphone is believed to comprise of a 2.2GHz octa-core Exynos 7885 processor paired with 6GB RAM and 64GB storage space that can be further expanded up to 256GB. A 3500mAh battery might power the Galaxy A8+ (2018) and support fast charging too. The device is likely to be water and dust resistant with the IP68 rating. Given that there will be a full-screen design with Infinity Display, the fingerprint sensor is believed to be positioned at the rear.
Apparently, the Galaxy A8+ (2018) is expected to be available only in select markets by the end of this month for $600 (approx. Rs. 38,500). However, we need to wait for an official confirmation from Samsung regarding the same.
Last year, Gorillaz returned with their first new album in seven years, Humanz. Now, almost a year later, the group has announced another new album is in the works. Set for a June 29 release, Gorillaz's sixth studio album, The Now Now, can be previewed below.
This latest announcement comes with the band's just-launched website, thenownow.tv, which first appeared on posters seen plastered all over London's All Points East Festival.
Check back soon to listen once we've got some new tunes off The Now Now!
Here's a pretty good way to help spark sales in the post-holiday doldrums of early February. This week, Microsoft rolled a handful of new configurations that drop the entry level pricing on a few of its Surface products, in an effort to help drum up some sales during a particularly slow time of year.
The updates were spotted by Windows Central — after all, Microsoft's not exactly broadcasting the new SKUs. Most of the primary messaging behind the company's proprietary line of PCs and convertibles has centered around their high-end specs. It's a point the Microsoft has hammered home as it's worked to make the products viable MacBook competitors.
A $799 Surface Laptop is the most compelling of the bunch. That makes the product $200 cheaper than the former entry level model. It's a pretty tempting price point for the hardware, even if the specs are pretty dismal as far as these things go. The system's powered by an Intel Core m3 chip coupled with 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage.
Though the fact that device is running the stripped down Windows 10 S could help it make the most out of lackluster hardware. After all, while the education-focused version of the operating system was launched along side the Surface Laptop, it's really designed to run on low-priced hardware, like the $189 systems its hardware partners have been producing for the classroom.
For what it's worth, I very much dug the Laptop's design when I reviewed the system a while back. Granted, there was a lot more firepower under the hood in that configuration.
There's also a cheaper version of the Surface Book 2 on the site now. That one's $1,199 for an i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB of storage.
ZURICH, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.1 percent lower at 9,278 points on Friday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Nestle has been accused of violating ethical marketing codes and manipulating customers with misleading nutritional claims about its baby milk formulas, The Guardian newspaper reported.
* SGS said it has bought TraitGenetics GmbH, a company working in the development and analysis of molecular markers for plant breeding research.
* Implenia said it had a good operating performance for the second half of 2017 and will pay a dividend comparable to the previous year. The construction company will post its results on March 1.
* BFW Liegenschaften said it achieved a net profit of 15.9 million Swiss francs ($17.16 million)during 2017, according to its preliminary results.
* Investis said it has completed the previously announced takeover of Société d‘investissements immobiliers SII SA, a Geneva-based property company, with a portfolio of ten residential properties in Geneva. The acquisition price is 108 million Swiss francs.
* Belimo Holding said it will nominate Sandra Emme to its board of directors, while Markus Schuerch will take over as Chief Financial Officer from January 1, 2019.
* Tamedia said it was offering 35.5 Swiss francs for each registered share of Goldbach Group in its previously announced offer for the media company. The offer period will begin on Feb. 19 and run until March 20.
ECONOMY ($1 = 0.9268 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
Bad news for fans of the hit AMC TV series The Walking Dead. It looks like Andrew Lincoln aka Rick Grimes is leaving the show sometime during Season 9.
Sadly, it looks like Grimes will end their show run much like Glen, Carl, and a plethora of other characters throughout the series. While we don't know for sure that AMC will kill off Lincoln's character, it certainly looks that way since they will only appear in six episodes during Season 9.
While The Walking Dead has yet to comment on the news, rumor has it that Norman Reedus aka Darryl will take over as the lead role, as well as get a pretty big pay raise to stay on with the series.
NEW YORK, Aug 14 (APP): Pakistan's Independence Day was celebrated with
traditional fervour and enthusiasm at the Pakistan House In New York on Monday with the hoisting of the national flag by the Pakistani Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi.
The national anthem was played as the green crescent-and-star went up
the mast before a gathering of officers and staff of the Pakistan Mission to the UN and the Consulate General as well as members of the Pakistani diaspora.
The ceremony began with recitation from the Holy Quran.
Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi read out the Independence Day message by
President Mamnoon Hussain and Raja Ali Ejaz, Consul General in New York, read out the message from Prime Minister Shahaid Khaqan Abbasi.
Talking to reporters later, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi highlighted the
importance of the day. They paid glowing tributes to Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah and the sacrifices made by the Muslims of the sub-continent for the creation of Pakistan. Since its independence, they said, Pakistan had made great strides towards progress and prosperity, yet challenges remain. The government was making every effort to realize the Quaid's vision of a modern, democratic and prosperous Pakistan. Defeating terrorism remained a priority, they added.
Dr. Lodhi also expressed the hope that the people of Jammu and Kashmir
would also be able to soon enjoy their fundamental right to self determination, as promised to them by numerous UN Security Council resolutions.
The ceremony concluded by a “dua” for the prosperity and progress of
Pakistan.
Later in the evening, Pakistan will mark the 70th Anniversary of its
Independence at the UN, with the Pakistani Sachal Jazz band performing at the prestigious UN General Assembly Hall.
The concert titled, Music Beyond Boarders, will feature a fusion of
classical eastern instruments with western jazz.
The concert is expected to be largely attended by diplomats, UN
officials, representatives of the civil society and media, as well as the Pakistani diaspora. The event is already oversubscribed.
“At a greater scale and speed than ever before, cities face unprecedented growth of human and societal needs,” said Mauricio Zuazua, Partner with A.T. Kearney and co-author of the report. “And at the same time look to boost their economic productivity and competitiveness to increasingly stratospheric levels to be relevant and win in the global stage.
BUREWALA/KARACHI : The body of a 12-year-old boy was found from the fields near PI Link Canal Breach on Burewala's Multan Road early Saturday morning.
The police said that the child had been murdered after rape, adding that the body has been sent for postmortem.
Taking notice of the incident, Chief Minister Punjab Shehbaz Sharif ordered an inquiry into the incident. The CM also summoned a report from the DPO on the matter.
CM Shehbaz also assured that victim's family of complete cooperation in the case investigation.
The boy has been identified as Ali Manzoor, a resident of Azeemabad. Their family said that the minor had left their house for tuition two days ago and never returned back home.
The police have arrested the prime suspect in the case with the help of victim's family. A case has been registered and further investigation is under way.
Earlier in the day, the body of a seven-year-old boy was found from Gujranwala's Kamoke town.
Authorities speculated that the boy was raped and then murdered. The child was strangulated to death, the authorities added.
Two domestic workers, employed at the victim's house, have been taken into custody and currently being investigated.
In Karachi, police have arrested the brother of a minor boy who had been raped and murdered in the city. The body of the minor was recovered near Stadium Road on Thursday.
According to the post-mortem report, the minor had been sodomized before being killed. The Civil Hospital medico-legal officer (MLO) Dr Shahid said that the minor had been strangled to death after the sexual assault.
Police said the suspect who is the elder brother of the victim is a drug addict and committed the crime after an argument with the father.
Earlier, a case had been registered at the New Town Police Station and included charges of murder and kidnapping.
Orignally published by INP
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Early next year, Big Ben will fall silent.
The famous bell, housed in Elizabeth Tower, will cease to chime due to urgent repairs to the building and clock itself.
The tower overall hasn't been extensively maintained in 31 years and if it's left much longer there's a real risk the clock will stop keeping proper time. The £29 million works at London's Houses of Parliament will take about three years; the clock mechanism will be out of action for "several months".
"During this period there will be no chiming or striking," parliament says on its website.
"Striking and tolling will be maintained for important events."
The best letter
Because of all this, a brilliant young schoolgirl wrote to BBC Radio 4, home of the World at One, offering to replace 'Big Ben's Bongs (lack of)', which mark the beginning of the programme, with their own voice.
It's a marvellous proposition. Equally enjoyable is editor Roger Sawyer's reply. They took the time to write back to the youngster, addressed as Miss Hanson, thanking them for their "very imaginative idea" – but also pointing out that the task might be a little too much for someone still at school.
"Some of the cleverest and most important people at the BBC are scratching their heads, wondering quite what to do," writes Sawyer.
They mention a previous period in which Big Ben was temporarily stopped. Back then, the show aired birdsong in its stead.
Sawyer continues: "I must say I was very much taken with your idea...and have passed it on to those who make the decisions.
(Image: Getty)
"As you know, the Bongs are live ...and (you may not know this) the beginning of the Westminster Chimes (the bit that goes BimBom BimBobBimBom before the first BOOONNNGGGGGGGGGG!) is always at a slightly different time (which is why you sometimes hear someone accidentally talking when they start).
"It depends on things like temperature and atmospheric pressure and stuff like that."
Then Sawyer addresses the fact that the young letter writer might not be able to do the Bongs, as they're broadcast live.
"You'd have to rush in after school each day (and at the weekend), rush home for tea, homework, a bit of chillin' , then a quick sleep.
"And then – here's the hard bit – you'd have to rush back in again at midnight, because there are live bongs again before the midnight news.
"Thats an awful lot of work for someone who is still quite young. I know I wouldn't like to do all that".
We hope they get a chance to do it once...
(Image: Daniel Berehulak/Getty Images)
Sawyer thanks Miss Hanson for writing in. They also mention that he's impressed they listen to Radio 4 , which is known for broadcasting quite high-brow programmes and discussions.
I once tuned in and heard: "Next, we ask: who put the Buzzard, in Leighton Buzzard?"
Of course, it's unlikely that Miss Hanson will be handed the position of Chief Chimer.
But we must hope – we must all hope – that she's brought in as a special guest to do it just once...you know, as it's Christmas.
This article first appeared in December 2016
President Trump Unveils Plan To Fight Opioid Crisis An estimated 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 — the vast majority of those were from heroin or synthetic opioids. New Hampshire is one of the states the hardest hit by the epidemic and on Monday President Trump unveiled their plan to fight the crisis.
England is perhaps the only country in the world where you can't throw a stone without hitting a henge. Yet many people still want all of these strange circles to be protected even if no one is quite sure what their original purpose was. That explains why a newly exposed circle known as the Cotton Henge is drawing controversy because the construction project that uncovered it would like to continue building a warehouse over it.
“The henge was known about prior to a planning application being submitted. One of the conditions imposed on the application as recommended by the archaeologist was that a scheme of works be developed that sets out how the developers planned to investigate and record their findings.”
If that sounds like politicians trying to cover their henge-uncovering behinds, you're right. The East Northamptonshire District Council, whose jurisdiction contains Cotton Henge, points out that the 4,000-year-old monument (seen here) was discovered by aerial photographers in the 1970s and may not even be a henge in the first place. Previous studies in the 1980s and 1990s found no standing stones – not required but certainly something that would make it tourist-worthy – and no confirmed entranceway which would identify it as a ceremonial structure.
Also, the Late Neolithic (3000-2500 BCE) monument's outer ditch, measuring 100 m (330 feet) in diameter, may or may not have had an outer bank — another henge requirement. However, it's part of The Raunds Area Project which is investigating over 20 Neolithic and Bronze Age monuments in the Nene Valley area in an attempt to determine their purposes.
Does investigation equate to protection from construction? That's what the members of a different group – the Warth Park development project — want to know. While they were given approval by the council to build a large warehouse on the grounds, locals told the Northampton Chronicle that they knew nothing about the henge and have formed a Stop Warth Park website and Facebook page to draw attention to the development. (View of development area and protests here.)
As expected, both sides have their own archeologists defending their views. As Liz Mordue, archaeological advisor to Northamptonshire County Council, puts it:
“All work in Northamptonshire is undertaken against the background of the East Midlands Research Framework which enables us to focus our work on detailed research objectives and ensures that we achieve meaningful results, not only for the archaeological profession but also for the communities where the work takes place.”
Historians want to preserve the monuments, residents want to preserve the view and the property values, and businesses want to preserve the economy and profits. All they need now is to find an engendered species of worms living in Cotton Henge and everything will grind to a halt.
Who's going to win the fight for Cotton Henge? Who deserves to win?
No one likes to talk about rejection. It's painful and personal and typically tied to shame. However, when writer Kiki Schirr shared their “rejection goal” on Twitter, it opened up a conversation about success a lot of people didn't realize they needed to have.
“At the beginning of the year, I made an oath to receive 100 rejection letters by Dec 31, so I started applying for tons of out-of-my-league opportunities.” Schirr (@KikiSchirr) tweeted, adding that a handful of their expected rejections actually turned into acceptances. They ended the tweet with three simple words: “Take more chances.” The tweet quickly went viral and has since been liked and retweeted tens of thousands of times.
I started to apply to opportunities that I considered beyond my reach.
In the spirit of their viral tweet, Schirr spoke to Bustle about rejection, acceptance, and using both as a measure of success.
“As the end of last year was approaching, I was in a dark place professionally,” Schirr shares over email, mentioning the video chat startup Wekiki.party they founded and was dedicating most of their time to. “I wasn't bringing in a lot of money and I wasn't sure what I wanted to do with life in general. ...and that's a doozy to think about!”
When we feel in a rut professionally, it can be hard to find our way out. Not knowing where to start can be stressful not to mention scary. (Schirr says this experience also caused their anxiety, personally.) Schirr says they initially tried reframing the situation in their head, thinking of each new opportunity they could apply for as one small piece of a larger puzzle. “But even that seemed daunting.”
“So I told myself that it wasn't about acceptances at all,” Schirr says, and so they began “collecting” rejections.
“This had a slightly unintended consequence in that I started to apply to opportunities that I considered beyond my reach,” Schirr says, admitting they applied for positions they previously wouldn't have, opportunities that seemed so unattainable they wouldn't have given them a second thought. While few of those long-shot applications may have panned out, other opportunities did end up coming their way because of their failure-based experiment.
“One thing that I didn't make clear in my tweet or even my Medium post [explaining the experiment] is that while applications are great for jobs that exist, it would seem that many opportunities never have an application process, but instead, are directly offered to people who are known to be looking,” Schirr says.
One of the biggest parts of finding ways to progress in your career is putting yourself out there. A piece of career advice everyone should abide by is, quite simply, don't say no to yourself before you've given someone else the chance to respond. Don't let your default assumption be that you're too unqualified or not a good fit if it's an opportunity you're excited about. Basically, don't preemptively reject yourself.
“If you begin to put yourself out there, many opportunities begin to arise seemingly out of the blue,” Schirr says.
This rejection project came with its own set of flaws and failures. In their Medium post, Schirr details some of the caveats to the project. For example: “If you apply to 100 colleges, you'll likely go broke.” Schirr recommends prioritizing certain goals based on finances or counting applications rather than just rejections if you work in an industry where not hearing back happens frequently. “If I had it to tweet over, I would, but maybe with my flaw list attached,” they say to Bustle. “The last thing I want is for my idea to cause people stress!”
A couple other amendments to keep in mind: “The number of rejections doesn't correspond to the amount of success received in return, which will vary person to person, country to county, and industry to industry.” Schirr also admits to Bustle, “It's kind of tiring, and when you've reached a good stopping point, you shouldn't blame yourself for not reaching 100.”
Schirr admits that not all the responses have been positive, with some critiquing their tweet as a “humblebrag” or that their individual circumstances have benefited them in this process. “To varying degrees, these aren't unfair criticisms,” they tell Bustle. However, the overwhelming number of positive responses and messages saying how much their story encouraged others to put themselves out there “have more than made up for any sting the criticism caused me.”
As much of Schirr's work involves ghostwriting for crypto firms, they aren't able to namedrop specific successes. However, they share, “I just recently put in an application to my dream job and yesterday they asked me for my salary expectations! So there's a chance that I'll soon be writing for my ideal outlet!”
Either way, Schirr has certainly found success.
Hours after ABC canceled its top-rated sitcom “Roseanne” on Tuesday, Hollywood power players weighed in on the stunning turn of events that followed a racist tweet sent by star Roseanne Barr.
“I think ABC did absolutely the right thing in cancelling the show. I commend (Disney's) Ben (Sherwood) and Bob (Iger) and the whole ABC team,” Richard Plepler told Variety while attending Lincoln Center's American Songbook Gala in New York, where they were honored for their contributions to the arts as chairperson and CEO of HBO. “There's absolutely no room in our culture for that kind of bigotry. It's unacceptable and I applaud the alacrity in which they did it,” Plepler said.
Barr posted a message on Twitter Tuesday morning saying, “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj” in reference to Jarrett, an African-American woman born in Iran. As the backlash erupted on social media, ABC pulled the plug on Barr's revival series, which was due to return in the fall with 13 more episodes. As the news of the cancellation rocked the industry, there was much discussion about all the jobs lost in the split second it took for Barr to post their racist statement, which they later apologized for.
“I don't know in this situation if it was fair or not,” said Ted Sarandos, chief content officer for Netflix. “When we were faced with a similar situation in how to keep ‘House of Cards' going post-Kevin [Spacey], we decided to keep on going for the 300 people who worked on the show and the 2,000 people in Baltimore who depend on that show for their living. It's a really tough situation to end any production and leave people without jobs. For us, we went forward and it allowed us to provide a new great season of television.”
The “Roseanne” debacle underscores the perils and pitfalls of social media for the entertainment industry. While it can be a great promotional tool and a means of stars communicating directly to fans, it has its downsides. Some critics say it's a breeding ground for negativity. Sarandos says Twitter is “unfiltered for better or for worse” while Bravo's Andy Cohen argues that Twitter is nothing but harmful.
“Twitter is a cauldron of hate,” said the ‘Watch What Happens Live!' host. “You have to be really careful about the things you say — the outrage police is strong. People are waiting to be outraged and attack you over everything. But, in this case with Roseanne, this was something that actually should be outraged about.”
Cohen admits they do censor themselves at times when using Twitter in order to keep peace with their fans. As a result, most of their tweets are used to promote their work.
“If I didn't have a talk show, I probably would not be on Twitter,” they said.
While the dizzying demise of “Roseanne” dominated conversations during the gala's red carpet arrivals and cocktail hour, HBO stars such as John Oliver, Lena Dunham and Nicole Kidman later took the stage of Alice Tully Hall to thank Plepler for their support and commitment in creating meaningful television shows and films on the cabler. Kidman called the exec their “cheerleader, mentor and very good friend,” and said they have changed their lives by allowing them to produce “Big Little Lies” with Reese Witherspoon.
“He took a chance on us. Not only as actores, but also as producers. They greenlit the production primarily produced by women, starring women way before there was a big push to do so,” said Kidman. “Thank you Richard for believing in us and giving us the chance to do it all over again and greenlighting season 2.”
The night's crowd-pleasing performances included Tony Bennett, Jimmy Buffett, Keith Urban, Renée Elise Goldsberry and “Game of Thrones” star Emilia Clarke, who sang a soulful rendition of “The Way You Look Tonight.”
This year's gala raised $3.1 million and the proceeds will support the American Songbook series, which is a celebration of the country's greatest songwriters, as well as the Lincoln Center's educational and community programs.
(Pictured: Richard Plepler)
PANAJI, India (Reuters) - India's Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) will launch the country's first gold options contract in September allowing even smaller players in the bullion industry an instrument to hedge their risk, a senior company official told Reuters.
"Somewhere around end September we will launch gold options. We have already conducted mock drills," Murgank Paranjape, managing director of MCX, said on the sidelines of a conference.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has approved the options contract, they said.
"For years the market has been waiting for options. This will give many small jewellers an opportunity to hedge their risk without worrying about daily volatility," said Prithviraj Kothari, managing director of RiddiSiddhi Bullions Ltd.
India is the world's second-biggest buyer of gold, typically importing around 800 tonnes a year, with the metal being used in everything from investment to religious donations and wedding gifts.
In June, India's markets regulator allowed hedge funds registered as category III Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) to invest in commodity derivatives as clients, opening up the market to institutional investors for the first time.
Harmony Hedge Fund has started trading on the MCX platform and another 35 hedge funds have approached the exchange for admission, Paranjape said.
Gold options and entry of hedge funds will increase the exchange's turnover in the next fiscal year, Paranjape said.
MCX's total income fell 7.1 percent from a year ago to 872.4 million rupees in the June quarter.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lyondellbasell Industries Nv:
* LYONDELLBASELL REPORTS 2017 EARNINGS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.80 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* U.S. TAX REFORM PROVIDED AN $819 MILLION ONE-TIME, NON-CASH BENEFIT IN Q4
* QTRLY SALES AND OTHER OPERATING REVENUES $9,135 MILLION VERSUS $7,747 MILLION
* Q4 REVENUE VIEW $8.79 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* STRONG GLOBAL DEMAND AND DELAYS IN CAPACITY ADDITIONS ACROSS INDUSTRY HAVE IMPROVED OUTLOOK FOR 2018
* ‍NET EFFECT OF BOND REFINANCING, GEOSEL GAIN, TAX REFORM BENEFIT POSITIVELY IMPACTED FY 2017 EARNINGS BY $2.05 PER SHARE​
* LYONDELLBASELL - ‍ONE-TIME, NON-CASH BENEFIT FROM U.S. TAX REFORM REDUCED NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES AND INCREASED EARNINGS BY $2.07 PER SHARE IN Q4 ​
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.56 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WWE Rumors: Timing problems at WWE Elimination Chamber?
Did WWE experience some timing issues at the SmackDown PPV?
by Harald Math News 15 Feb 2017, 16:51 IST
Bliss and Naomi may have been rushed this past Sunday
What's the story?
Earlier this week Dave Meltzer spoke of potential timing issues WWE may have had at last weekend's Elimination Chamber pay-per-view. Speaking to Bryan Alvarez on the much lauded Wrestling Observer Radio show, Meltzer reported that wrestlers were coming out of their pods at inconsistent time-periods during the eponymous main event as opposed to coming out at the official five-minute intervals.
Alvarez also said that the SmackDown Women's Championship match was cut short by two minutes, which led to Alexa Bliss and Naomi rushing somewhat and mistiming a number of spots.
In case you didn't know...
The nature of professional wrestling is such that it is difficult to time perfectly, such is the physical and chaotic nature of the art, and this is particularly true at the highest level. The Elimination Chamber pay-per-view is the latest example of talents being restricted because of timing problems.
The heart of the matter
Even so, committing to WWE official timed intervals is folly at best. The Royal Rumble is supposed to see a new entry every two minutes (or 90 seconds some years) but anyone who decides to watch the match with a stopwatch will know that this simply isn't true.
This won't be the first time that Elimination Chamber entrants have entered the match at inconsistent intervals and it almost certainly won't be the last.
WWE is in control of its own universe and as such can do as it pleases with timing in gimmick matches, but Alexa Bliss and Naomi will have every right to be aggrieved about their match being cut short. This was Naomi's big moment, and whilst the emotion was almost certainly still there, it was a shame that the full story wasn't able to be played out.
What's next?
Absolutely nothing. WWE will continue to control its own universe and commit to certain timed intervals, before flouting those intervals in the matches themselves. It isn't a big deal in the slightest.
As for the timing problems with the Women's Championship match, the two competitors will have no choice but to dust themselves off and accept it as occasionally inevitable in the crazy world of professional wrestling.
Sportskeeda's take
The Bliss/Naomi match may well have suffered because of the few minutes being shaved off, but we are also of the opinion that botches can often help a match, adding to the legitimacy of the combat. Our enjoyment of that match and the Elimination Chamber itself certainly was not compromised by the timing issues.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
U.S. President Donald Trump waves after arriving by helicopter at Morristown Airport to depart aboard Air Force One bound for Washington in Morristown, New Jersey, U.S. August 14, 2017.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump returned to Washington on Monday to authorise an inquiry into China's alleged theft of intellectual property, a step that analysts say is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices.
Trump broke from their 17-day vacation in New Jersey to sign a presidential memorandum at the White House, set for 3 p.m. The order will instruct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to look into whether to investigate China's trade policies on intellectual property, which the White House says are harming U.S. businesses and jobs.
The action is likely to escalate tensions with Beijing at a time when Washington has asked for its help on North Korea.
"Much work to do. Focus on trade and military," Trump said on Twitter in reference to the upcoming announcement.
China's policy of forcing foreign companies to turn over technology to Chinese joint venture partners and failure to crack down on intellectual property theft have been longstanding problems for U.S. administrations.
Although Trump constantly criticized China's trade practices on the campaign trail, their administration has not taken direct action against Beijing. It declined to name China a currency manipulator and has delayed broader national security probes into imports of foreign steel and aluminium that could indirectly affect China.
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations and warned the Trump administration not to make a rash decision it could regret.
The investigation could take up to a year, according to administration officials, opening the door to a settlement before a possible investigation is launched.
Matthew Goodman, a senior adviser for Asian economics at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Beijing would likely resist negotiating under the threat of trade sanctions but could be amenable to a backdoor deal.
"I'm sure they will formally reject this if an investigation is launched and there is an implication this is going to require negotiation to resolve it," Goodman said. "But will they quietly be willing to talk about some of the underlying concerns?"
Jonathan Fenby, an analyst at the TS Lombard consultancy, said China was not interested in a short-term trade fix with the United States and will resist "attempts to tie it down."
Trump had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressured for China's cooperation on North Korea.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from "unfair trade practices" of foreign countries.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:02 pm |
GoDaddy signage announce the company's IPO, in front of the New York Stock Exchange in New York in April 2015. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)
(AP) - A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville.
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. But one of The Daily Stormer's contributors said that post was just a prank.
“We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it,” said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said they couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move.
“I don't have time to talk; we're trying to regain control of the site,” they said in an email to The Associated Press.
Auernheimer, known online as “weev,” said GoDaddy hadn't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision. They said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service.
“We'll get it taken care of,” Auernheimer said. “If we need a new domain, we'll get a new domain.”
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. “Only the domain is with GoDaddy,” Race added.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called “Jewish Problem” and “Race War.”
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its “Troll Army” of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat, and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a “Zionist Millionaire.”
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after their family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing them and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an “extortion racket” against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned them from using the service. And they complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what it loves.
Related
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – Penny Pitch 2017 is finally here!
RELATED: Penny Pitch
This Thursday and Friday, WOWO will host a radiothon to raise funds for this year's Penny Pitch recipient, Shepherd's House.
Founded in 1998 by Barb and Lonnie Cox, Shepherd's House provides temporary housing for homeless military veterans living with addictions.
Shepherd's House can hold roughly 40 veterans. During their stay, men will get the help they need, whether it be medical, financial, educational, social, etc. The goal is to help the men become productive members within the community.
This year, WOWO has compiled a great list of incentive items that will be given away each hour to those who choose to donate during the radiothon, including autographed replica jerseys from Komets legends, a custom WOWO Tincaps jersey, Pacers tickets, and gift cards to Fort Wayne favorites like DeBrand's, Baker Street, and the Hoppy Gnome!
If you're interested in donating now, text “PENNY” to 46862 or donate online here.
If you'd like to donate during the radiothon, call 260-918-2485 on Thursday, Dec. 14 or Friday, Dec. 15 from 5 a.m. until 6 p.m.
For more up-to-date information on this event, visit our Facebook page.
The New England Patriots have eight picks in the 2018 NFL Draft. It wouldn't hurt if two of those picks turned into quarterbacks.
Tom Brady's priorities are changing, as they have elected to skip voluntary workouts for the first time in eight years. Rumors began spreading they were mulling retirement.  They are and they aren't, according to reports.
What's more, they don't look 40 years old, but they are. I'm not going bang the drum that “HE'S ON THE EDGE OF A CLIFF!” But the TB12 method can only protect them from contact in so many ways. If they take an unexpected hit to the knees from to blindside (where he'll have a new protector at left tackle in 2018), then everyone who has watched the sport knows what could happen. Season over. Career in jeopardy.
As noted in the apocalyptic feature by ESPN's Seth Wickersham, there's a feeling within the Patriots organization that they must always have a plan at quarterback beyond Brady. Jimmy Garoppolo was that plan before Belichick (or what is Robert Kraft?) traded him.
With no one but Brian Hoyer and Brady, New England needs a quarterback of the future shipped expressly to them. They can make that happen with four picks in the top 62 selections of the upcoming draft. Picking at Nos. 23, 31, 43 and 63, the Patriots have the ability to move to practically any position in the draft to take almost any quarterback (or player) they please.
They should take one of their top-rated signal-callers in one of the first two rounds. And then they should identify a raw prospect in the later rounds (or one who becomes an undrafted free agent) to bring into the mix. After all, folks would have looked at Tom Brady and said they look like a career backup at best. Teams probably saw players like Matt Hasselbeck and Brad Johnson as camp arms. Tony Romo, Warren Moon and Kurt Warner went undrafted. Sure, they're exceptions. Frankly, they're anomalies. But they serve as proof that late-round players can exceed expectations.
Why not bring in another arm for a look? Why not aim for another anomaly at a time when you've got the assets to put the chips on the table?
If nothing else, the Patriots need another arm at OTAs when Brady will seemingly be absent. New England has a sixth-round pick and two seventh-rounders. Perhaps the Patriots will end up with UCLA's Josh Rosen and Princeton's Chad Kanoff or Richmond's Kyle Lauletta and Toledo's Logan Woodside.
Depth won't be an issue when the Patriots put together a 53-man roster. So they might as well bring on two quarterbacks at this time of transition.
Ryan Clark provides an intriguing reaction to hearing Leonard Fournette call Blake Bortles a top-five quarterback. Clark adds that since Dede Westbrook returned, Bortles has played better and gives the Jaguars a shot in the postseason. (1:10)
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles wanted to talk about the receivers, the offensive line and running back Leonard Fournette.
Everyone else, however, wanted to talk about Bortles and what he's done the past two weeks, especially throwing for 268 yards and two touchdowns in the Jaguars' 30-24 victory over Seattle at EverBank Field.
“These last couple of games he's playing amazing,” defensive end Calais Campbell said. “He looks like Tom Brady these last couple games. I know Tom Brady does it all the time, but these last couple games, Blake was out there leading the team, playing confident and having fun.”
Campbell was more than a little over the top there, but Bortles has been really good the past two weeks: 577 yards, 71 percent completions, four touchdowns, no interceptions and zero sacks. They ripped through Indianapolis and its beat-up secondary on Dec. 3 but was even more impressive against Seattle.
If Blake Bortles continues to play the way they have the past two weeks, the Jaguars are a team that needs to be taken seriously. Reinhold Matay/USA TODAY Sports
Granted, the Seahawks were without cornerback Richard Sherman, safety Kam Chancellor and defensive end Cliff Avril. Even though linebackers K.J. Wright and Bobby Wagner were injured during the game and did not return, that was essentially the same lineup that held Philadelphia's Carson Wentz to just 10 points last weekend.
Bortles completed 18 of 27 passes, and two of the incompletions were drops by James O'Shaughnessy and Marcedes Lewis. They had three completions of 20 or more yards, including a 75-yard touchdown pass to Keelan Cole one play after Seattle tied the game at 10 on Doug Baldwin's touchdown catch.
That was a moment that gets forgotten in the wake of the victory and the events at the end of the game, but it was perhaps the most critical throw they made over the past two weeks. It answered a Seahawks score, gave the Jaguars the lead for good and flipped the momentum.
“Blake is balling,” cornerback Jalen Ramsey said. “We know who our quarterback is, and we know what he's been doing, week in and week out, helping us get victories.
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios.
NFL Playoff Machine
“That was a huge play.”
Bortles was more concerned with spreading credit than taking any himself, even though this was their seventh interception-free game of the season (his previous best in a season was six last season).
“I felt as though I put our offense in a chance to score points,” Bortles said. “Obviously, not turning the ball over is a big part of that. There will be plays that were bad that we have to get corrected, but there were a lot of plays made out there by the wide receivers, running backs and the offensive line that were pretty awesome.”
That might be true, but as good as the defense has been and as effectively as they have run the ball, whether the Jaguars make a run in the playoff depends on how well Bortles plays. If they continue to play the way they have the past two weeks, they could be around for a while.
Then everybody will be talking about him.
r.
Valentine had dragged their supposed dad, Oscar, to a DNA test centre in Britain after their mother informed them a month ago that the man who had brought them up for the last 32 years may not actually be their dad.
As a doting father, Oscar had brought Valentine to England from Nigeria and put them through school.
When the result of the DNA test was read to him, Oscar wailed in agony as the results said there was “no per cent chance” they and Valentine were father and son.
Oscar wailed in despair as they asked: “He's not my son?”
Valentine was speechless.
A middle aged Nigerian man has discovered that a young man they raised from birth and who is now 32 years old is not their biological son, after all.The Nigerian man who resides in the United Kingdom, Mr. Oscar, was forced to arrange for a DNA test to determine the paternity of their erstwhile son, Valentine, when their wife allegedly told their presumed son that Oscar was not likely to be Valentine's biological fathe
Kevin Feige, producer and president of Marvel Studios, hinted at what fans can expect from the upcoming “Captain Marvel” film starring Brie Larson.
At the world premiere for Marvel's latest film “Avengers: Infinity War,” the man behind the comic-book giant gave updates on the current production of “Captain Marvel.”
Without giving too much away or spoiling the film, Feige did tease set designs. “In the '90s there were things called video stores,” they explained. “You could go into video stores and you could pick up VHSs and decide what movies you wanted to go see. I miss that. That was fun. We're doing certain sets that look like that and it's fun to be back in that era because I'm old.”
Feige built anticipation for the movie as they promised, “You're going to get the most powerful superhero that we've ever introduced with, I think, one of the most unique and inspiring origin stories.”
They noted that the movie is “less than halfway through filming.”
The film will allow the Marvel Cinematic Universe to depict an era it has never explored before: the '90s. Feige also revealed that the film will follow Samuel L. Jackson's character Nick Fury who “thought the Cold War is over [so] the best days are behind him.” They continued, “He encounters certain things in this movie. It sets them on that path that leads us to where we are 19 films later.”
Although “Captain Marvel's” release date is almost a year away, it will arrive before the final “Avengers” film.
“Captain Marvel” is expected to hit theaters March 6, 2019.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Pyne Gould Corporation Ltd:
* ‍THERE HAS BEEN A SETTLEMENT IN A DISPUTE WITH WILACI PTY LIMITED OVER LATE PAYMENT FEES​
* ‍SETTLEMENT WILL RESULT IN REVERSAL OF WILACI LITIGATION EXPENSE IN RESPECT OF NZGP; SETTLEMENT AMOUNT TO BE EXPENSED VIA TFLP​
* ‍NOT YET POSSIBLE TO QUANTIFY OVERALL IMPACT; IMPACT TO BE REFLECTED IN PGC‘S NEXT HALF YEAR REPORT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
newlyweds supermodel Kate Upton and Houston Astros pitcher Justin Verlander share the day in a spread in Vogue. (Photo: KT Merry)
They shared a wedding pic in November and that was all.
Now newlyweds supermodel Kate Upton and Houston Astros pitcher Justin Verlander share the day in a spread in Vogue.
“Inside Kate Upton and Justin Verlander's Whirlwind Wedding Weekend in Tuscany,” which posted Monday, says it was the wedding that almost wasn't. Suddenly thrust into Game 7 of the World Series, Verlander found the first weekend in November wasn't going to make it for the nuptials.
“...(O)n November 2, instead of being en route to Italy for their November 4 wedding, Justin was in Los Angeles for their team's 5–1 win over the Dodgers in a game ...” Vogue writes.
It took more than a year after the longtime couple announced their engagement to make it to the wedding in Tuscany on Nov. 4. Verlander, the former Tigers pitching ace, won their first World Series three days earlier.
The photos, by KT Merry Photographer & Traveler, include the Rosewood Castiglion Del Bosco resort; pictures of the rehearsal dinner with candelabras and crystal goblets; Upton in a red Valentino gown and Verlander in a matching suit jacket and black trousers (he's also seen in one photo in their wedding tux, holding out the suit front panels to expose the words “Just” on one inside panel and “Married” on the other); Upton prepping for the walk down the aisle, their Anita Ko eight-carat round diamond engagement ring (on which Verlander collaborated) prominent in the scene; and Upton in their white Valentino wedding dress, train spread out in front of them
“I was able to really include my personal style and create my dream dress,” Upton, a native of St. Joseph, Michigan, told Vogue.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BdKiMs
Dear Abby: I am a bridesmaid for my brother's upcoming wedding. However, their fiancee is throwing out some crazy mandates for the big day:
1. All family members must wear contact lenses. Glasses will not be allowed because they look ugly in pictures. (Both their mom and my parents wear glasses.)
2. They made my dad get dental work to “improve their smile.”
3. I recently tore my ACL, and they say I can't bring crutches to the ceremony because they don't want them in the pictures.
How much more of this should our family put up with? I love them as my niece's mother, but not as my future sister-in-law. Would it be better to tell them I won't be a bridesmaid? I am afraid to speak up because I want a relationship with my niece.
Afraid Of Bridezilla
Dear Afraid: Your brother's fiancee appears to have gone off the deep end. Weddings are supposed to be about love, commitment and the joining together of two families, not the photo album.
While I sympathize with their desire for a “perfect” wedding, the idea that your parents and their mother must invest in contact lenses or miss seeing the ceremony and reception because glasses aren't “allowed” is ludicrous. And the suggestion that you leave your crutches and risk further damaging your ACL is off the charts.
Talk to your brother. Perhaps they can make their ladylove see the light. If not, I wouldn't blame you — and your parents and their mother, by the way — if you decided to skip the “show.”
Dear Abby: My husband, “Jason,” and I have a 19-year-old daughter, “Laurie,” who finished their first-year student year of college with a 4.0 GPA. They have always been a great student and is interested in theater, music and dance. They have NEVER given us any trouble.
My husband is very conservative and opinionated about politics. Our daughter has become much more politically liberal over the last couple of years. Jason thinks it is disrespectful of them to not want to listen to them try to influence them to think like they do (he has tried before). I have told Jason they need to work out their own political beliefs and, as they mature and sees how the business world works, she'll probably become more moderate.
Jason is now insisting we set a time when “the three of us can talk,” which means he'll lecture them What can I do as a mother and wife to mediate this meeting?
Love Them Both in Arkansas
Dear Love: I see no way that what your husband has in mind will be either pleasant or productive. However, because they are their father, Laurie owes them the respect of hearing them out. When the conversation becomes heated — as it very well may — suggest a timeout until they both cool down. Or leave the room if it becomes too stressful for you.
Contact Dear Abby at DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wDIfeT
Donations Sought For "Blessing In A Backpack" Program In Brighton Schools
May 30, 2018
Donations are being sought for a new program that will make sure kids in need don't go hungry over the weekend.
Brighton Area Schools will be taking part in the Blessing in a Backpack program, which helps feed elementary school children on the weekend. Each week, backpacks are filled with enough non-perishable food for the weekend to students that qualify on the federal free and reduced lunch program. The cost is $100 per child, per year. The goal is to keep students from going hungry on the weekends and remove barriers to academic success. A steering committee is hoping to raise enough funds to start sending backpacks home with students in the fall.
Retired BAS Teacher and Administrator Kay Nicholas tells WHMI there is definitely a need and it's a very beneficial program. They say they're in the organizational phase right now and have begun collecting donations to start the program at the elementary level, where approximately 260 kids qualify. The backpacks will be filled with various items such as mac and cheese, juice boxes, granola bars and canned fruit.
Blessing in a Backpack is a national program through which Meijer will get the food together each week. It will be housed and packed at the Brighton Board of Education offices before being delivered to elementary schools for students to take home each Friday. Ideally, the program would be expanded to all Brighton schools as funds become available. In addition to donations, volunteers will eventually be needed to help pack food.
To date, roughly $3,500 has been raised. Those wishing to donate can do so by selecting Brighton Area Schools on the national website. That link is provided. Anyone wanting to get involved can contact Nicholas at 810-588-7950 or via email knicholas888@yahoo.com. (JM)
Question: I've seen some headlines about the bank stress tests in the past few weeks. I own a few bank stocks. What does this mean to me?
Answer: Remember how during the 2008 financial crisis many banks were being referred to as "too big to fail"? Well, the stress tests are designed to ensure that any bank that is too big to fail doesn't fail – under any circumstances.
The stress tests apply to all banks over a certain size. In 2017 and prior years, the threshold has been $50 billion in assets. Recent rollbacks of banking regulations have increased the threshold to $100 billion for 2018, and this will gradually rise to $250 billion over the coming years.
The tests are designed to discover what would happen to the nation's largest banks in the event of a severe global recession, which is defined as negative 7.5 percent GDP growth over seven quarters, 10 percent unemployment, a 65 percent drop in stock prices and a few other pretty terrible conditions.
For investors, aside from learning how well-capitalized each bank is, the most important thing the stress tests do is determine whether or not each bank's capital plan is approved by the Federal Reserve. In other words, these large banks (formally referred to as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs) need the Fed's approval before paying dividends or buying back shares with their capital.
Finally, it's important to mention that while there are minimum capital levels that need to be maintained under adverse conditions, there's no pass/fail threshold when it comes to the capital plans. In other words, it's entirely possible for a bank to pass the stress test and still have its capital plan rejected.
More: Banks clear Fed's doomsday stress test, but investors await word on their payouts
More: Why was General Electric removed from Dow Jones industrial average? Ask a Fool
More: Now that interest rates are rising, should I keep more money in cash? Ask a Fool
Recently have tightened lending standards for consumers.
AP
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of June 4, 2018.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
BOSTON -- It's unlikely 20-year-old rookie Rafael Devers will start a game at DH this postseason because manager John Farrell prefers a "veteran presence" in that spot.
Before Game 1, Farrell was asked if they considered starting Eduardo Nunez at third base and Devers at DH. Nunez started yesterday at DH but re-injured their knee running to first base in their first at-bat.
At that point, Farrell said Nunez was healthy enough to play third base and second base.
"No," Farrell replied. "And the DH slot to me there's some veteran presence I think is beneficial when you're in that spot."
Devers has elite power but has struggled in the field. They committed 14 errors in 56 games and Farrell said yesterday Marrero will be used as a defensive replacement for Devers in late in tight postseason games.
The left-handed hitting phenom surprisingly isn't in the Red Sox lineup today for Game 2 vs. left-handed starter Dallas Keuchel. Deven Marrero is at third base instead.
Devers went 20-for-50 .400 (batting average) with a .474 on-base percentage, .600 slugging percentage, 1.074 OPS, two homers, four doubles and four RBIs vs. lefties during the regular season.
Photo by Iowa Foodie.
BY SHANNON RABOTSKI
In recent years, craft beer has been gaining popularity throughout the United States.
An American craft brewery is any brewery that is small, independent and traditional, producing fewer than 6 million barrels a year, according to the American Brewers Association.
Despite being behind many other large cities in the brew scene, Des Moines' brewery count has been growing in the past decade, and today the city is home to over 10 breweries, with six of them nestled downtown.
“We're a little behind the times in the brewing world,” said Mark David, taproom director at Confluence Brewing Company. “If you look at Denver, there's probably 100 plus breweries just in Denver alone, so I think there's a lot of room for new product and breweries in the market.”
The growing youth population of Des Moines is what makes it a good area for breweries to be popping up, David said.
Des Moines' breweries range from small, locally based breweries to large commercial companies that ship beer all over the state.
Peacetree Brewing Company is one of Des Moines' smaller breweries. Opened in 2009, Peacetree prides itself on bringing craft beer to Iowa.
Peacetree has grown from a small brewery that hand-delivered their beers to stores around the state to one of Des Moines' most well-known breweries, with 14 full-time employees and product distribution throughout Iowa and Nebraska.
“When we started, we wanted to make some styles of beer that nobody else in Iowa was brewing at the time, and now we try to stick to that same plan. We try to have something a little bit different that nobody else is doing,” said Joe Kesteloot, Peacetree's head brewer since its opening in 2009.
Despite its growth and development since opening its doors almost a decade ago, Peacetree plans to remain a small, local brewery.
“Right now, everybody really supports small and local businesses,” Kesteloot said. “I think that for us, our size has really helped us out.”
On the other hand, Confluence Brewing Company opened in 2012 and has since grown from a small brewery to a large commercial brewery that ships beer to over 550 towns in Iowa.
“We're here to be a production brewery, not just a little small town taproom-only thing,” David said. “We focus on distribution.”
They started in a small section of a large warehouse, but were able to take over more space as they grew and other tenants left, leaving them three times larger today than they were when their doors opened.
“We were very much about slow growth, instrumental growth,” David said. “We didn't open up as this huge brewery. We set ourselves up for growth, but it took us a few years to get there.”
Confluence Brewery is the third largest brewery in Iowa in terms of production.
They offer a variety of beers, both year-round and seasonal, with their most popular being their Des Moines IPA.
“I think something that people don't realize is that we're not just making the same handful of beers year-round,” David said. “We're constantly making new products, finding new stuff.”
Though Des Moines' brewery scene can pale (ale) in comparison to that of larger cities, it is up and coming and has been growing every year.
Experts say Australia is in the midst of its worst ever flu season, with more than 4000 cases recorded in Queensland just in the past week.
Australia is experiencing its worst ever flu season with the total number of cases so far exceeding 70,000.
In the past week alone there were more than 4000 notifications of influenza just in Queensland, taking the state's total to 19,216.
"It looks like we will again get the greatest number of notified cases in Australia we've ever seen," said Professor Paul Van Buynder from Gold Coast Health and the Immunisation Coalition.
Some shops in Nairobi, Kenya, were closed Monday, following calls from opposition leader Raila Odinga to skip work in protest of what they call a rigged election on Aug. 8. ( Jerome Delay / The Associated Press )
NAIROBI, KENYA—Many residents of Kenya's capital returned to work on Monday despite a call by opposition leader Raila Odinga to stay at home to protest last week's disputed election in which President Uhuru Kenyatta was declared the winner. Some street stalls were closed, but others opened in the Nairobi slum of Mathare, an opposition stronghold where police battled rioters following the Aug. 8 election that Odinga said was fraudulent. The Kenyan election commission says its voting and counting process was not rigged and international observers have praised Kenya's handling of the election. Minibus taxi drivers shouted for business from potential passengers in a busy intersection inside Mathare as residents carried vegetables, chickens and went about their business. There was a small protest in Nairobi's Kibera slum, another scene of recent clashes. Read more: Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta wins second term amid claims vote was rigged
Article Continued Below
Even so, there was tension overnight as young men with machetes moved around some areas. Odinga has said they will announce their “next step” on Tuesday as the government urges people to resume their routines, nearly a week after the election in the East African commercial hub of 45 million people. While they have remained defiant and is sticking to their position that the election was rigged, some sectors of society are urging them to acknowledge defeat so that the country can stabilize. “I must go out to hustle for myself so I can pay rent, so I can feed myself,” said Isack Avonga, a Nairobi resident who disregarded Odinga's call for a boycott. Police have fatally shot 24 people in election violence since the vote, according to the state-funded Kenya National Commission on Human Rights, which monitors government institutions. Police have denied they killed that many people, saying they shot some criminals who attacked them and that none of the protests were peaceful.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said on Friday.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures. Congressional negotiators are fighting over defence and non-defence spending levels for the fiscal year that ends on Sept. 30, as well as other unrelated matters.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of structures making up several ancient Mayan cities have just been uncovered after laying hidden for centuries.
The discovery of the structures, including pyramids, palaces and causeways, under a jungle has changed everything we thought we knew about the Mayan civilisation.
They have been revealed following an investigation by a team of international archaeologists using ground-penetrating laser technology in what's been hailed as a “major breakthrough”.
The find allowed the researchers to map the outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage.
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: E+)
They have been found centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants, according to a statement issued on Thursday by Guatemala's PACUNAM foundation.
A huge system of ruins far more complex than what has widely been believed by Maya specialists was found, including highways connecting cities and quarries, and complex irrigation and terracing systems supporting masses of workers.
Thomas Garrison, an Ithaca College archaeologist and National Geographic Explorer who took part in the project, told news.com.au : “The LiDAR images make it clear that this entire region was a settlement system whose scale and population density had been grossly underestimated,” said .
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
The ancient Maya civilization was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica, marked by sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico.
The research used so-called LIDAR technology that utilizes light from lasers to construct a detailed survey of buried structures.
"The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale," said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University.
The team of archaeologists surveyed more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle and even revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala.
The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30 meters) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain.
The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 A.D. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate.
DALLAS -- The Dallas Stars formed a line next to players from the Vegas Golden Knights to honor victims of last weekend's mass shooting before the debut of the first major pro sports franchise from Las Vegas.
After Dallas introductions marking the 25th season since the NHL came to Texas, the Stars players skated from their blue line to the Vegas blue line so that both sets of players were together for pregame remembrances Friday night.
The Stars first honored a staff member who died in a car wreck during the offseason before paying tribute to play-by-play announcer Dave Strader, who died of bile duct cancer at 62 the same day of the Vegas shooting, which killed 58 people.
There was were brief moments of silence for each, and the video board read "Viva Las Vegas" as the public address announcer said, "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
A man caused over £47,000 of damage to their South Yorkshire flat block when their attempt to produce homemade cannabis oil resulted in an explosion.
Defendant, Richard Sambrook, suffered burns to their face, neck and arms, following the explosion at their flat in Oaks Lane, Kimberworth, Rotherham on December 2 last year.
Sheffield Crown Court heard how the explosion was caused when Sambrook, aged 43, lit a cigarette after carrying out what Judge David Dixon described as an 'extraction process' to make cannabis oil in some tubing, using butane gas and a quantity of the Class B drug.
Judge Dixon told Sambrook, of Oaks Lane, Kimberworth that if the process had been carried out in a laboratory with the correct equipment it may have been safe, but likened their 'idiotic' decision to make 'cannabis oil or a similar substance' at home to trying to build a car with tinfoil and straw and running petrol through it.
They said: "It was ridiculously stupid, but this wasn't an attempt to cause yourself, or others, harm."
Prosecutor Carl Fitch told the court: "The explosion had caused the structural integrity of the building to be completely compromised, and the tenant in the above flat had to move out.
"£47,046 of damage was caused to the property."
They added: "The fire investigator concluded the fire was caused by flash ignition of butane papers."
A total of 771 grams of cannabis was found at Sambrook's home, the court heard.
Under police interview, Sambrook told officers they needed to take cannabis because the medication they were prescribed for the chronic cluster headaches they suffered from did not help with the pain.
"He said they didn't want to resort to buying cannabis on the black market, and didn't want to cultivate cannabis. They intended to do an extraction of cannabis they found in the woods," added Mr Fitch.
Sambrook pleaded guilty to a string of charges including possession of cannabis and arson so reckless as to endanger life at an earlier hearing.
Defending, Dermot Hughes, referenced a recommendation from the probation service, suggesting that Sambrook could be dealt with by way of a community order and told the court Sambrook would also be 'happy to engage with the mental health team'.
Judge Dixon sentenced Sambrook to 14-months in prison, suspended for two-years, and ordered them to complete a 45-day rehabilitation activity requirement.
"Let me make it clear: the use of cannabis, for whatever reason, is illegal. The courts cannot, and will not, condone using something that is illegal. Who knows what will come in due course, we have seen discussion around this on the news in recent weeks," said Judge Dixon.
They added: "Getting involved in this sort of stupidity clearly deserves jail, but I'm not going to send you to jail today."
Judge Dixon reserved all breaches of the suspended sentence order to him, and told Sambrook they would go to prison for at least 14-months if they did not comply with the terms of the order.
Check out this rundown of the basic steps to coil and throw a rescue rope four different ways, presented by Boreal River Rescue and Five 2 Nine productions. Here is a breakdown of the methods:
Butterfly Method (starting from the rope end): Coil the rope in your hand with loops, hanging from both sides of your hand, that resemble butterfly wings. Butterfly Method (starting from bag end): With the bag in your hand, coil the rope in the same way as the first method. Tru Method: Hold the rope end in your hand and coil it in a figure-8 fashion between your hand and elbow. Loop Method: Start with the rope-end in your hand. Begin making loops with your other hand, twisting the rope as you place it into the hand holding the rope-end.
With only five more episodes left of Season 4 of The Curse of Oak Island, fans of the show are still optimistic that the Lagina brothers and their team of experts can solve the Oak Island mystery. So far, all attempts to locate and retrieve any substantial treasure has led to failure, but that doesn't mean there isn't something buried deep under the ground of Oak Island. If there's anything to find, Rick and Marty Lagina have the team, equipment, and funds to make it happen. They also have the grit and determination to see it through, and if anyone can find the treasure, it would be Rick, Marty, and their team. Imagine a world where the Laginas and the Blankenships would've been competing to find the #OakIsland treasure. pic.twitter.com/yiFMu0yWPa — HISTORY (@HISTORY) January 2, 2017 Mysteries of Canada shared that during the last episode of The Curse of Oak Island, titled “All That Glitters,” the team concentrated their efforts on the Money Pit and the swamp. After the swamp was drained, Jack Begley and Alex Lagina accompanied metal detection expert Gary Drayton as they scanned the swamp with their metal detector. To their surprise, they found a large iron nail that looked like a railroad spike, but Drayton believed it could be a deck spike from a Spanish galleon. The Curse of Oak Island team decided to have the spike examined by a professional who can accurately identify the object. At the Money Pit, the team focused on reaching a 21-foot deep cavity in a borehole simply called C1. As the last few inches of C1 are drilled and the cavity is breached, hopes run high that whatever it was that Rick and Oak Island historian Charles Barkhouse saw in the borehole during the previous season of The Curse of Oak Island can be recovered. They were certain the object they saw was metallic and looked like it was made of gold. The Curse of Oak Island aired a sneak peek at the next episode of The Curse of Oak Island, titled “The Mystery of Samuel Ball,” revealing that once the team broke through the cavity, they quickly realized that whatever they may have seen is probably now at the bottom of the void. Dropping a high-resolution camera down into the cavity reveals other objects that have a golden sheen to them, but the team quickly realizes it's just rock reflecting backlight from the camera. After sending the camera all the way down to the silty bottom, lack of visibility prevents any further examination. On the next episode of The Curse of Oak Island, they decide to hammer grab for objects that may be on the bottom, then run sonar. Depending on the results from the sonar scan, a diver may be sent down to personally inspect the cavity. The hammer grab seems to pay off when the video clip shows a team member pulling an object from the mud that was brought up from the cavity. Another preview video of the new episode shows Drayton showing something to Marty after they swept an area in the forest with their metal detector. Monsters and Critics shared that they receive multiple hits, and although it's difficult to tell exactly what they find in the clip, Drayton and Barkhouse seem to be showing Marty several coins. “1700s, that changes a lot,” Marty remarks after looking at the objects in Drayton's hand. “They're not supposed to be here.” The next episode is intriguing on several levels, and the team may be one step closer to discovering something important in regard to what kind of treasure they may be looking for. The shipwreck theory hinges on a story told by the crew of a wrecked Spanish galleon that was reported to be loaded with treasure. The galleon is believed to have beached on the island while heading from Havana back to Spain sometime in the 17th or the early 18th centuries. Perhaps the treasure they are looking for once belonged to Captain William Kidd or some other pirate. Local stories abound of Spanish, French, British, and Dutch pirates spending time at Oak Island from the late 16th century up to the early 18th century. Or, perhaps, the treasure they are seeking was hidden by the Knights Templar. There are so many theories to examine, and most likely the only way to solve the mystery once and for all is to locate the treasure, which should tell the Lagina's who left it behind. Are you a fan of the show? Do you believe they will eventually find the treasure? Leave your comments, thoughts, and opinions below. The Curse of Oak Island airs on Tuesday's at 9 p.m. ET on the History Channel. [Featured Image by History]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Latin American markets retreated on Friday after data showing U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased, lifting expectations of faster U.S. interest rate hikes, which could dampen demand for risky assets. The robust employment report bolstered expectations of price pressures that could drive inflation back towards the official target. It underscored the strong momentum in the economy, raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year. The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017. Higher U.S. rates could lessen demand for risky assets, which typically offer higher yields. That perception drove widespread profit-taking on emerging markets, which had undergone a sharp rally in the first month of the year. The currencies of Brazil, Mexico, Chile and Colombia fell between 0.9 percent and 1.6 percent. Also curbing demand for Brazilian assets were concerns over an unpopular bill cutting social security spending, which investors see as key to fueling long-term economic growth. The pension bill, which is scheduled for a key vote in the lower house in the week of Feb. 19, still does not have enough support for congressional approval, the cabinet minister in charge of political affairs said on Thursday. "Local caution adds to risk aversion worldwide, bumping the dollar up against the Brazilian real," Spinelli brokerage trader José Amado said. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index led the losses among Latin American stock markets, weighed down by blue-chips such as lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and Banco Bradesco SA and miner Vale SA. Shares of Embraer SA, however, soared as much as 9.3 percent on reports that Boeing Co has sought the Brazilian government's approval of a partnership with the planemaker that would create a new company focused on commercial aviation. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1655 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 1229.90 -1.5 7.79 MSCI LatAm 3144.58 -2.56 14.1 Brazil Bovespa 84187.36 -1.53 10.19 Mexico IPC 50433.63 -0.31 2.19 Chile IPSA 5814.99 -0.81 4.50 Chile IGPA 29251.62 -0.72 4.54 Argentina MerVal 32884.85 -5.07 9.38 Colombia IGBC 12210.00 -0.92 7.38 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.2181 -1.55 2.96 Mexico peso 18.5400 -1.03 6.25 Chile peso 602.5 -0.85 2.02 Colombia peso 2840.28 -1.64 4.99 Peru sol 3.217 -0.19 0.62 Argentina peso (interbank) 19.4950 -0.59 -4.59 Argentina peso (parallel) 19.88 0.25 -3.27 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Susan Thomas)
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed their mind and will be staying with the Volunteers.
Kirkland shared on social media last week that they were leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining.
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin, Florida, that they met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee.
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a first-year student in 2015, but injuries limited them in 2016 and prevented them from playing at all last year. They made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain. They sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury.
Canada's Alex Harvey moved into third place in the overall standings after an eighth place finish in the second stage of the Tour de Ski on Sunday in Val Mustair, Switzerland.
The Saint Ferreol-les-Neiges, Que. resident clocked a time of 24 minutes 57 sceond in the 10-kilometre mass start classic-ski race.
“It was a good day. I'm happy with the result and the way I skied,” said Harvey. “The skis were good and I made up some spots on the down hills today.”
Starting in fifth spot on the front line of the mass start race, Harvey executed their tactics to near perfection as 78 of the world's best Nordic skiers jockeyed for position while venturing around the narrow 2.5 kilometre loop four times.
“The course was pretty dangerous. The snow was super fast with sharp corners. The first goal was to stay near the front and out of trouble. The second goal was to stay with the leaders. I accomplished both of those today so it was a great first two days,” added Harvey.
Russia's Sergey Ustiugov finished on top of the pack for the second straight day. Ustiugov posted a winning time of 24:50.0. Norway's Martin Johnsrud Sundby finished nearly two seconds back at 24:51.9. Didrik Toenseth, also of Norway, posted a third-place time of 24:52.3.
A lightening quick pace, skiing at altitude on a tricky layout that features a long, four-minute climb off the start mixed with tight corners, down hills and flats along in a rare 10-kilometre race distance were the perfect ingredients for a tough day at the office.
“I think the 10 kilomtres can be one of the most difficult races we do. The pace is one of the biggest changes. You are going fast everywhere whereas in a 15-kilometre race you have to ski it in a bit more,” said the 28-year-old Harvey, who has been battling heavy legs the last couple of days.
“I still didn't feel 100 per cent (Sunday) but better than (Saturday). It is a bit higher altitude here than in Davos [Switzerland]. It is the same for everyone, but it will be nice to get to sea level again in Oberstdorf [Germany].”
Three other Canadians also hit the start line for the second stage. Three-time Olympian, Devon Kershaw, bolted up the standings with a solid effort. Starting in 54th, the Sudbury, Ont. resident climbed into 27th spot after clocking a time of 25:32.9.
Graeme Killick, of Fort McMurray, also put down a solid performance, which saw them move up 14 spots in the standings into 33rd place. Killick stopped the clock at 25:39.2. Toronto's Len Valjas rounded out the Canadian contingent in 38th place with a time of 25:44.3.
Athletes will get their first of two rest days on Monday as the Tour travels to Oberstdorf for the next two stages -- a skiathlon and a 15-kilometre skate-ski pursuit.
“The skiathlon is my favourite race. There are lots intermediate sprints so I'll try to play for these bonuses and hold my position,” said Harvey.
Harvey opened the famed nine-day Tour de Ski with a solid sixth-place finish on Saturday.
After squeaking into the heats with the top-30 qualifiers after posting the 25th-fastest time on the 1.5-kilometre skate-sprint course, the 28-year-old overcame heavy legs to advance into their first final and best finish of the season.
“I'm really happy with the result and had some good bonus times today as well,” said Harvey, who remained in Davos to train over the holiday break. “I didn't feel so good (Saturday). I had really heavy legs so I was really happy to be able to convert a bad day into a good result.”
Going hard out of the gate in their qualifier on a venue rolled out at high altitude, the two-time Olympian recognized quickly they didn't have the jam required to push the pace in the heats.
“I was pretty lucky the pace wasn't so hard in my quarter-final and semifinal heats. I just chilled at the back to save my energy. I pushed on the hill in the final lap of my quarter-final heat and was able to win it. I had the same strategy in the semis and finished second with a strong sprint to the finish,” added Harvey.
The top-two athletes in each heat advance to the next round, along with the next two fastest times.
“The final it was hard from the gun, similar to my qualifier, and the guys were just too fast. It is a long Tour. The goal is to always stay in the top-10 if you want to finish near the top in the overall so I'm really happy with the start.”
Ustiugov grabbed the opening stage win of the seven-race Tour de Ski that will see 85 of the top cross-country ski athletes on the planet compete in four venues in three different countries over the next nine days.
Italy's Federico Pellegrino finished second in the lone sprint race slated for the 2017 Tour. Norway's Finn Haagen Krogh rounded out the men's podium.
Valjas was the only other Canadian to secure a spot in the head-to-head heats where they finished in 16th place after clocking the 21st-fastest qualifying time.
Starting fast out of the gate in a star-studded heat where they moved to the front, Valjas dropped to the back of the pack in the second lap of their quarter-final. But the 28-year-old tried to capitalize on a three-athlete wipeout while rounding the final corner into the finish straightaway. The lanky Canuck hammered the pace, but came up just short in their bid to move on to the next round.
Valjas has finished in the top-15 in each of their last two sprint starts on the World Cup circuit.
Kershaw was 51st and Killick 57th with times that failed to get them to the heats.
Modeled after the Tour de France in cycling, the 11th annual Tour de Ski wraps up in Val di Fiemme, Italy on Jan. 8. One of the featured events on the Nordic calendar tests some of the most physically and mentally fit athletes in the world to determine the king and queen of cross-country skiing when they cross the finish line of the Tour, ending with a 425-metre climb to the top of Alpe Cermis.
No Canadian women are competing in this year's event.
Compiled by the Crag & Canyon
In the 1980s, a team of psychologists interviewed members of the Philadelphia 76ers about their belief in streak shooting — the notion that a player is more likely to make another shot after making a successful one. In a famous study published in 1985, the researchers discovered that NBA players, coaches, and fans alike believed in the concept.
This same study, however, also looked at the actual player's data during the 1980-1981 76er season, as well as data from a controlled shooting experiment, and found no support for the concept whatsoever. The authors dubbed this the “hot hand fallacy”:
People “see” a positive serial correlation in independent sequences, and they fail to detect a negative serial correlation in alternating sequences. Hence, people not only perceive random sequences as positively correlated, they also perceive negatively correlated sequences as random.
A study published in February 2017 in the journal Adaptive Human Behavior and Physiology argues that the long-held perception that yawns are contagious could be related to the same underlying cognitive biases:
In an abstract sense, much like the incorrect observations associated with the hot-hand fallacy […], the observation that yawning is contagious may have arisen as a consequence of our tendency to see patterns and causation where none exists, to misinterpret the clumpiness of randomness as something else.
At issue in this study is not if yawns are contagious, but if past attempts to demonstrate their contageousness actually address that question in the first place. Among the complicating factors in the literature, according to the authors, are past methodological decisions that end up biasing results to detect yawn patterns where none actually exist, along with basic assumptions with no basis in reality and inconsistent definitions and methods between studies.
Lead author Rohan Kapitány, a postdoctoral fellow at Oxford University, explained this problem in a feature published at PsyPost:
The belief that yawns are contagious seems self-evident, but there are some very basic reasons for why we might be mistaken in this. […] In this instance, the literature hasn't questioned the basic features of contagious yawning, and ended up with a wide range of unstandardised methodologies and conclusions. […] A large body of literature in judgement and decision making, cognitive heuristics, and basic statistics can explain the phenomenon away as being illusory.
To address these issues, the authors first created a computer model to investigate how likely it would be to perceive incidental (random) yawns as contagious based on a variety of different factors. The authors demonstrate that the likelihood of perceiving yawns as contagious rises dramatically depending on how much time one considers a yawn to be contagious for:
If we accept the extreme null hypothesis (that yawns are not contagious, and the appearance of contagion is an illusion), and assuming [a yawn is contagious for one minute], then 12.10% of all yawns would be incidental, but would otherwise be incorrectly categorized as contagious. This value explodes to 47.87% if we assume yawns are contagious for 5 min.
With this result in mind, the authors then performed a real-world version of those simulations. Their experiment broke 79 students into groups and had them listen to “Chopin's Complete Nocturnes”, some with blindfolds, some without. Throughout the session, each participant was filmed in order to count yawns and analyze their occurrence. As argued in the study, the initial results could be interpreted as evidence that yawns are, in fact, contagious:
Data from the blind-folded session revealed that participants produced, on average, two-thirds a yawn per hour […]. When participants could see each other, they produced considerably more yawns (about 3.5 yawns per hour, or one yawn every 15–20 min), particularly when they could see each other in the second session rather than the first.
However, a closer look at the data raised the possibility, they argued, that these increases in yawns were not the result of something triggered by another person's yawns, but of the individual person yawning in their own clusters of yawns — that asupervisorstioned “clumpiness”.
The authors found that more than 95 percent of each of an individual's yawns happened within a 5-minute window of one of their own yawns, raising the possibility that any pattern of correlation between yawns could be an artifact resulting from the fact that people yawn in clusters — something termed autocorrelation.
Further complicating the yawn contagion hypothesis is the fact that there seemed to be no clear temporal relationship from when one person yawned to when another person yawned. As explained in PsyPost:
When the researchers analyzed the timing, they found that a yawn at any given moment did not reliably produce a yawn from another person within 3 minutes. So while people yawn more often in social settings, yawns themselves did not appear to be contagious to others.
The authors proposed a more nuanced hypothesis: that humans “produce more yawns in social contexts, even though yawns themselves may not cause additional yawns in others”. They argue, in essence, that the perceived cause-and-effect of one person's yawn on another — like the perceived effect of a Philadelphia 76er's successful shot making a second one more likely — could simply be the residual effect of how we perceive of how we perceive and recall those yawns, combined with the fact that yawns typically occur in clusters, and that people yawn more in social settings.
This is no minor claim, as Slate's Daniel Engber explained:
If Kapitány is right, then we'd have to reckon with three decades' worth of faulty research. It would mean that all these studies of contagious yawning […] have been trafficking in false-positive results.
The authors do not suggest that their study conclusively proves their hypothesis, but Kapitány argues their results highlight a need to be more rigorous in how this kind of study is approached:
I may be wrong! […] Maybe yawns are contagious! But if yawns are contagious, I would love to see more robust attempts to falsify the claim and specifically describe the phenomenon, rather than simply demonstrating it over and over in slightly different contexts with richer and richer explanations.
SUNY Oneonta professor Andrew Gallup, a “prolific scholar of the yawn” also interviewed for the Slate piece, was much more confident in the contagiousness of yawns:
As far as I'm concerned, there's no debate over whether yawning is contagious in humans.
Where does this leave us? One could convincingly argue it leaves us no better off in our knowledge of yawns than before the study. Another conclusion, equally valid, would be that this study has revealed potential problems in how “yawn contagion” studies are conducted that will be of great benefit to future studies.
Unfortunately, according to Gallup, there isn't a great deal of funding in the yawn sciences these days.
[Editorial] Missing issue
Candidates should make pledges on labor reform as well as job creation
The labor reform issue is lying low in presidential campaigns.
Korea has been advised by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and the International Monetary Fund to reform its labor market. They blamed the duality in the Korean labor market, which divides regular and non-regular workers, as a major hurdle to growth.
Labor reform is a key issue, but it is also a difficult and politically burdensome problem involving conflicts of interest. And candidates avoid discussing labor reform as it may cost votes.
Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party of Korea pledged job creation led by the government rather than through labor reform.
Their policy to break the “labor aristocracy,” in which highly paid unionized regular workers go on strike for wage increases or more perks, was nowhere to be found.
Moon promised last month to abolish the merit-based pay system and performance evaluation for union members in the public sector if elected president.
A performance-based pay system is a measure against public servants' widespread complacency stemming from unshakable job security. The system is expected to infuse competition and improve public service.
Ahn Cheol-soo of the People's Party pledged to raise wages at smaller companies to 80 percent that of large companies with the injection of public funds. Their pledge, which relies on tax revenues, is far from a wage increase through labor reform.
Germany reduced its unemployment rate from 11.3 percent in 2005 to 4.5 percent in 2015 largely through the so-called Hartz reform of the labor market.
In Korea, labor aristocrats strike almost each year, weighing on its economy. Last year, labor disputes at Hyundai Motor set back its output by about 140,000 vehicles.
Labor reform is an effort to change a labor market that is lopsided in favor of a few aristocratic unions.
It is unfair that regular workers in strongly unionized large industries are highly paid and take their jobs for granted, while non-regular workers are poorly paid for doing the same jobs and are given no chance to become regular staff.
If little is done to lessen the inequality, the income gap between non-regular and regular workers will get ever wider, causing conflicts. The difficult part of labor reform in Korea is the fight against the unchecked tyranny of unions.
Former President Park Geun-hye pushed for labor reform, but it went nowhere before they were impeached. And now, leading presidential candidates do not speak of labor reform at all.
Their promises of job creation might do them credit, and labor reform pledges might lead to confrontation with many workers. But it is a delusion to argue that the employment situation can improve without correcting the problems in the labor market. Job creation without labor reform is like a house of cards.
Moon's campaign promise to create 810,000 jobs in the public sector can only be realized with taxpayers' money. Their pledge shifts the burden of increasing employment to the people.
Labor market problems appear to be off the list of evils they have vowed to eliminate. Moon is in a difficult position against trade unions, which joined candlelight protests to support the impeachment.
Meanwhile, Ahn emphasizes the role of private companies in creating jobs, but has not yet presented concrete plans.
Efforts for labor reform have gone back to square one. The National Assembly did not even discuss reform bills.
Labor reform is an important task the next government should tackle to overcome challenges such as continued low growth, an employment cliff and a low birth rate.
Labor flexibility, a performance-based pay system and shorter working hours are needed to create jobs. The bloated public sector should be downsized.
If just the principle of equal pay for equal work is well-observed, vulnerable groups in the labor market would feel less underprivileged and the occupational movement of workers would be faster.
For a solid growth of the nation, candidates should deal with the hard issue of labor reform as well as job creation.
LAHORE April 17 (APP): Chief Minister Punjab, Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif Monday visited the residence of former DIG
Maj. (R) late Mubashar Ullah, son-in-law of former president
Rafique Tarrar, at Defense and expressed deep grief and sorrow
with the bereaved family.
They expressed sympathies and condolence with the members
of the bereaved family and said Maj. (R) Mubashar Ullah was a
dutiful and honest police officer. They said late Maj. (R) Mubashar
Ullah performed their duties with honesty.
The Chief Minister also offered Fateha for the departed
soul.
Thomas E. Feeney, 33, of Southington, passed away on Wednesday, January 31, 2018 at their home. They were a loving son, brother, grandson, uncle and friend.
Tom was born on September 27, 1984 in New Britain. They graduated from Southington High School in 2003. Tom worked as an assembler at Camlock Systems. They were a diehard Steelers fan and a genuine Patriots hater. They liked to cook and loved to bake bread. Most of all Tom enjoyed spending time with their family.
 They are survived by their father Thomas J. Feeney of Las Vegas, NV and mother Ellie Dietz and their husband Roger of Plantsville; their sister Bryanna Feeney and Brian Muehlenbein and their son Damian of Southington; three brothers, Christian, Daniel, Jack Dietz and their sister Julia Dietz, all of Southington.  They are also survived by their maternal grandparents, William and Ellen Brush of Southington, many loving aunts, uncles and cousins and their beloved cat, Venna. They were predeceased by their aunt, Pamela Brush and paternal grandparents, Thomas and Dorothy Feeney.
In lieu of flowers, donations in Tom's memory may be made to Ellen Dietz, c/o Plantsville Funeral Home, 975 S. Main St., Plantsville, CT 06479, to offset funeral expenses.
A funeral service will be held at 6 p.m. on Monday, February 5, 2018 at the Plantsville Funeral Home, 975 S. Main St., Plantsville. Calling hours will be held before the service from 3 – 6 p.m. at the funeral home. Burial will be private and at the convenience of the family.
For online condolences and directions, please visit www.plantsvillefuneralhome.com
Asif Jan Mohammad
Kech, Balochistan
I am writing this letter in the dying hours of 2016. Since independence, Pakistan has been engulfed by various crises – political to economics to social so on and so forth. Every government, political and military alike, came up with promises and plans to put the country on the path of prosperity and development but the problems have increased manifold and become more complex.
The issues are increasing with the passage of every day with no solution in sight. Nobody, in authority, has the courage and resolve to solve them. However, one can hope that the present government would do better in the year 2017.
by Linda Kreiger
Andrea Koplove, 42, of Chestnut Hill, was hardly a slouch when it came to political engagement. They paid attention to politics and attended the Washington Women's March, the March to Save Our Care in late June in D.C., a vigil for healthcare in Philadelphia and, occasionally, Tuesday's with Toomey.
But until July 19, the former Philadelphia public defender had never intentionally committed civil disobedience and invited arrest. Here's how it happened that an upper middle class mother of three came to be arrested earlier this month:
It started when Andrea developed a friendship with someone from an adult education class in Philadelphia. The friend told them that people were needed to protest the proposed repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in Washington, D.C.
“I thought long and hard about it,” said Koplove, a slightly built woman with shoulder length black hair and a shy smile. “I decided to do it. Part of the reason was that I had gone to Sen. Toomey's (Philadelphia) office when Rev. William Barber spoke.
“Rev. Barber stages Moral Mondays in North Carolina. He's a powerful speaker and an amazing person. They asked whether we would stand with adults and children who are sick and disabled. Will we stand with the most vulnerable among us? They invited us to put our bodies on the line for one another. So I did.”
Andrea went to Washington on July 19, knowing they would likely be arrested. There were two buses, they explained, one for people who had to be back in Philadelphia at 6 p.m. and the other for people who were willing to be delayed, either by being arrested or standing in support of those arrested.
All 500 protesters from all 50 states met at St. Mark's Church in Washington and listened to speeches by people who believe that health care is a human right. The protesters visited every Republican senatorial office. Pennsylvania protesters were partnered with Kentucky's.
“We had a huge group of people walking to the Senate Office Building,” they said. “People in the front were walking too fast. ‘We're all going to slow down,' said a man from Kentucky. ‘We're all a part of what we're doing.' At that moment I kind of calmed down and said, ‘Okay, I'm doing this.'
“We went through metal detectors. We could hear that one group had already started the protest. It echoes. It's so loud in there. We couldn't get through where we needed to go because a protest was being cleared by police, who would go from office to office arresting people.”
Finally, they got to Senator Toomey's office.
“There were about 80 in our group.,” Koplove said. “A couple of people went inside to speak to the Senator. Staffers said he's not here. In the hallway, one person would share their story. My name is so and so. I live in Philadelphia. I'm a grandmother who's been living with HIV for 23 years. We would repeat their story sentence by sentence very loudly.
“Eventually, the Capital police came and asked us to clear out. The majority backed away, and we sat down and linked arms in front of their office. At some point we started chanting ‘shame' over and over. It felt like the floor was vibrating. This went on in front of Sen. Toomey's office for 30-35 minutes. They started arresting us. They put zip ties on your wrists behind your back. All told, about 175 people got arrested. Of the 70 people from Philadelphia, 18 were arrested. Capital staffers thanked us for doing this as we were being taken out and there was so much media.
“They took us outside the office building to a grassy field and patted us down. “We were put into wagons, eight of us in a wagon. I have never ever been so hot in my life. There was no air. For me, that was the worst of it. They transported us to a warehouse. It wasn't a jail. They had chairs set out. They had a lot of Capital police to process us. We were charged with crowding, obstructing and incommoding (to incommode is to inconvenience or disturb). Every person who was released paid a fine of $50.
“My experience was that the police were professional,” they continued. “A few of them actually told us they agreed with what we're doing. I was there for maybe four hours until 8 p.m.. A grandmother from Philadelphia was released at midnight. A few were held over for resisting arrest. Charges were dropped for all those people. When we got out, everyone who supported us was waiting across the street with food. I was told that the senators from Vermont provided the pizzas. We waited for the bus and got back to Philadelphia at 3 a.m.”
Andrea's husband is a banker who supports their political work and regularly attends Tuesdays with Toomey.
“He took off from work so I could go,” they said. “It was my 4-year-old daughter's camp visiting day.”
Andrea's mother, supportive but nervous for her, helped with Andrea's son's travel baseball game.
“I'm not done,” Andrea said of their political activity. “I don't know if and when I'll engage in civil disobedience again. The biggest takeaway for me was how connected I felt to everyone who was there sharing their stories. If it hurts one of us, it hurts all of us. We have to move out of our comfort zone and stand up.
“I'm not advocating that everyone get arrested. I believe in doing what you're able to do. I was always someone who cared, “but I wasn't an activist.”
Maybe they were not an activist by their own definition, but Andrea plans to canvass in Upper Darby to help people get elected to the school board “so we can change the political landscape of Pennsylvania from the ground up.”
“I see myself doing that in the near future,” they said. “I'm working on a project called Turn PA Blue to help change the balance of power in the state legislature.”
This is what democracy looks like.
Andrea Koplove serves on the Steering Committee and Linda Kriger is chair of the Free Press working group of Indivisible Northwest Philly. For more information, see https://www.facebook.com/IndivisiblePhiladelphiaNorthwest/
A Singapore Airlines (SIA) flight was delayed due to a bomb threat that later turned out to be a hoax. According to flight tracking website Flightaware.com, Flight SQ879 was travelling from Taipei to Singapore.
The website showed that the flight departed from Taiwan's Taoyuan International Airport at 5.45 pm on Friday and arrived half an hour later than scheduled at about 10.35 pm in Singapore.
The hoax report was confirmed by an SIA spokesperson and said that the aircraft "landed uneventfully" at Singapore's Changi Airport. However, they did not reveal any further details.
Taiwanese media reports said that a woman called the Taipei police hotline from a public payphone and informed that there was a bomb on SQ879.
United Daily News reported that the SIA flight was scheduled to take off at 5.35 pm and it was already taxiing on the runway when the incident took place. Soon after the report, the authorities started the investigation and determined that the bomb threat was a hoax. The flight eventually took off at 6.01 pm.
The report added that the Taipei police are still investigating the incident.
Last year in December, a Jetstarflight 3K161 from Singapore bound for Darwin, Australia was forced to return to Changi Airport after a passenger heard 'bomb'. The incident had started between two male passengers when one of them grabbed the other's phone as they were talking while the plane was taxying towards the runway.
“The ex-wife of President Donald Trump's labor secretary nominee told “The Oprah Winfrey Show” that they “vowed revenge” when they made public spousal abuse allegations, according to a 1990 tape reviewed by Politico on Tuesday night.”
“Andrew Puzder's hearing for labor secretary is Thursday, but the allegations of domestic abuse, which he's repeatedly denied, and their admission that they employed an illegal immigrant have put their confirmation in jeopardy. The details of the Oprah tape, which haven't been made public until now, could further erode their support in the Senate, where four Republicans have expressed reservations about their nomination. No Democrats are expected to support him.”
× Move over St. Louis County Police Department; Overland PD joins viral ‘seatbelt' trend
ST. LOUIS- After a recent post of a St.Louis County police officer went viral on Facebook.
The Overland Police Department wants some public attention too.
The police department Wednesday's Facebook post:
“Not to be outdone by our friends at St. Louis County, our very own “heartbreaker” Officer O'Neill also wants to remind you to “Arrive Alive” and always wear your seatbelt. 😉” #heygirl
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, continued snapping of Internet service in south Kashmir districts has seriously affected people particularly students.
Students and aspirants of different competitive examinations who have applied for different jobs are facing extreme hardships. Aspirants say that most of the exams are going to be conducted this month.
Adil Hussain Lone, who is preparing for General Aptitude Test for Engineers (GATE), said the competitive examination is going to be held in second week of February, but because of snapped Internet they could not prepare well. “Times have changed. We can't cover the syllabus through books. Use of Internet is a must for better results but the puppet authorities are playing with our career by suspending Internet every second week,” they added.
Arif Hussain, a Pulwama resident, said they have applied for a post of teacher in Education department. “This is my last chance since I am getting over-aged. I am studying hard and most of the time I need Internet services for different topics,” they said while demanding immediate restoration of Internet in Pulwama.—KMS
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE HAS UPPED ITS STAKE IN EUROCLEAR TO AROUND 10 PERCENT - FT, CITING SOURCES Source text - on.ft.com/2DULJkU Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Animated "Fast and Furious" series coming to Netflix Enlarge Photo
Netflix will soon let fans of "The Fast and the Furious" franchise dive into an animated series.
But we won't see familiar characters in the new animated series. Instead, Netflix said in its announcement Monday that the series will revolve around Dominic Toretto's (Vin Diesel) teenage cousin, Tony Toretto. Per the streaming service, "Tony and their friends are recruited by a government agency to infiltrate an elite racing league serving as a front for a nefarious crime organization bent on world domination." Sounds like "Fast and Furious" to us, but we'll wait for more.
The series is part of an expanded agreement between Netflix and Dreamworks Animation, which has already produced exclusive content for the streaming service. As for the animation itself, the sole still image shows an animated muscle car and some sort of European-esque rally car flying through the air. Again, very "Fast and Furious."
As mentioned, it's yet another avenue the money-making franchise is expanding into. Plans for a spin-off film featuring The Rock and Jason Statham are in the works, "Fast and Furious 9" is scheduled to hit theaters in 2020, and "Fast and Furious Live" has kicked off real-life car stunts and action.
For the cartoon, fans will have to wait. Netflix listed the show as coming for 2019.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by Chinese intelligence to gather personal information about German officials and politicians.
The BfV domestic intelligence service took the unusual step of naming individual profiles it says are fake and fake organizations to warn public officials about the risk of leaking valuable personal information via social media.
“Chinese intelligence services are active on networks like LinkedIn and have been trying for a while to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way,” including seeking data on users' habits, hobbies and political interests, they said.
Nine months of research had found that more than 10,000 German citizens had been contacted on the LinkedIn professional networking site by fake profiles disguised as headhunters, consultants, think-tankers or scholars, the BfV said.
“There could be a large number of target individuals and fake profiles that have not yet been identified,” they added.
Speaking in Beijing on Monday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said the accusations were baseless.
“We hope the relevant German organizations, particularly government departments, can speak and act more responsibly, and not do things that are not beneficial to the development of bilateral relations,” Lu said.
Among the faked profiles whose details were published were that of “Rachel Li”, identified as a “headhunter” at “RiseHR”, and an “Alex Li”, a “Project Manager at Center for Sino-Europe Development Studies”.
Many of the profile pictures show stylish and visually appealing young men and women. The picture of “Laeticia Chen”, a manager at the “China Center of International Politics and Economy” was nicked from an online fashion catalogue, an official said.
A Reuters review of the profiles showed that some were connected to senior diplomats and politicians from several European countries. There was no way to establish whether contacts had taken place beyond the initial social media “add”.
The warning reflects growing concern in European and western intelligence circles at Chinese covert activities in their countries and follows warnings from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency over attempts by the economic giant's security services to recruit U.S. citizens as agents.
The BfV invited concerned users to contact them if they encountered social media profiles that seemed suspect.
Russian-Kyrgyz interstate relations have special format - Russian ambassador
2018-04-24 20:44 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
A special format for interstate relations, a strategic partnership has been established between Russia and Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyz news agency Kabar reported citing Russian Ambassador to Kyrgyzstan Andrei Krutko's message, which was read out by the first secretary of the embassy Viktor Kharchenko at the international expert platform to discuss issues of opposition to religious radicalism in Bishkek on April 24.
In their message the ambassador said that the format of strategic partnership is realized by the promotion of ties between states to a higher and qualitative level in the problem areas related to ensuring sovereignty and national security, requiring constant attention and joint solution.
"One of the factors ensuring stable multilateral ties between the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz Republic and the sustainable development of the Central Asian region in general is the maintenance of the necessary level of security for the citizens and society, without which the forward movement, implementation of any large-scale integration projects are simply impossible," the message said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CARBONDALE — One staff member and three residents were treated for smoke inhalation after a fire at a nursing home Friday night.
At about 9 p.m., Carbondale firefighters responded to Creekside Health and Rehabilitation Center on North Scott Street and found a heavy smoke condition in the laundry room and surrounding area. The Fire Department called for an immediate evacuation of the 71 residents, Chief Chris Pezak said.
The smoke originated from an industrial gas dryer, and firefighters conducted air quality tests throughout the building. Residents were moved to unaffected parts of the building, Pezak said. More than a dozen ambulances responded to the alarm.
“It could have been a lot worse,” Pezak said.
Best Weight Loss Supplements For Men
Eager To Lose Weight? These Supplements Can Help
The AskMen Acquire team thoroughly researches & reviews the best gear, services and staples for life.
When you're on a quest to shed a few pounds, there are a lot of things that sound like a good idea. But just like that all-inclusive, ultimate spring break trip back in college, everything isn't always as advertised. Take weight loss supplements, for instance. Their labels tote promises of mass calorie burn and effortless fat loss. Toss back a few pills before a workout, and you'll turbo charge your metabolism, rev-up the fat-burning fires within, and be melting fat faster than ice cream on a hot day.
An astonishing 15 percent of U.S. adults have used a weight-loss dietary supplement at some point in their lives, and Americans spend about $2.1 billion a year on weight-loss dietary supplements in pill form (e.g., tablets, capsules, and softgels) each year. Which is why it's scary that we have to level with you, guys. Minimally regulated, these supplements don't really do what they promise. And on top of that, they can actually do damage to your body. The U.S. Government Accountability Office even reports that “little is known about whether weight loss supplements are effective, but some supplements have been associated with the potential for physical harm.”
Let's take popular weight loss supplement ingredient green tea, for example. It's rich in an antioxidant called catechism. One of those catechins is called epigallocatechin gallate, or EGCG for short, and it's often claimed to boost metabolism. However, if you look at studies examining the fat-burning effect on green tea, you'll find it doesn't make any significant difference. One 2012 meta-analysis (this is a large-scale review of existing research) examined 18 studies on the effect of green tea on weight loss involving 1,945 participants. The conclusion: “Green tea had no significant effect on the maintenance of weight loss.”
Other “fat burners” commonly seen in weight loss supplements, ranging from L-Carnitine and Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA for short) to raspberry ketones, have extensive research against their effectiveness. Which means that if you're part of the 15 percent of U.S. adults spending big bucks on ‘em, it may be time to reevaluate.
Fact: there are things you can buy that will help you support and sustain a healthy lifestyle. Especially for anyone exercising on the regular, the right products can help you both build muscle and boost immunity. Here are our five top picks.
Creatine
Creatine is typically made naturally by the human body. Otherwise, it's found in fish and meats. An amino acid that's converted to phosphocreatine, creatine gives the body energy instantly when it needs it most. One Baylor University study revealed that long-term creatine supplementation appears to enhance the overall quality of training, leading to 5 to 15 percent greater gains in strength and performance. Another review published in the Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition noted that regardless of what form you consume creatine in, it can increase strength, fat free mass, and muscle morphology alongside heavy resistance training more than resistance training alone. Just remember: Take no more than 25 grams of creatine monohydrate, depending on your goals. Also: Creatine supplementation can cause cramping, dehydration, and possible tweaks to the amount of electrolytes in the body. Make sure you're adequately hydrating before starting to use it.
Optimum Nutrition Creatine Monohydrate Powder
There are a zillion different creatine powders on the market. Find one that is truly “unflavored" to avoid additives that you don't need. This pick from Optimum Nutrition is perfect in a shaker bottle or added to a smoothie. There isn't evidence that creatine will boost endurance but there is proof that the supplement can help you push harder and recover faster from high intensity interval training and weight lifting.
$14.30 at Amazon.com
Omega-3s
Omega-3s are a group of polyunsaturated fatty acids, comprised of three principal omega-3 fatty acids: alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA); they can help reduce inflammation, stave off depression, and reduce the risk of developing chronic diseases such as cancer and arthritis. Nearly 8 million more adults used fish oil in 2012 than in 2007, and that amount has continued to rise according to the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health.
While you can get omega-3s from whole food sources like salmon (a 3-ounce cooked serving of salmon has 1500 milligrams) cod liver oil, walnuts, flax, chia, and hemp seeds, it's also super easy to supplement.
Vitafusion Omega-3 Gummies
No one ever said you had to stop eating gummies after age 8, and once you start poppin' Vitafusion gummies you may never stop. Start with Omega-3s, then branch out to other favorites including CoQ10 (for heart support), fiber, and calcium.
$9.89 at Amazon.com
Beta Alanine
Your muscles have a new BFF. If you want to reduce that not-so-pleasant burning feeling from lactic acids build-up after your next intense strength session, beta alanine can help. Researchers have found that a dose of around 4 grams per day is effective in lessening muscle soreness.
Note: don't freak out if you experience paresthesia (a harmless tingling of the skin like pins and needles). It's totally normal, and likely a big reason why it's included in popular pre-workout supplement blends as this physical tingling makes users “feel” the pre-workout having an effect.
BulkSupplements Pure Beta Alanine
Word to the wise: beta alanine is not like protein powder. Which means, you don't need heaping tablespoons. Instead, mix the â  teaspoon serving size with water or your favorite sports drink inside of a shaker bottle about 30 minutes before you hit the weight room.
$18.96 at Amazon.com
Multivitamins
Whole food sources are always going to be the best way to get in your daily allowance of essential vitamins and minerals, so you should aim to consume a balanced diet that packs protein, fats, fruits, vegetables, and carbohydrates.
But we don't blame you for looking for a little extra oomph elsewhere. If you are going to consume a multivitamin regularly, there are a few things to consider. First, most multivitamins are once-daily, and come in pill or gummy form. There are going to be certain multivitamins that are niche, or come with a special purpose like weight control or upped performance. The amount of nutrients you need depends on a lot of things, like your age, ethnicity, and gender. As a general rule of thumb, men should seek out multivitamins that are not high in iron. Make sure to consult with a qualified physician before adding a multivitamin to your diet.
GNC Mega Men Multivitamin
With nutrients such as vitamin D to support colon health and immunity and vitamin B to boost energy, Mega Men offers a blend specifically built for men. This advanced multi includes more active ingredients than an average blend, making it ready to fight aging, provide essential antioxidants and support prostate health.
$29.99 at Amazon.com
Vitamin D
Good news: as the temperatures warm up, it's easier to get enough vitamin D from sun exposure during the summer months. And that's important, since it's shown to improve brain function, boost the immune system and increase bone strength. And since increasing the intensity and frequency of your workouts can weaken your immune system, a little vitamin D supplementation can be a big help.
NatureWise vitamin D
The vitamin D Council recommends 5,000 IU vitamin D daily for adults to achieve and maintain optimal levels (the dose seen here). In soft liquigels, these pills are easy to get down and are also non-GMO and gluten-free.
$14.24 at Amazon.com
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service. The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content. To find out more, please read our complete terms of use.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE's Tommy Mallet has issued a cruel jibe at their co-stars Gemma Collins and James 'Arg' Argent as their lingering glances and lusty behaviour reached fever pitch during last week's filming.
And despite Gemma's confidence that this one's for keepsies, their castmates are less than certain of the pair's suitability.
Now Tommy has revealed the reason why they shouldn't be together is because of their combined weight issues.
"They shouldn't be together because all they do when they're with each other is eaten," they told Reveal magazine.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: BBC)
Their co-star James 'Lockie' Lock agreed, branding Gemma a "feeder" after Arg confessed the size of the breakfasts Gemma whips up for them in the kitchen.
They told the TOWIE boys that she'll regularly fry up six eggs with salmon for him, and make whopping meals when they have nights in at home.
It came after Arg revealed their body insecurities during the run-up to their full-frontal performance for ITV's The Real Full Monty, refusing to strip off in the shower in front of the other male celebrities because they were embarrassed about theirs size.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
They recently lost three stone while in rehab in Thailand last summer, but seemed to pile it all back on when they got home to their bad habits.
Gemma, meanwhile, has spoken openly of needing to shed the pounds in order to fulfil their dream of having a baby - which they want to do with Arg.
In February this year, they said: "I'm doing this. Never felt so determined. So focused right now, sorry to all my friends - I've told them no meals out or afternoon teas for a long time."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: ITV)
And sure enough, once Gemma put their mind to it they dropped off a stone in less than four weeks, turning away from faddy weight loss programmes like the juice diet and the grapefruit diet.
"I'm not saying I'll get to a size ten but I do need to loose weight. For my health I wouldn't want to be bigger than I am now," they said.
But it might not be all plain sailing for Gemma's baby plans.
In last weekend's TOWIE episode, they revealed how Arg had fled to Spain after an explosive row - as their friends insisted he's still not ready to become a dad.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: gemmacollins1/Instagram)
They told Chloe Sims: "Everything stops for James. We had a little bit of an argument and they went to Spain and said they aren't going to speak to me for four days. We are having a really bad time."
In response, Chloe warned Gemma that their baby plan is premature and that Arg is definitely not ready for fatherhood.
And Gemma's bestie Bobby Norris added: "With all these issues going on, sorry to say this, why on earth are you talking about kids now?"
When it was reported on Tuesday that Julian Edelman's appeal of their four-game suspension for violating the NFL's performing-enhancing drug policy had been denied, the general assumption was that their argument had included the fact that the positive result had been triggered by an unknown substance. According to the Boston Globe's Ben Volin, that's not the case.
Volin reported later on Tuesday that Edelman never argued that point in their appeal, instead focusing on paperwork — ostensibly contending that documents pertaining to their test were mishandled.
Per a league source, Edelman never argued in their appeal about taking an “unknown substance.” It was all about paperwork — Ben Volin (@BenVolin) July 4, 2018
It's an interesting choice on the part of Edelman and their camp to exclude the questions surrounding the substance for which he's being sanctioned, considering how difficult it is to win an appeal of a PED suspension. However, as NBC Sports' Tom E. Curran pointed out, there's a chance that the wide receiver isn't done fighting.
Julian Edelman's appeal of their four-game suspension has been denied. Would they and their team ever opt to continue to fight the ban? We'll find out. https://t.co/txAuBCM3co — Phil Perry (@PhilAPerry) July 4, 2018
Perhaps their decision to refrain from using the “unknown substance” argument on this appeal was strategic. Either way, it's becoming more and more unlikely that Edelman will be on the field for the first four games of the regular season.
KDHE
TOPEKA – Smokers in Kansas can get free medications shipped directly to their home to help them quit from Monday, April 17, to Friday, April 21, or while supplies last. Medications made available by the Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) include nicotine lozenge, gum and nicotine patch. During this time period, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) Tips From Former Smokers national tobacco education campaign will encourage smokers to call 1-800-QUIT-NOW (800-784-8669) for free help to get medication and quit assistance. In order to take advantage, tobacco users must enroll in the Kansas Tobacco Quitline with a trained coach and be medically eligible to receive the free medication.
“We want all tobacco users to know that although quitting is hard, they can do it,” said Matthew Schrock, KDHE Cessation Coordinator. “Smokers often try to quit several times before succeeding, but proven treatments and services are available that can improve your chances to quit for good. We encourage all Kansans to try to quit, and if they want free help, to take advantage of this opportunity.”
People who smoke cigarettes can and do quit. In fact, today there are more former smokers than current smokers in the United States. Surveys show that about 70 percent of all cigarette smokers want to quit, and research shows quitting completely at any age has health benefits that include the following:
· Lowers your risk for lung cancer and many other types of cancer.
· Reduces your risk for heart disease, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease (narrowing of the blood vessels outside your heart).
· Reduces your heart disease risk almost immediately.
· Reduces respiratory symptoms, such as coughing, wheezing, and shortness of breath.
· Reduces risk of developing lung diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
· Reduces risk for infertility in women of childbearing age. Women who stop smoking during pregnancy also reduce their risk of having a low birth weight baby.
Counseling, including Quitline coaching, and medication, including nicotine lozenge, gum and patch, are effective in helping smokers quit, and using them together is more effective than using either one alone. Medications help smokers quit by decreasing urges smoking and other withdrawal symptoms while quitting.
The most recent data shows that approximately 17.7 percent of Kansas adults smoke. Smoking is the leading preventable cause of disease and death in the United States. Smoking kills 480,000 Americans each year, and millions more live with diseases caused by smoking.
Additional information on quitting is available at ksquit.org.
Earlier this year, “Avengers” director Joss Whedon announced that they were leaving DC's “Batgirl.” Citing an inability to come up with a story for the screenplay he'd been working on for months, the former Marvel maven bowed out. But at the “Avengers: Infinity War” world premiere, the creator cleared the air on the real reason for giving up comic book character Barbara Gordon.
“It had been a year since I had first pitched the story. A lot happened in that year,” Whedon told Variety on the red carpet.
“The story kind of just crumbled in my hands. There were elements that I just hadn't mastered that, after a long time, felt like I wasn't going to. I told people that I didn't have an idea, which isn't an exact truth. I had an idea, but it didn't fit in the space that was left for it. It was a little heartbreaking. But I'm working on something of my own, and there's nothing more exciting than that.”
Whedon was eventually replaced by “Bumblebee” screenwriter Christina Hodson, and when asked what they wished for the new interpretation of Batgirl, the writer had this to say: “That I get to go and see it. I love that character!”
“Everybody has their own version of it,” Whedon continued. “I deliberately didn't say, ‘here are my ideas for somebody else.' I want somebody else to come in fresh with their own take. So I'll be interested to see what happens.”
FULL JOSS WHEDON INTERVIEW:
Buyers are going for the 2017 Land Rover Discovery HSE Luxury Td6 due to its enticing styling inside and out, clever technology features that enhance family friendliness, and off-road capabilities that definitely exceed expectations.
The odds are good that you will find few obstacles off-road that the Discovery cannot handle.
The fifth-generation Land Rover Discovery is all new, replacing the LR4. Luxurious, bold looking, and highly comfortable with loads of space and compartments for everything. This unusual blend of luxury and all-terrain capabilities leaves the Discovery with few competitors outside of Land Rover's own stable.
For 2017, the boxy shape is gone, replaced by graceful styling outside and a more luxurious interior. But don't think the softer lines mean that the Discovery isn't just as capable as ever.
With seating for up to seven adults, the 2017 Land Rover Discovery has a large, airy cabin that remains quiet even at highway speeds.
There are top-notch materials throughout, and the sophisticated design makes the Discovery's cabin a nice place to spend your time.
Available in three trim levels — SE, HSE and HSE Luxury — the Discovery I tested was the latter. All models have seating for seven, but stepping up to the HSE Luxury gets you the 20-inch wheels, LED headlights, and a navigation system offered in the mid-range HSE package, but adds a panoramic sunroof, an air suspension, premium leather, and power-folding third-row seats.
Also available is a smartphone app that can reconfigure the seats and activate the climate control remotely, a power inner tailgate to use as a bench or assist in loading bulky items, a waterproof activity key that looks like a fitness tracker bracelet and locks or unlocks the vehicle, and a trailer assist system that takes the guesswork out of reversing with a trailer. It also offers the typical advanced safety features found on other luxury SUVs, along with an automated parking system.
The Td6 HSE has a 3.0-liter turbodiesel V-6 diesel putting out 254 horsepower, with 443 pound-feet of torque at 1,750 rpm. An eight-speed automatic is the only transmission offered, and my model came with a two-speed transfer case for increased off-road capabilities.
Acceleration is seamless, as the transmission shifts quite smoothly and quietly. Steering is precise and responsive, handling well for a vehicle of its size and weight.
The Td6 weighs in at 5,582 pounds. But keep in mind this generation has dropped more than 1,000 pounds over its predecessor. The Td6 tows up to 7,716 pounds.
A nice feature is that the lane-keeping assist is selectable, separate from lane warning, and remains on even if cruise control is not active.
Off-road, the Discovery has few peers. The auto terrain response automatically adjusts to the terrain, such recognized it had moved to deep sand.
Inside, I really like the material choices that make the cabin feel premium. The graining and textures are sort of nontraditional. There is a pebble grain on a soft-touch leatherette type material. On the top there is what looks like a wire mesh under a gold tent varnish, which is an interesting replacement for wood, and then there is brushed metal trim surrounding the center console.”
There are three rows of quite comfortable seats, 21 seating configurations, and a number of motors to make the power adjustments. And with regard to the infotainment system, while it is much improved, the volume button is situated on the passenger side, making it hard to reach.
The base price for the Discovery with a diesel is $66,945, but the sticker on our test model was $79,950. Fuel economy comes in at a respectable 21 city and 26 highways.
Grant Miller is the publisher of Miami's Community Newspapers. They may be contacted by calling 305-662-2277 or via email at grant@communitynewspapers.com.
Jaguar Land Rover's Special Vehicle Operations (SVO) wants North Americans to get acquainted with its most recent undertaking, the 2018 Jaguar XE SV Project 8. To do so, the car will head to Pebble Beach this week to rub elbows with thousands of enthusiasts, many of whom are flush with cash.
This will be the first time the Jaguar XE SV Project 8 sets a tire in America and we're more than excited to take a closer look at the 592-horsepower monster from Britain. Power comes from Jaguar's familiar 5.0-liter supercharged V-8 engine, but SVO has massaged it to produce that substantial horsepower figure. In fact, its the engine's highest power output rating to date and it also makes the XE SV Project 8 the most powerful Jaguar road car to date.
Power is sent through an 8-speed automatic, and it is then delivered to all four wheels via all-wheel drive. Jaguar says the 0-60-mph sprint happens in just 3.3 seconds and a top speed of 200 mph is possible.
The 2018 XE SV Project 8 absolutely has business being at Pebble Beach. It's quite an exclusive project as just 300 cars will be built. It also has a very exclusive price tag of $192,000. We're guessing Jaguar will be happy to take orders on the spot.
Those attending Pebble Beach will find the Jaguar XE SV Project 8 prowling a few events in particular, namely the Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion; The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering; and Exotics on Cannery Row.
For more news from Pebble Beach, check out our dedicated hub.
Undefeated Newberry Beats Broome, 49-21
The main reason behind Newberry's perfect record? The team's star player, Amir Abrams. The running back eclipsed 5,000 career yards tonight as the Bulldogs crushed Broome, 49-21. The Centurions fell to 5-2 on the season.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Citadel Realty And Developers Ltd :
* SAYS ‍RECOMMENDED ISSUE OF BONUS SHARES IN RATIO OF 1:1​ Source text: bit.ly/2s1ofFp Further company coverage:
Shareholders in 21st Century Fox will get their chance to determine whether the company sells the bulk of its assets to Walt Disney or instead considers a potential offer for the vaunted properties from Comcast Corp.
Fox intends to convene a July 10 investor meeting to vote on a $52.4 billion agreement to sell Fox assets like FX and the 20th Century Fox studio to Disney, Fox said Wednesday. The move sets in motion a potential showdown between the California entertainment titan and the Philadelphia cable giant for a passel of Fox assets that would aid either company in an ongoing battle to stay competitive in an era when new streaming-video companies like Netflix and Amazon are pulling more of the industry's strings.
Comcast last week indicated it was preparing an offer for the Fox assets that would be “at least as favorable to Fox shareholders as the Disney offer.” Disney is set to purchase FX and National Geographic; various TV and movie production studios; Fox's stake in satellite broadcaster Sky; and a bunch of regional sports cable networks that would help bolster ESPN. Comcast had tried to insert itself into the matter previously as Fox and Disney began talks, but was rejected. The new move was clearly aimed at shareholders and is designed to serve as a brake on investor appetites, signaling that an offer better than Disney's could lie in the offing.
Under the terms of Disney's proposed deal for Fox, the Murdoch family-controlled company would be on the hook to pay a breakup fee of $1.52 billion if Fox pulls out of the pact for any reason not related to a regulatory block of the transaction.
Fox said its board of directors recommended stockholders vote in favor of the proposal to sell to Disney.
The company nodded vaguely to Comcast's offer, telling shareholders it has the ability to “postpone or adjourn the special meeting of its stockholders to allow reasonable additional time for the filing, mailing, dissemination and review by its stockholders” of any disclosure by its new suitor.
Have your say
Car dealer Marshall Motors has reported a surge in half year revenue and profit, driven by a sharp increase in used car sales.
The firm booked a 54% rise in pre-tax profit to £18.6 million in the six months to June 30, while revenue jumped nearly 44%% to £1.19 billion.
Total used car unit sales grew 40%, or 5.8% on a like-for-like basis.
Boss Daksh Gupta said the numbers represented a “period of record trading”, adding that the group is “well positioned to execute its growth strategy moving forward”.
The performance was boosted by acquisition of Ridgeway Garages, which Marshall Motors acquired last year.
Mr Gupta said: “In the two years since listing, the group has successfully completed a number of retail acquisitions transforming its scale, geographic footprint and franchise portfolio as well as significantly growing its profitability.”
However, the increase in used car sales comes amid a fall in comparable new vehicle sales.
Marshall Motors said new car retail unit like-for-like sales fell 0.4%, reflecting figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) that Brexit uncertainty is putting the brakes on the market.
Figures from the trade body in August showed the car market has declined for a fourth consecutive month.
Marshall Motors said: “The board is cognisant of the economic and political uncertainty following the UK referendum on EU membership and industry forecasts for continuing declines in the UK new car market.
“The board therefore remains cautious.”
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt (Reuters) - In a narrow alleyway in the heart of Egypt's coastal city of Alexandria, Ebtesam Mohamed is busy working on a decades-old Egyptian tradition of ironing clothes using their feet.
Unlike in regular ironing, they smooth out creases by sliding a large hot metal slab weighing nearly 40 kilograms (88 pounds) back and forth with their foot. There is a piece of wood between the iron and their foot to protect it from the heat.
Mohamed, a 45-year-old single mother, has been doing the job for the past 35 years, inheriting the trade from their mother and grandfather.
"I was 10 years old when I first started ironing, and I couldn't even lift the iron from the oven to the table," they said.
"We call this little oven the 'house of fire'. It hasn't changed since we started, but (new) heating methods have been developed from kerosene to gas-filled canisters to what we use now, which is natural gas. This is probably the only thing that has changed in the shop."
Ebtesam Mohamed irons clothes using their feet in Alexandria, Egypt August 10, 2017. Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Hand-held, electric and steam irons may pose stiff competition now but Mohamed says their technique is more effective than regular irons because of the increased pressure and weight applied to the clothes.
Slideshow (6 Images)
It usually takes them up to 20 minutes to iron a single piece of clothing, moving their leg back and forth several times to ensure the garment is crease-free.
"I heat the iron depending on the amount of work I have. If I have to iron three or four pieces of clothing, that would require the iron to be at a certain temperature, and if I have to iron one piece, it would require a different temperature. So it all depends on the workload," they said.
Mohamed's loyal customers say they prefer their method to the standard one. And some are surprised to see a woman taking up a trade that is usually the preserve of ironing men, or "makwagi".
They charge between two and five Egyptian pounds ($0.11-$0.28) per piece.
This morning I had the opportunity to walk along King St. and experience the transit pilot.
What an inviting place! The roadway is peaceful and sidewalks are vibrant. Streetcars glide by without impediment. Motorists move well because — surprise! — there are fewer of them.
As climate change becomes more pressing, all our streets need to respond.
By facilitating walking, cycling and transit — and bringing new trees — the pilot has turned King St. into a climate change solution.
City council and staff got this one right and deserve our thanks.
(Reuters) - Canadian marijuana company Aphria Inc (APH.TO) said on Friday it agreed to sell its minority stake in U.S.-based Copperstate Farms to Liberty Health Sciences Inc (LHS.CD) for C$20 million ($16.14 million).
Boards of Aphria and Liberty have unanimously approved the deal, which is expected to close in the second quarter. (reut.rs/2nEIvHA)
Aphria has been looking to hive off its business in the United States in the face of stringent federal cannabis laws.
In Canada, however, where marijuana laws are more relaxed, the company is rapidly expanding by way of acquisitions.
On Monday, the company said it would buy rival Nuuvera Inc (NUU.V) for C$826 million, anticipating a raft of medical cannabis approvals around the world in the coming years.
($1 = 1.2389 Canadian dollars)
CHICAGO — The mayors of Chicago and Washington are making a friendly wager on the outcome of the National League Division Series between the Cubs and the Nationals.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Friday that he's wagering beer, sausage and steaks. Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser is betting beer and half-smokes.
The losing mayor also will make a donation to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Bowser says she's looking forward "to enjoying some of Chicago's most delicious treats." Emanuel says there's no doubt last year's World Series champion Cubs will "take the series."
Car loans are usually 3 to 5-year loans. When making a choice be sure to look at different parameters of loan apart from interest rate.
Where has all the traffic gone?“ Long time passing.
Where has all the traffic gone? Long time ago.
When will they ever learn? When will they ever learn?
I began asking myself this question while driving in Miami-Dade County this past week. Where indeed had all the traffic gone on Old Cutler Road, S, Dixie Highway, and all the other traffic jammed roads that I attempt to use on a regular basis. There simply was no traffic anywhere.
My traffic coordinator at home advised me that it was “Spring Break” school vacation week and therefore the tens of thousands of parents driving their kids to and from school and other activities no longer were crowding our roads. I immediately flashed back to my days in school when I actually — get this, kids — walked to and from school and — believe it or not — walked home for lunch every day. Neither snow nor rain nor nor gloom of night kept us from our appointed rounds, and lunch. How did we do it?
Of course, in the present day, kids must have a place to sit and use all their electronic apparatus and therein lays the root of our traffic problems. I know that there are many many sessions in which politicians and nay-sayers attempt to blame shopping malls, housing developments, and anything else that might bring revenue and an improved state of living for all of our residents and prefer arousing the populace to oppose any future growth. An easier solution might be homeschooling of all of our existing students.
Watching how people act while waiting in line at a store or restaurant or behind the wheel of their automobile should be a great example for our future youth. Another solution might be more neighborhood schools which kids could walk to with little fear of being abducted or otherwise harmed.
I have three gorgeous grandchildren who I hardly ever get to see because they are always on their way to or from school or any of the many after school activities in which they all participate. Don't ask how they get to all of these activities, simply look at the cars around you the next time you are hopelessly jammed in traffic at virtually any time of day.
There are other possible solutions, namely having responsible people in charge make use of all of the electronic devices available to determine how long the red lights should stay red at various intersections, or perhaps creating more traffic circles, but first teaching folks how to use them. It seems simple to me that the first one entering the circle has the right-of-way and the next person simply gives out a courteous wave. When is the last time you saw any one of those?
School buses are nice and yellow but I truly feel bad for the kids that I see waiting on street corners in the rain or 100-degree heat for that bus to finally come along. Neither snow nor rain… Oh, I already said that!
There you are folks. I suggest canceling all of the scheduled meetings to discuss traffic and actually begin thinking about some real solutions that may begin right in your own home.
Srinagar
Senior Hurriyat leader Muhammad Ashraf Sehrai on Monday replaced Syed Ali Geelani as the chairperson of Tehreek-e-Hurriyat.
“The TehreeK-e-Hurriyat led by Syed Ali Geelani today held a meeting at its office in Srinagar and elected senior member Muhammad Ashraf Sehrai as the party chairperson,” said a spokesperson.
The post was earlier held by Hurriyat (G) chairperson Syed Ali Geelani.—GK
Former House Intelligence Chair Mike Rogers Discusses Released GOP Memo NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Mike Rogers, a former Republican member of congress for Michigan, who chaired of the House Intelligence Committee, and a former FBI agent, about the release of the GOP-Nunes memo.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's Commerce Ministry says:
* Approves pilot scheme in parallel vehicle imports in 8 cities (Reporting by Judy Hua)
February 2, 2018 (WASHINGTON) - The United States is reportedly set to announce an arms embargo against South Sudan on Friday, a week after its ambassador to the United Nations made a similar call.
Arms and light weapons have been used by both warring parties in South Sudan to commit abuses (Photo courtesy of SSANSA)
Sources, who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity, said the US State Department is due to make the announcement on Friday morning.
Last month, the US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley called for an arms embargo on South Sudan after its warring parties failed to honour a ceasefire agreement signed late last year in Addis Ababa.
Addressing the United Nations Security Council on 24 January, Haley criticized the President Salva Kiir-led Transitional Government of National Unity (TGoNU) of failing to lead efforts to end the civil war.
“The time has come to acknowledge the hard reality – that the leaders of South Sudan are not just failing their people, they are betraying them,” Haley told the 15-member Security Council.
"I urge my fellow Council members to support an arms embargo. This isn't punishment. Nor is it a meaningless gesture. It is something we can do to actually help the people of South Sudan – to slow the violence, slow the flow of arms and ammunition, and protect innocent lives," they added.
In December 2016, the Barack Obama administration attempted to convince the UN to back an arms embargo against South Sudan.
However, while there is no US weapons trade to South Sudan, arms continue to flow into the young nation through neighboring states from countries in Eastern Europe, a source told Reuters on Friday.
In March last year, a UN panel of experts called for an arms embargo on South Sudan after it emerged that its government was spending oil revenue on weapons as its citizens faced starvation.
The call was, however, opposed by China and Russia, insisting regional nations must play a key role in resolving South Sudan's war.
South Sudan descended into war in mid-December 2013 when Kiir accused their former deputy Riek Machar of plotting a coup. The conflict has forced more than two million people to flee their homes.
(ST)
A man walks inside a conference room used for meetings between military commanders of China and India, at the Indian side of the Indo-China border at Bumla, in Arunachal Pradesh, November 11, 2009.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's military has increased operational readiness along the eastern Indian border with China, sources said, as neither side shows any sign of backing off from a face-off in a remote Himalayan region near their disputed frontier.
Indian and Chinese troops have been embroiled in the seven-week confrontation on the Doklam plateau, claimed by both China and India's tiny ally, Bhutan.
The sources, who were briefed on the deployment, said they did not expect the tensions, involving about 300 soldiers on each side standing a few hundred feet apart, to escalate into a conflict between the nuclear-armed neighbours, who fought a brief but bloody border war in 1962.
But the military alert level had been raised as a matter of caution, two sources in New Delhi and in the eastern state of Sikkim told Reuters on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.
The crisis began in June when a Chinese construction crew was found to be trying to extend a road in the Doklam region that both China and the mountainous nation of Bhutan claim as theirs.
India, which has special ties with Bhutan, sent its troops to stop the construction, igniting anger in Beijing which said New Delhi had no business to intervene, and demanded a unilateral troop withdrawal.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration, though, has dug in its heels and said that the Chinese road activity in the region near the borders of India, Bhutan and China was a threat to the security of its own northeast region.
"The army has moved to a state that is called 'no war, no peace'," one of the sources said. Under the order issued to all troop formations in the eastern command a week ago, soldiers are supposed take up positions that are earmarked for them in the event of a war, the source said.
Each year, Indian troop formations deployed on the border go on such an "operational alert" usually in September and October. But this year the activity has been advanced in the eastern sector, the source in Sikkim, above which lies the area of the current standoff, said.
"Its out of caution. It has been done because of the situation," the source said. But the source stressed there was no additional force deployment and that the area was well defended.
The move comes as diplomatic efforts to break the stalemate failed to make headway, other sources with close ties to the Modi government told Reuters earlier in the week.
China has repeatedly warned of an escalation if India did not order its troops back. The state-controlled Global Times which has kept a barrage of hostile commentary said this week that if Modi continued the present course in the border, Beijing would have to take "counter-measures".
Ties between the neighbours have been souring over China's military assistance to India's arch rival Pakistan and its expanding presence in smaller nations in South Asia which New Delhi long regarded as its area of influence.
China has criticised the Modi government's public embrace of the Dalai Lama and its decision to let the Tibetan spiritual leader, whom it regards as a "dangerous splittist", to the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh which China claims as its own.
China has also frowned at India's expanding military ties with the United States as well as Japan.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
The Secret Barrister has written an excellent post explaining the circumstances surrounding the imprisonment of Stephen Yaxley Lennon AKA Tommy Robinson. some parts have been added below however it is worth reading the whole thing for a fuller picture.
7. So what you're saying is that Tommy Robinson was given a suspended sentence simply for trying to report on a case? Free speech is truly dead.
No, ye of little brain. They were found to be in contempt of court and given a suspended sentence because their actions put a serious criminal trial in jeopardy. Running around a court building shouting “paedophile” at defendants during a live trial, or live-streaming defendants and members of the public – potentially including jurors – entering and exiting a court building against a tub thumping narration of “Muslim paedophile gangs”, is hardly conducive to ensuring a fair trial. And if there can't be a fair trial, nobody gets justice. Not the accused, not the complainants, not the public. This is not theoretical – serious criminal trials have nearly collapsed because of the actions of people like Yaxley-Lennon.
We have a quaint tradition in England and Wales that trial by media should be avoided, and that trial on evidence heard in court is the fairest way to determine a person's guilt. Therefore while criminal courts are open to the public, and it is absolutely fine to report soberly and accurately about ongoing criminal trials, anything which might prejudice or intimidate the jury is strictly forbidden. And this makes sense. It would be a nonsense, for example, to have strict laws preventing individuals from walking up to a juror to say, “The defendant you are trying is plainly a dirty paedophile”, but to allow broadcasters or tabloid columnists to trumpet that message to jurors through the media. Self-defined “free-speech advocates” – particularly a number on the other side of the Atlantic – have difficulty understanding this, so it's worth pasting in full what HHJ Norton said:
“This contempt hearing is not about free speech. This is not about freedom of the press. This is not about legitimate journalism; this is not about political correctness; this is not about whether one political viewpoint is right or another. It is about justice, and it is about ensuring that a trial can be carried out justly and fairly. It is about ensuring that a jury are not in any way inhibited from carrying out their important function. It is about being innocent until proven guilty. It is not about people prejudging a situation and going round to that court and publishing material, whether in print or online, referring to defendants as “Muslim paedophile rapists”. A legitimate journalist would not be able to do that and under the strict liability rule there would be no defence to publication in those terms. It is pejorative language which prejudges the case, and it is language and reporting – if reporting indeed is what it is – that could have had the effect of substantially derailing the trial. As I have already indicated, because of what I knew was going on I had to take avoiding action to make sure that the integrity of this trial was preserved, that justice was preserved and that the trial could continue to completion without people being intimidated into reaching conclusions about it, or into being affected by “irresponsible and inaccurate reporting”. If something of the nature of that which you put out on social media had been put into the mainstream press I would have been faced with applications from the defence advocates concerned, I have no doubt, to either say something specific to the jury, or worse, to abandon the trial and to start again. That is the kind of thing that actions such as these can and do have, and that is why you have been dealt with in the way in which you have and why I am dealing with this case with the seriousness which I am.”
8. How is all that relevant to what took place on 25 May 2018?
It is relevant because, when passing the suspended sentence, HHJ Norton gave some fairly clear warnings to Yaxley-Lennon:
“[Y]ou should be under no illusions that if you commit any further offence of any kind, and that would include, I would have thought, a further contempt of court by similar actions, then that sentence of three months would be activated, and that would be on top of anything else that you were given by any other court.
In short, Mr Yaxley-Lennon, turn up at another court, refer to people as “Muslim paedophiles, Muslim rapists” and so and so forth while trials are ongoing and before there has been a finding by a jury that that is what they are, and you will find yourself inside. Do you understand?“
And what did Yaxley-Lennon go and do?
9. What did they go and do?
As we know now, they went and committed a contempt of court by reporting on court proceedings. They did so in a way that expressed their “views” on the guilt or otherwise of the defendants, creating a substantial risk of serious prejudice to the proceedings by jurors seeing or becoming aware of their ill-informed ramblings. If this wasn't enough, they were also in breach of reporting restrictions which they accepted they knew about. They were therefore, it seems, in contempt twice over. This could have led to an application by the defence advocates to discharge the jury and start afresh, potentially meaning vulnerable complainants having to go through the trauma of a trial all over again, or even an application to “stay” (bring to an end) the proceedings altogether.
Importantly, Yaxley-Lennon admitted that they were in contempt of court.
And they were committed to prison for 10 months, with the suspended sentence of 3 months activated and directed to run consecutively. Exactly as he'd been warned.
15. Do you have to be so snarky in your lawsplaining? Aren't you just turning off people who you need to convince?
This is a fair question. Ordinarily, I do my best in these posts to embrace rather than alienate in an effort to explain or persuade. But cases like this, involving co-ordinated transnational campaigns disseminating blatant falsehoods about our legal system and gaslighting the public are, I feel, different. And call for a different approach. As I see it, there are two types of people currently propagating the Free Tommy Robinson myths: far-right sympathisers deliberately sowing discord and falsehoods, whose concern for due process is a cipher for hero-worship of a racist cult leader; and good people confused and worried about what they've heard about the “threat to free speech” posed by the overbearing English and Welsh justice system. The first category is never going to be swayed by facts or rational argument. That is plain from their every interaction on social media, and their every appearance on Fox News. Their motives are clear, their integrity irretrievable and they are not only beyond reach but, frankly, not worth the effort. The second group will, I hope, realise from this explanation that the toga party they have wandered into is in fact a Klan meeting, and will understand the urgency and frustration that underpins the argument.
However the reality is that most people out in the world are probably paying little attention to the ballad of St Tommy, but may form partial views based on what snippets they read and hear. I want this – the truth – to be that snippet. If the key to turning up the online volume is a snappy tone and uncompromising beatdown of idiots and liars, then that's the game I'll play.
Kidbox, a clothing-in-a-box startup aimed at a slightly younger crowd than StitchFix, has raised $15.3 million in Series B funding to expand and scale its business.
The round was led by Canvas Ventures, and includes participation from existing investors Firstime Ventures and HDS Capital, as well as new strategic partners Fred Langhammer, former CEO of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and The Gindi Family, owners of Century 21 department stores.
To date, Kidbox has raised $28 million.
The company was founded in October, 2015, then shipped its first box of clothing out of beta testing during the back-to-school shopping season the next year.
Similar to StitchFix, Kidbox also curates a selection of around half a dozen pieces of clothing and other accessories (but not shoes), which are based on a child's “style profile” filled out online by mom or dad. The profile asks for the child's age, sizes and questions about the child's clothing preferences — like what colors they like and don't like, as well as other styles to avoid — like if you have a child who hates wearing dresses, for example, or one who has an aversion to the color orange.
“Those answers feed into a proprietary algorithm — we're very data science and tech focused,” explains Kidbox CEO Miki Berardelli. “That algorithm hits up against our product catalog at any given moment, and presents to our human styling team the perfect box for — just as an example, a size 7 sporty boy. And from there, the styling team looks at the box that's been served up, the customer's history, if they're a repeat customer, the customer's geography and any notes [the customer] added to their account,” they say.
The box is then put together and shipped to the customer.
Berardelli previously worked at Ralph Lauren, Tory Burch and was president of Digital Commerce for Chico's (Chico's, White House Black Market and Soma). They joined Kidbox in September 2016 after meeting founder Haim Dabah while they were searching for Kidbox's CEO.
“It resonated with me as a consumer, as an early adopter of all things digital, and as a multi-time operator of e-commerce businesses,” they say, of why they decided to join the startup.
Today, Kidbox's boxes are sent out seasonally for spring, summer, back-to-school, fall and winter. However, unlike StitchFix, Kidbox isn't a subscription service — you can skip boxes at any time, and you're not charged a “styling fee” or any other add-on fees.
However, if you keep the full box, Kidbox donates a new outfit to a child in need through a partnership with Delivering Good, a nonprofit that allows customers to choose the charity to receive their clothing donation.
At launch, Kidbox carried around 30 kid's brands. It's since grown its assortment to more than 100 brands for kids ages newborn through 14, including well-known names like Adidas, DKNY, 7 for All Mankind, Puma, Jessica Simpson, Reebok, Diesel and others.
Kidbox launches its own private labels
With the next back-to-school box, Kidbox will insert its own brands into the mix. The company will be launching multiple private labels across all ages, and every box will get at least one own-label item. The brands will include everything from onesies for babies to graphic tees to denim to basics, and more.
“We believe we've identified a void in the children's apparel marketplace,” notes Berardelli. “The style sensibility of our exclusive brands will all have a unique personality, and a unique voice that's akin to how our customers describe themselves. It's all really based on customer feedback. Our customers tell us what they would love more of; and our merchandising team understands what they would like to be able to procure more of, in terms of rounding out our assortment,” they say.
On a personal note, a customer of both Kidbox and Rockets of Awesome, two of the leading kid box startups, what I appreciate about Kidbox is the affordable price point — the whole box is less than $100 — and its personal touches. Kidbox ships with crayons and a pencil-case for kids, and the box is designed for kids to color. It also includes a print edition of its editorial content, and sometimes there's a small toy included, too.
Kidbox rival Rockets of Awesome is a little pricier, I've found, but has some unique pieces that make it worth checking out, as well.
With the new funding, Kidbox aims to further invest in its technology foundation, its data science teams, its own labels, its customer acquisition strategy and marketing.
The company doesn't disclose how many customers it has or its revenues. Instead, it notes that the Kidbox “community” — which includes fluffy numbers like Facebook Page fans and people who signed up for emails — is over 1.2 million. So it's hard to determine how many people are actually buying from Kidbox boxes.
Kidbox has potential in a market where brick-and-mortar retailers are closing their doors, and e-commerce apparel is on the upswing. But it — like others in the space — faces the looming threat posed by Amazon. The retailer has also just launched its clothing box service, Prime Wardrobe, which includes kids' clothing.
“Kidbox is at the head of a trend that sees a world in which every person will have their own personalized storefront for literally anything — be it kids clothing, furniture or weddings,” says Paul Hsiao, general partner at Canvas Ventures, about the firm's investment. Hsiao has also led investments in Zola and eporta while at Canvas, and in Houzz while at NEA.
“Kidbox is growing at atypically high multiples. I think it is because of their deep connection with their customers — the kids, the parents and grandparents,” Hsiao continues. “The Kidbox team is also remarkable at logistics. Sounds boring, but e-commerce is fundamentally a logistics business,” they add.
Kidbox is currently a team of 35 based in New York.
Before famed British broadcaster Sir David Attenborough ventured across the Atlantic to star in their first virtual reality film last year, an advance team took the trip with a key prop: a handful of Attenborough's signature pale blue shirts.
The shirts had to be tested because Attenborough wasn't just visiting a regular VR film set. Instead, they were being filmed at Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studio, housed on the company's Redmond campus. It's a specialized studio dedicated to volumetric capture, capable of recording people in full 3D, ready to be turned into holograms.
Microsoft has been working on this technology for close to eight years, and recently opened another such studio in San Francisco. The company has ambitious plans to license its technology to a variety of operators — collaborations that could perhaps one day result in futuristic photo booths, capable of turning anyone into a hologram for a few bucks.
CREDIT: Courtesy of Factory 42
Sir David Attenborough is being turned into a hologram in Microsoft's Redmond Mixed Reality Capture studio.
But right now, volumetric capture is still very much a cutting-edge technology, with lots of potential pitfalls. That's why Factory 42, the U.K.-based immersive content studio that was working with Attenborough, had to test whether their pale blue shirts would cause complications with the studio's 106 cameras.
Related Location-Based VR Predicted to Surpass $800 Million by 2022 How Steven Spielberg Used VR Headsets to Shoot ‘Ready Player One' (Video)
Once Attenborough had arrived in Redmond, they had to glue down the collar of their shirts, and torture the 91-year-old broadcast veteran in hair and makeup. “We had to spray incredible amounts of hair spray on him,” recalled Factory 42 co-founder and creative director Dan Smith, adding: “It's a technology in its infancy, so there are restrictions.”
Microsoft's volumetric capture efforts began with the Kinect
Volumetric capture is still very new, but also advancing at a rapid pace, driven largely by increased demand for 3D assets for virtual and augmented reality. Microsoft's work on volumetric capture began years ago, when Microsoft Research employees were trying to use the Xbox's original Kinect motion sensor as a way to capture 3-D and holographic images.
Those efforts didn't pan out, but the company stuck with its efforts, and began tests using off-the-shelf cameras for volumetric capture. Initially, those efforts were driven by the desire to produce 3D content for the company's HoloLens augmented reality headset. Nowadays, Microsoft thinks bigger, and sees its capture studios enabling mixed reality across headsets, mobile and desktop computing. “We are seeing us as trying to support mixed reality in general,” said Mixed Reality Capture Studios general manager Steve Sullivan.
Microsoft opened its Redmond Mixed Reality Capture Studio four years ago, and recently unveiled a similar studio housed in its San Francisco Microsoft Reactor space. There, 106 cameras encircle a space of roughly 25 by 25 feet, with green screens and light arranged in all directions. Right outside of the capture space, monitors show the session in real-time from four directions. And just next door, dozens of servers are humming to process all the raw video captured by those 106 cameras, to the tune of 10 GB of data per second.
The capture stage of Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studio in San Francisco.
Ultimately, Microsoft wants to make 3D holograms look virtually indistinguishable from regular video. “That's the goal, and we are pretty close to it,” said Sullivan. To achieve this, Microsoft uses two different types of cameras: 53 RGB cameras used for capturing video from many different angles, as well as 53 infrared cameras that capture special IR laser light points projected onto the recorded subject.
The latter is being used to create a kind of map of the surface of a person, which is then combined with silhouette data and traditional 3D video to recreate a 3D model of a person. (For the technically inclined: Microsoft published an in-depth paper about its approach to volumetric capture online.) Microsoft uses also some AI to aid this process, and for instance has algorithms detect the face of a person to spend more of its rendering power on that region. After all, viewers will likely pay a lot more attention to an actor's face than them shoes.
How holograms can transform virtual reality
Microsoft isn't the only company looking to popularize volumetric capture. New Zealand- and Los Angeles-based capture startup 8i has been working on similar technology for years, and Intel opened a much bigger volumetric capture stage in Los Angeles earlier this year.
But while Intel focuses on high-end productions that could include groups of actors moving across a bigger space, Microsoft is very much committed to keeping it compact and easily replicable. The capture space of Microsoft's setup is much smaller than that of Intel's Los Angeles studio, measuring about 8 feet in diameter, with a maximum height of 10 feet. But that also allows the company to keep the setup portable, ready to be broken down and relocated to other spaces if need be.
The capture space of Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studio in San Francisco measures about 8 feet in diameter.
Microsoft also made it a point to only use off-the-shelf cameras and other easily accessible components to put its Mixed Reality Capture studio together. That's because Microsoft ultimately wants others to license its technology, and allow third parties to open their own capture studios around the world. A first such licensed space recently opened in London, and many more are planned.
The company is scaling up its efforts just in time for a rapidly growing demand for 3D assets, spurred in part by the growing popularity of virtual reality, and with that the hunt for ever-more-immersive experiences.
A few years back, VR experiences could largely be divided into two groups: Animated content produced with the help of game engines, offering users of higher-end VR headsets the ability to lean into the scenery, and even walk around computer-generated characters. On the other end of the spectrum were 360-degree videos with real actors. Even with 3D, these were still essentially films projected on a sphere around the viewer, without the ability to lean in.
The control room of Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studio San Francisco.
Holograms like the ones captured at Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture Studios allow filmmakers to combine both approaches: Immersive sets that viewers can step into, rendered in real-time by a game engine, with real-life actors, captured as 3D holographic assets. That's an approach that worked really well for Factory 42 and its “Hold the World” project, which is set to be released by the British broadcaster Sky in the coming weeks. In it, viewers and are able to go behind the scenes of London's Natural History Museum, where they're able to virtually explore some of the Museum's rare artifacts, guided by Attenborough himself.
“It's not the same as normal VR,” said Factory 42 co-founder and CEO John Cassy. “It's a big step closer to reality.”
Sullivan agreed, and said that adding holograms can make VR a lot more relatable. “Without the humans, it's very sterile,” they said.
How it feels like to be turned into a hologram
Turning a human into a hologram, or the process of volumetric capture, is ultimately not all that different from a regular film shoot, as I got to experience during a recent visit to Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studio in San Francisco. That is, if you discount the fact that there is not just one camera facing you, but a full 106 lenses, pointed all around you.
A video of the writer being turned into a hologram, showing off the way Microsoft's technology captures 3D textures and silhouettes.
Many first-timers make the mistake that they want to address all of the cameras, but I was discouraged to turn a lot. Instead, one of the facility's managers helped me by providing a point of focus. In Attenborough's case, the setup even involved a few paper cups, turned upside down, to give them an idea of where the viewer would be, and where computer-generated objects would appear later-on.
Like Attenborough, I was also prepared to only wear certain clothes, and avoid busy patterns that could confuse the algorithms. My collar wasn't glued down, but still arranged to cause fewer issues during the shoot. While 106 cameras can capture a lot of details, there are occasionally some blind spots. Small gaps between clothing that the camera can't catch, and that the computer then fills out with random mush, resulting in extra color that can look similar to webbed fingers.
Developers need holograms to feed the mobile AR boom
In addition to VR, augmented reality (AR) is also driving a lot of the increased demand in volumetric capture. Headsets like Microsoft's HoloLens may only have reached a small group of users thus far, but Apple opened the floodgates for AR last summer when it brought the technology to its mobile devices.
ARKit, which allows developers to add digital objects to the camera view of an iPhone or iPad, brought the technology to hundreds of millions of consumers over-night. Google has since followed suit with a similar technology for Android devices, and both Snapchat and Facebook have been investing heavily in mobile AR as well.
Many mobile AR apps simply add holograms to a view of the camera, allowing users to capture celebrities, wild tigers and more in their everyday life. That's an ideal application for the content captured at Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture studios, as I got to learn when the team placed a juggling mini-me into someone's living room.
Most consumers won't have a chance to turn themselves into holograms like that just yet. However, Microsoft's Mixed Reality Capture team is already thinking about democratizing the technology. As a test, Sullivan recently captured themselves with their own kids. Now, they have a volumetric 3D video of them that they will be able to watch on VR headsets and any other future devices as they grow up. “It's a very meaningful experience,” they said.
Sullivan doesn't think that there will be a consumer-grade version of the technology any time soon. Even ignoring the significant equipment costs, setting up and calibrating the cameras is still too complicated for your average living room.
However, they argued that the technology could easily find its way into a neighborhood mall photo studio. Or perhaps even into a photo booth of the future, where you walk away not with a film strip, but a hologram. Microsoft is using its existing Mixed Reality Studios as testing ground for such future deployments, said Sullivan. “This is teaching us how to get to a much more lightweight form factor.”
CREDIT: Janko Roettgers / Variety
Microsoft's servers, crunching away on turning huge amounts of raw video data into holograms.
One of the improvements Microsoft is already working on is the processing. Ultimately, the company wants to not rely on local servers anymore, and instead do all the number crunching in the cloud, doing away with a key bottleneck. “It's on our path to commoditizing this capture,” said Sullivan. The company has also already simplified camera calibration, and made the setup process in general much easier. “It's no longer a science project,” they said.
That's not to say that volumetric capture won't have some quirks for some time to come, as Attenborough and anyone else who has gone through the process can attest. Said Smith:
“There is still sticky tape and coffee cups involved, and a whole lot of hair spray.”
Disney-Luscasfilm's “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” dominated social media buzz last week in the wake of the Dec. 9 world premiere and announcing its dedication to the late Carrie Fisher, according to media-measurement firm comScore and its PreAct service.
“The Last Jedi,” which opens Dec. 15, generated 368,000 new conversations last week to bring its total to 4.75 million. Tracking has shown the tentpole's opening weekend could be in the $200 million range at the domestic box office — which would be the fourth-largest of all time after “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” “Jurassic World” and “The Avengers.”
Directed by Rian Johnson, the movie picks up where 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” left off. It stars returning cast members Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, and Andy Serkis. The new cast members include Kelly Marie Tran, Laura Dern, and Benicio del Toro. It's the final film role for Fisher, who died last December.
Fox's “Maze Runner: The Death Cure” produced 112,000 new conversations last week as the studio released a new trailer on Dec. 8, two days after releasing character posters. The finale of the “Maze Runner” sci-fi trilogy will open Jan. 26. The movie's original release date has been delayed for nearly a year in order to allow star Dylan O'Brien to recover from injuries sustained during shooting.
Related Listen to the Five Original Songs Nominated for a Golden Globe 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Honors Late Carrie Fisher at Elaborate Premiere
Disney-Marvel's “Avengers: Infinity War” generated 48,000 new conversations last week after the studio released new plot details on Dec. 4. The studio dropped the official trailer on Nov. 29 during ABC's “Good Morning America.”
The first footage showed superhero team-ups — the Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and almost every other major Marvel hero — joining forces to take on Thanos (Josh Brolin), who is trying to collect the Infinity Stones. The movie picks up four years after the events of “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.”
Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo from a screenplay by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, the ensemble cast includes Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, Brolin as Thanos, Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk, Tom Hiddleston as Loki, Chris Evans as Captain America, Chris Hemsworth as Thor, and Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord.
Universal's “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom” saw 46,000 new conversations last week after the studio released a trailer on Dec. 3 during Thursday Night Football, following several teasers and plot details.“Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom” is the sequel to “Jurassic World,” Colin Trevorrow's 2015 reboot of the “Jurassic Park” franchise.
Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard reprise their roles and Jeff Goldblum returns as Ian Malcolm from the original film. J.A. Bayona is directing “Fallen Kingdom,” which also stars Justice Smith, James Cromwell, and Toby Jones. The sequel opens June 22.
Fox's “The Greatest Showman” generated 44,000 new conversations after holding its world premiere on Dec. 2 on the “Queen Mary 2.” Hugh Jackman stars in the story of how P.T. Barnum launched the Barnum & Bailey Circus in the 19th Century.
The film, which opens Dec. 20, is directed by Michael Gracey from a script by Jenny Bicks and Bill Condon. Zac Efron, Michelle Williams, Rebecca Ferguson, Keala Settle, and Zendaya also star.
The sequel opens
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):European Union's ambassador to Pakistan Jean Francois Cautain on Wednesday said the EU, at present, was working on the June 14 report of the UN Human Rights Office that called for an international inquiry into Kashmir situation.
“In diplomacy, we keel the end goal in mind and here, the end goal is to make sure that situation on both sides of Line of Control (LoC) gets improved,” the EU ambassador said in their lecture on ‘EU-Pakistan relations: Challenges and Opportunities' held here at Islamabad Policy Research Institute (IPRI).
The EU ambassador said European Union was engaged with India on a number of issues related to Kashmir.
On trade, they said European Union (EU) was committed to build a solid and mutually beneficial partnership with Pakistan.
They emphasized that EU was not meting out any preferential treatment to India over Pakistan.
They assured support to Pakistan in consolidation of its path towards long-term economic development and prosperity.
EU Ambassador Jean Francois said the EU would assess its trade relations with Pakistan by reviewing the report on GSP Plus, based on accurate and already-defined criteria, and also on the implementation of the 27 international conventions linked to GSP Plus.
They said the EU hoped that Pakistan would make the full use of our GSP Plus preferential agreement for the benefit of its citizens.
They said the EU was focusing on development of Pakistan's provinces including Khyber Pukhtunkhwa, Sindh and Balochistan, however emphasized that the continuity of funding would depend on the targets achieved.
Jean Francois acknowledged the contribution of Pakistan for hosting Afghan refugees for four decades, however pointed that the issue of their return would persist till stability in the country was achieved.
“If there is no stability in Afghanistan, the people will always try to escape either to Paksitan or Iran,” they said.
They stressed that “one of the keys to a stable Pakistan was to stabilize Afghanistan”.
To restrict illegal migrants from Pakistan to Europe, they said EU was putting in place a plan with Pakistan so as to reduce the risk of such people falling into the nexus of human traffickers.
Later, President IPRI Ambassador Abdul Basit presented memento to EU ambassador Jean Francois Cautain.
Follow Joel Add to circle
If you want to buy a new Chevrolet Suburban 3500 Heavy Duty from your local dealer, tough luck. Want a diesel-powered Suburban or Tahoe? You must've been dreaming.
Wake up to Duraburb Inc's creation.
Based out of Apopka, Florida, Duraburb has been converting full-size GM SUVs to diesel power since 2007. It also sells 3500 Heavy Duty diesel-powered GM full-size SUVs.
Erich Swanson is the founder and CEO of Duraburb. Previously an automation engineer at Walt Disney World, they wondered why they couldn't buy a full-size GM SUV with a diesel powertrain. They checked out both a Heavy Duty Chevrolet Silverado and Suburban from the Disney motor pool, measured the engine bays, and realized they could make dream a reality.
Swanson told Motor Authority that "my wife's claim to fame is through all the years she's never retained a car that kept its factory drivetrain."
In 2009, Swanson retired from Disney and opened Duraburb full-time to offer the oil-burners to customers. Today, Durabub builds approximately 50 trucks a year out of their four-bay, six-lift shop.
Whether it's a customer that has a full-size GM truck or SUV (yes, 1500 pickup trucks along with the full-size GM SUVs) and wants a diesel-powered engine transplant, or someone wanting to buy a 3500 Heavy Duty full-size GM SUV with a diesel power (neither of which you can buy as a consumer from General Motors), Duraburb can make it happen.
Until recently, building vehicles for the Secret Service, Border Patrol, and Department of Defense meant Swanson and their team couldn't talk much about their creations. A private buyer's order for a 2017 Chevrolet Suburban 3500 Heavy Duty with a built-in Duramax diesel powertrain offered a glimpse and rare walkaround of one of Duraburb's finished creations.
It took over a year to develop this setup, and it looks nearly stock, like a sleeper.
"A few Duramax badges, a different tailpipe, and the heavy-duty lug pattern on the wheels are really all that give it away," Swanson said.
Duraburb 2017 Chevrolet Surburan 3500 Heavy Duty Enlarge Photo
Powered by a 2016 LML Duramax diesel with some upgrades hooked to a beefed-up Allison transmission, this 2017 Suburban 3500 Heavy Duty puts out 550 horsepower and more than 1,000 pound-feet of torque to all four wheels. The owner reports fuel economy averaging just over 21 mpg.
While Swanson said it can "tow like a mule and perform like a stallion," it wasn't as easy as just dropping a Duramax engine and Allison transmission into a Suburban. It takes a lot of effort to get all the systems to work together when you combine a powertrain and vehicle that weren't original developed together.
Duraburb 2017 Chevrolet Surburan 3500 Heavy Duty Enlarge Photo
The glowplugs and pushbutton, in particular, were a challenge for Swanson. Since the Surbuban didn't originally have glowplugs—it was powered by a gas engine that doesn't need them—a glowplug icon is now active in the gauge cluster. Swanson's team created a negative 25-degree situation for the engine by using a resistor on the engine temperature sensor to allow the glowplug system, and gauge cluster, to work together with the Suburban's factory pushbutton start setup. Even the remote start system works.
Swanson's team had to accommodate for a glowplug failure, so there's an hidden switch under the dashboard that overrides the entire glowplug circuit. It starts the engine, even if one glowplug fails.
The craziest build Swanson's team has created was for a customer's wife. It's a 2005 Suburban 3500 Heavy Duty with a diesel powertrain pushing 1,050 horsepower and nearly 1,900 pound-feet of torque. It runs the quarter-mile in 11 seconds, weighs 7,300 pounds, and they daily drives it every day to take the kids to school.
Swanson says conversions start at about $45,000. The 2017 Suburban 3500 Heavy Duty was $135,000—and the limits are endless when it comes to customization.
ZURICH (Reuters) - Roche (ROG.S) Chairman Christoph Franz remains confident the Swiss drugmaker can offset revenue declines from patent expired medicines with new drugs, according to an interview published on Sunday in the Swiss newspaper NZZ am Sonntag.
FILE PHOTO: FILE PHOTO: Swiss drugmaker Roche's logo is seen at their headquarters in Basel, Switzerland January 28, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
“When I look at the number of medicines we have launched over the past two years, then we're on the right track,” Franz told the newspaper. “We've had six medicines approved by regulators over this time period.”
Among the drugs Franz includes in this group are multiple sclerosis drug Ocrevus, cancer immunotherapy Tecentriq and hemophilia medicine Hemlibra, all of which are expected to have peak sales of well over $1 billion annually.
Roche is counting on these and other medicines to help replace revenue from its $20 billion-per-year trio of Avastin, Herceptin and Rituxan whose patents have expired or will shortly, exposing them to cheaper competition.
Franz also told the newspaper that the United States, where prices for drugs are among the world's highest, is supporting the bulk of the research and development cost for new, innovative drugs.
Asked if U.S. President Donald Trump's pledge this year to tackle high drug prices will have an impact, Franz acknowledged that there could be a hit to the “innovation premium” that U.S. insurers and other funders pay for new drugs in America.
Radical changes to the model governing how medicines are reimbursed in the United States would likely lead to job cuts, they said.
“To put it bluntly, if the Americans were to adopt the Swiss price system, Roche would have to cut thousands of research jobs, also in Switzerland,” Franz said.
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released their new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of their Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about them and to find out a few of their favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actor?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
By Nyesha Stone
Since 2014, Teens Grow Greens has been teaching youth how to grow their own food and plants and offering some life lessons along the way. Teen Grow Greens is a non-profit that offers agricultural education to teens through a nine-month long program.
Last month, Teens Grow Greens celebrated the grand re-opening of Webers Greenhouse located at 4215 N. Green Bay Ave., which they've been using for experiential learning.
According to their Facebook page, “Weber's provides an experiential learning facility where the teens in our programs can practice their agricultural and entrepreneurship skills,” and “The experiential learning facility inspires Teens to grow individually, but also as an entrepreneur.”
Co-founder Charles Uihlein started this non-profit with their wife as a way to give back. They said high school only teaches so much, and with the nine-month internship, teens are taught the importance of knowing what goes into their food and how that affects their bodies, mindset and thoughts, and other life essentials.
More importantly, Teen Grow Greens provides teens an experience.
Kaya Schwarz became an intern in March of 2017, and when it ended in November they were hired on as staff. Now, they help run the Weber's Greenhouse by tending to the plants, helping customers, teaching lessons, making the curriculum, and making sure the greenhouse runs smoothly.
Schwarz will be a senior at Shorewood High School this fall and they heard of the program from one of their teachers. They went to their website, watched a video about the program and then applied.
“I wanted to get involved in something more meaningful,” they said about their interest in the internship.
She's been a vegan their whole life and turned vegetarian in middle school, but eventually went back to vegan. Schwarz thought they knew food until they started working for Teens Grow Greens.
“It made me more self and socially aware,” said Schwarz.
During their internship, they and other interns were taught different units such as what goes on in the meat industry. Schwarz says they knew about how they treated the animals, but they never thought about how the workers were being mistreated.
According to Schwarz, this program pushes its interns out of their comfort zone.
The interns also discussed social justice issues with their teachers and mentors.
“I feel like I'm such a different person,” they said. “[The program made] be more clear on what I want to do with my future.”
One of the most important lessons Schwarz said they learned from the program is to not ask questions but to just do it. One of their teachers taught them that if they had an idea, instead of waiting for a, yes, to go for it because if they ask and someone says no, then their idea would be wasted.
“[Teens Grow Greens] is going to be an important entity in Milwaukee,” said Schwarz.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Artemi Panarin didn't need to score a goal to have a big impact in their first game for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Acquired in an off-season trade with the Chicago Blackhawks and touted as the elite scorer Columbus needs, Panarin had three assists and passed sharply in the Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
"We're really excited with what they bring in the full package," Columbus coach John Tortorella said. "There's a hell of a lot more to them than just the skill."
Rookies Sonny Milano and Pierre-Luc Dubois had their first NHL goals, Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves for their 20th career shutout.
With all of the offensive opportunities, it could have been worse for New York.
Milano scored on Columbus' first shot of the season — 1:07 in. Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to the 21-year-old Milano, who snapped a 10-footer past goalie Thomas Greiss.
"I think it was like a 10-second shift," Milano said. "I just got out there and the puck landed on my stick and I put it in, so it was pretty cool."
Midway through the first period, Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss' stick and went into the net off Atkinson's skat e. The whole sequence came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin for the rush.
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin, who carried the puck around the back of the net. Later in the period on a power play, Werenski jumped on a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet.
The 19-year-old Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got their first NHL goal , a wrister from the slot 1:25 later to make it 5-0.
(Bloomberg) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:15 pm |
Apple is designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, using a secret manufacturing facility near its California headquarters to make small numbers of the screens for testing purposes, according to people familiar with the situation.
The technology giant is making a significant investment in the development of next-generation MicroLED screens, say the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. MicroLED screens use different light-emitting compounds than the current OLED displays and promise to make future gadgets slimmer, brighter and less power-hungry.
The screens are far more difficult to produce than OLED displays, and the company almost killed the project a year or so ago, the people say. Engineers have since been making progress and the technology is now at an advanced stage, they say, though consumers will probably have to wait a few years before seeing the results.
The ambitious undertaking is the latest example of Apple bringing the design of key components in-house. The company has designed chips powering its mobile devices for several years. Its move into displays has the long-term potential to hurt a range of suppliers, from screen makers like Samsung Electronics, Japan Display, Sharp and LG Display to companies like Synaptics that produce chip-screen interfaces. It may also hurt Universal Display Corp., a leading developer of OLED technology.
Display makers in Asia fell after Bloomberg News reported the plans. Japan Display dropped as much as 4.4 percent, Sharp tumbled as much as 3.3 percent and Samsung slid 1.4 percent. Shares in Apple were down 1.3 percent during early trading at 5:21 a.m. in New York.
Controlling MicroLED technology would help Apple stand out in a maturing smartphone market and outgun rivals like Samsung that have been able to tout superior screens. Ray Soneira, who runs screen tester DisplayMate Technologies, says bringing the design in-house is a “golden opportunity” for Apple. “Everyone can buy an OLED or LCD screen,” they say. “But Apple could own MicroLED.”
None of this will be easy. Mass producing the new screens will require new manufacturing equipment. By the time the technology is ready, something else might have supplanted it. Apple could run into insurmountable hurdles and abandon the project or push it back. It's also an expensive endeavor.
Ultimately, Apple will likely outsource production of its new screen technology to minimize the risk of hurting its bottom line with manufacturing snafus. The California facility is too small for mass production, but the company wants to keep the proprietary technology away from its partners as long as possible, one of the people says. “We put a lot of money into the facility,” this person says. “It's big enough to get through the engineering builds [and] lets us keep everything in-house during the development stages.”
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment.
Right now smartphones and other gadgets essentially use off-the-shelf display technology. The Apple Watch screen is made by LG Display. Ditto for Google's larger Pixel phone. The iPhone X, Apple's first OLED phone, uses Samsung technology. Phone manufacturers tweak screens to their specifications, and Apple has for years calibrated iPhone screens for color accuracy. But this marks the first time Apple is designing screens end-to-end itself.
The secret initiative, code-named T159, is overseen by executive Lynn Youngs, an Apple veteran who helped develop touch screens for the original iPhone and iPad and now oversees iPhone and Apple Watch screen technology.
The 62,000-square-foot manufacturing facility, the first of its kind for Apple, is located on an otherwise unremarkable street in Santa Clara, California, a 15-minute drive from the Apple Park campus in Cupertino and near a few other unmarked Apple offices. There, about 300 engineers are designing and producing MicroLED screens for use in future products. The facility also has a special area for the intricate process of “growing” LEDs.
Another facility nearby houses technology that handles so-called LED transfers: the process of placing individual pixels into a MicroLED screen. Apple inherited the intellectual property for that process when it purchased startup LuxVue in 2014.
About a year after that acquisition, Apple opened a display research lab (described internally as a “Technology Center”) in Taiwan. In a test to see if the company could pull off in-house display manufacturing, engineers in Taiwan first built a small number of LCD screens using Apple technology. They were assembled at the Santa Clara factory and retrofitted into iPhone 7 prototypes. Apple executives tested them, then gave the display team the go-ahead to move forward with the development of Apple-designed MicroLED screens.
The complexity of building a screen manufacturing facility meant it took Apple several months to get the California plant operational. Only in recent months have Apple engineers grown confident in their ability to eventually replace screens from Samsung and other suppliers.
In late 2017, for the first time, engineers managed to manufacture fully functional MicroLED screens for future Apple Watches; the company aims to make the new technology available first in its wearable computers. While still at least a couple of years away from reaching consumers — assuming the company decides to proceed — producing a functional MicroLED Apple Watch prototype is a significant milestone for a company that in the past designed hardware to be produced by others.
The latest MicroLED Apple Watch prototypes aren't fully functioning wearables; instead the screen portion is connected to an external computer board. The screens are notably brighter than the current OLED Watch displays, and engineers have a finer level of control over individual colors, according to a person who has seen them. Executives recently approved continued development for the next two years, with the aim of shipping MicroLED screens in products.
It's unlikely that the technology will reach an iPhone for at least three to five years, the people say. While the smartphone is Apple's cash cow, there is precedent for new screen technologies showing up in the Apple Watch first. When it was introduced in 2014, the Apple Watch had an OLED screen. The technology finally migrated to the iPhone X last year.
Creating MicroLED screens is extraordinarily complex. Depending on screen size, they can contain millions of individual pixels. Each has three sub-pixels: red, green and blue LEDs. Each of these tiny LEDs must be individually created and calibrated. Each piece comes from what is known as a “donor wafer” and then are mass-transferred to the MicroLED screen. Early in the process, Apple bought these wafers from third-party manufacturers like Epistar Corp. and Osram Licht AG, but has since begun “growing” its own LEDs to make in-house donor wafers. The growing process is done inside a clean room at the Santa Clara facility.
Engineers at the facility are also assembling prototype MicroLED screens, right down to attaching the screen to the glass. The backplanes, an underlying component that electronically powers the displays, are developed at the Taiwan facility. Apple is also designing its own thin-film transistors and screen drivers, key components in display assemblies. Currently, the Santa Clara facility is capable of manufacturing a handful of fully operational Apple Watch-sized (under 2 inches diagonally) MicroLED screens at a time.
Until MicroLED is ready for the world to see, Apple will still — at least publicly — be all-in on OLED. The company plans to release a second OLED iPhone in the fall, a giant, 6.5-inch model, and is working to expand OLED production from Samsung to also include LG.
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website, Resolver.
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year. This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year (1,300).
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines.
People don't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone, Resolver expects this trend to continue.
James Walker, founder of Resolver says, “We've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver.
“Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they didn't realise they had any right to make a complaint, felt intimidated into paying up, or were just so angry about their experience they didn't want to deal with it.”
They add, “So if you feel that you've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge, don't give up – it's not hard to make a complaint.”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014.
Resolver's private parking tips
1. Don't stick your head in the sand. Private parking companies will increase their charges if you don't pay up. Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain.
2. Don't pay up straight away. But do tell the firm you're going to appeal. It's often harder (but not impossible) to get your cash back after you've paid. But don't assume the firm has no right to charge you. Deal with the situation head on.
3. Gather evidence. The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm. If it's unclear, hidden, overgrown, vandalized, etc, you can argue you were misled. Take photos, write down everything you can remember, get witnesses if need be.
4. Give the human touch. We've seen shocking cases, from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time. Parking firms aren't charities. But explain why you weren't able to pay in time or return to the car.
5. Tell the landowner. Parking companies are working for the landowner. If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating, they need to know about it.
Following the success of the first John Wick film, franchise creator Chad Stahelski and screen-writing partner Derek Kolstad were working on a prequel to John Wick, which they envisioned as a TV series. The success of John Wick 2 only cemented their plans, so the pair is hard at work on the TV series, titled The Continental.
Lionsgate is moving forward with #TheContinental, and Chad Stahelski is excited about the storytelling opportunities that an episodic format will provide. In a recent interview, Stahelski talked more about the new show, and even hinted at Keanu Reeves's role in the project.
Chad Stahelski Gives Details On The Continental
In a new interview with IndieWire, Stahelski discussed many facets of The Continental, talking about diving further into the world of #JohnWick, which includes learning more about the franchise's rich mythology:
“It's very tied to the film [in that] it's about the Continentals all over the world, how certain people come into that world, and what happens in relation to those people, which is cool. I think the world is very vast, and everything I've heard from it is very positive. It's something that studio seems very, very intent on [making] and very, very behind.”
Stahelski also talked about the characters to exist in the world, and with the series, fans will get to spend more time with the interesting characters that inhabit the world:
"I like telling stories from my one character's perspective. Once you put that aside with the TV show, [you can] expand to all the different characters and follow them throughout their journey. You can be with the consigliere, concierge, the sommelier — you can be with all these different characters and walk through the world in different aspects; ones that I'm a little limited [from exploring] by staying with my lead guy.”
Apart from the characters, Stahelski is confident that the show can bring the same level of action they captured in John Wick and John Wick 2:
“Look at the Battle of the Bastards from Game of Thrones; as an action designer, I think that's the best battle I've ever seen on TV. They did a great job, and they weren't careless with their money. They planned it, they boarded it — you watch the behind-the-scenes, [it's clear] the guys did everything right. Granted, they're the biggest budgeted show on TV right now, but could we do something interesting with ‘John Wick' with what we have? Yeah. I'd like to give it a go and prove to the TV world that you can have feature action on a TV show.”
Stahelski seems confident about The Continental, and the show sounds great; however the most exciting thing about the show involves John Wick himself, #KeanuReeves.
Chad Stahelski Expects Keanu Reeves To Appear On The Continental
The John Wick franchise has rejuvenated Reeves's career, and John Wick has become one of Reeves's most beloved characters. Fans had originally been worried that they wouldn't be a part of the TV project, because the series will be a prequel to John Wick.
But Stahelski dropped the exciting info that Keanu Reeves will likely make an appearance on the TV show:
“I think [Keanu Reeves] would make an appearance. I think that's part of their thing, [but the series] isn't centered around John Wick.”
With plans to include Keanu Reeves in The Continental, the hype for the show just got real, and the details Stahelski dropped about the upcoming project only serve to get fans more excited. The show is still in development, but for now, the project looks to be coming along smoothly, and we can't wait to see how comes together.
Sounds off! Are you excited to see Keanu Reeves in The Continental? Let your voice be heard in the comments section below.
(Source: IndieWire)
WASHINGTON : A Pentagon spokesperson on Monday said that the US Secretary of Defense James Mattis, who was in Islamabad on a day-long visit, has acknowledged Pakistan's sacrifices in war against terrorism.
The spokesperson said that Mattis discussed Pakistan's role in the peace process in Afghanistan and reiterated that Pakistan must redouble its efforts to confront militants and terrorists.
“Both Pakistan and the United States have common stakes in securing peace and security in Afghanistan for the long-term stability of the border region” the spokesperson stated.
Washington Post in its report said Mattis seemed to tone down the sharp language they have used in congressional hearings and other settings to accuse Pakistan of harboring Afghan Taliban fighters. Instead, they adopted a milder, more diplomatic approach aimed at finding “common ground.”
The U.S. Embassy said they praised Pakistan's “sacrifices in the war against terrorism” while insisting that it “must redouble its efforts to confront” militants within its borders.
There was no public mention from either side of the repeated threats by President Trump and other top U.S. officials that Washington will take strong action against Pakistan if it fails to stop sheltering militants. The punitive measures could include significant cuts in military and economic aid, retracting Pakistan's status as a “major non-NATO ally,” and declaring it a state sponsor of terrorism.
The Newspaper said despite the cordiality of the Monday meetings, the previous threats from the Trump administration were very much on the minds of Pakistani officials and analysts in the capital as Mattis arrived at midday for a brief stop before flying to Kuwait. The U.S. demands that Pakistan “do more” have angered many Pakistanis, who insist that Washington should put pressure on Afghanistan to stop sheltering militants on its side of the 1,700-mile border.
Some commentators suggested that an enormous bomb dropped in August by U.S. warplanes just over the border in eastern Afghanistan, which had no apparent immediate purpose and fell on a deserted former militant hideout in the mountains, was actually intended as a warning to Pakistan.
Orignally published by INP
WEST ALEXANDRIA — The Twin Valley Community Local Schools Board of Education recognized students Jacob Wells and Mylan Crews for outstanding sport achievements during a meeting on Wednesday, Jan. 10. The students were recognized for fall activities they had yet to be recognized for.
“One negative with what we're dealing with in our league right now is that we don't have enough recognized boys soccer teams. I think there are four or five, depending on the year. As a result, our soccer kids do not get recognition from our CCC. When we met and recognized those kids, there were two things we left off,” Superintendent Bob Fischer said.
“After we had given all the other awards, I noticed two additional awards. Always looking for a way to get kids to come to a board meeting I thought, let's do this in January. So, as a result of that we do have two kids we are recognizing for fall activities.”
They started by recognizing soccer player Jacob Wells.
“Jacob [Wells] is being recognized as a First Team Soccer for Mid Miami Valley West and they were also nominated as a First Team Soccer for All Miami Valley. Again, that is a great honor and shows you the hard work that are kids have. I guarantee that if we had had a CCC recognition, they would have been recognized for that,” Fischer said.
Next, Fischer called up Mylan Crews, who was recognized for their outstanding volleyball achievements.
“Our last individual, who of course is not a stranger to being recognized, is Miss Mylan Crews. They received a recognition for Division Four Volleyball and they were a First Team Southwest Ohio All District, which is a great honor.”
Jacob Wells was recognized for earning First Team Soccer All Miami Valley West and First Team Soccer All Miami Valley. http://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/02/web1_Rec1.jpg Jacob Wells was recognized for earning First Team Soccer All Miami Valley West and First Team Soccer All Miami Valley. Mylan Crews was recognized for earning First Team Volleyball Southwest Ohio All District. http://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/02/web1_Rec2.jpg Mylan Crews was recognized for earning First Team Volleyball Southwest Ohio All District. The Twin Valley Board of Education recognized students Jacob Wells and Mylan Crews for outstanding sport achievements during the meeting on Wednesday, Jan. 10. http://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/02/web1_Rec3.jpg The Twin Valley Board of Education recognized students Jacob Wells and Mylan Crews for outstanding sport achievements during the meeting on Wednesday, Jan. 10.
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler@registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Star Wars: Rogue One took both the American and international box offices by storm, breaking sales records and exceeding the expectations of both casual viewers and hardcore Star Wars Franchise fans alike. Now the stand-alone film in the franchise has achieved a new goal as reports now show Star Wars: Rogue One is the second-highest grossing movie for 2016. It took the spot from Captain America: Civil War but failed to dethrone the king (or queen) of 2016 box office releases, Finding Dory. According to an older written article by Variety, it reports that Star Wars: Rogue One — which is also known as Rogue One: A Star Wars Story or simply as Rogue One — was the third-highest grossing movie at the domestic box office for 2016. At the time, it brought it a total of $375 million USD. It then went on to state on Thursday, December 29, it grossed $16.6 million alone. Ergo with those millions earned, it surged past other smash hits at the box office including Deadpool($363 million USD), the live action adaption of The Jungle Book($364 million USD), and The Secret Life of Pets($368 million USD). “Star Wars: Rogue One” was originally the third highest-grossing movie at the box office for 2016. That has since changed as it is now the second highest-grossing movie at the box office for 2016. [Image by Lucasfilm/Disney] Overall, $375 million USD earned for a movie in two weeks is very good. However, that is only about half of what Star Wars: Rogue One actually made. The numbers are for the domestic box office, but internationally, it made $687.7 million USD. Related Articles by The Inquisitr Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Has Forcefull Debut, Pulls In $71 Million On Opening Night Keven Smith Reviews Rogue One: Here's What They Thought Rogue One Director Talks Cameos And Easter Eggs Here's What To Expect From Darth Vader In Rogue One: Could “Star Wars Story” Be Franchise's Last Big Hit? What The Numbers Show If Star Wars: Rogue One wanted to topple the number two spot for highest-grossing films for 2016, it would have to beat Captain America: Civil War which is at $408.1 million USD. According to an update for a written article by IGN, it reports the film accomplished that task of taking second place. At the moment, no real numbers were given on how much money Star Wars: Rogue One has made just before the year ended, but it is known the money is over the amount needed to beat Captain America: Civil War. “Captain America: Civil War” was ranked number one in box office for its high gross. “Finding Dory” dethroned it, but “Star Wars: Rogue One” knocked it down to third place. [Image by Marvel/Disney] To be fair though, it was highly-expected that Star Wars: Rogue One would surpass Captain America: Civil War by the end of the year, but it would not have enough time to surpass Finding Dory. According to a written article by Comic Book, it reports that within 16 days of its release, Star Wars: Rogue One would have a domestic total of about $441 million USD at the box office. In terms of gross to time in box office, it would be 10 percent ahead of The Dark Knight by Christopher Nolan and just 13 percent behind Jurassic World by Colin Trevorrow. When its box office run is done, it is analyzed that Star Wars: Rogue One will finish just north of $500 million USD, but it will most likely never succeed $600 million USD during its initial run. Right now, Star Wars: Rogue One is still playing in theaters. For those who have yet to see the film but are somewhat swayed to check it out now that the box office numbers prove it to be worth the money and time, the following synopsis provided by the movie itself might help in making a decision to see it or not. “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, an all-new epic adventure. In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. This key event in the Star Wars timeline brings together ordinary people who choose to do extraordinary things, and in doing so, become part of something greater than themselves.” It is directed by Gareth Edwards and stars Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Donnie Yen, Mads Mikkelsen, Alan Tudyk, Riz Ahmed, Jiang Wen and Forest Whitaker. Kathleen Kennedy, Allison Shearmur and Simon Emanuel are producing, with John Knoll and Jason McGatlin serving as executive producers. [Featued Image by Lucasfilm/Disney]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is concerned about the potential use of sarin gas in Syria, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday, a day after Washington warned it was prepared to consider military action if necessary to deter chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government.
Mattis, speaking with reporters, said the Syrian government had repeatedly used chlorine as a weapon. They stressed that the United States did not have evidence of sarin gas use.
“We are even more concerned about the possibility of sarin use, (but) I don't have the evidence,” Mattis said. “What I am saying is that other groups on the ground - NGOs, fighters on the ground - have said that sarin has been used, so we are looking for evidence.”
Mattis did not provide further details on which reports on the use of sarin they were referring to.
However, the Syrian Negotiations Commission (SNC), an opposition group, said chemical weapons had been used by the government of Bashar al-Assad in Ghouta.
Rescue workers and medical groups working in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, have accused government forces of using chlorine gas three times over the last month, including early on Thursday.
“Chemical weapons are being used in Ghouta and we have proof,” SNC spokesperson Yahya al-Aridi told Reuters.
A deadly sarin attack on another rebel-held area in April 2017 prompted President Donald Trump to order a U.S. missile strike on the Shayrat airbase, from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched.
“We are on the record and you all have seen how we reacted to that, so they would be ill-advised to go back to violating the chemical (weapons) convention,” Mattis said.
France said on Friday it was “deeply concerned” that Syria's government was flouting its pledges to stop using chemical weapons and Paris was working with its partners to shed light on recent suspected toxic gas attacks.
In 2013, Syria said it would give up all of its chemical weapons. In the past two years, a joint United Nations and Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) inquiry found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin and several times used chlorine as a weapon.
U.S. officials have said the Syrian government may be also developing new types of chemical weapons.
The Syrian army and government have consistently denied using chlorine or other chemical weapons during the war and has said it cooperates with international investigations.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — The Zimbabwe Football Association says one of its referees has reported being offered a bribe of $10,000 to fix a Confederation Cup game in Equatorial Guinea.
It's the second time in two weeks that a match official has claimed to have been approached to fix a game in Africa's second-biggest club tournament.
Gladmore Mzambi, vice chairperson of the Zimbabwe association's referees committee, told The Associated Press on Tuesday that referee Norman Matemera reported being offered the bribe by representatives of Equatorial Guinea's Deportivo Niefang club. They wanted the ref to influence the second leg of their knockout tie against the Ivory Coast's Williamsville AC so they could overturn a 2-0 first-leg deficit.
Mzambi says that Matemera has reported that when they refused the bribe, they were approached by the match commissioner, Togo's Lawson Mahuwe, who also tried to bribe them on behalf of Deportivo Niefang.
RAMALLAH, Palestinian Territory — The Palestinian president on Monday called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a "son of a dog" in an angry rant against the Trump administration, signalling new trouble ahead for an expected U.S. peace proposal.
President Mahmoud Abbas also took aim at the rival Hamas militant group, accusing it of being behind an attempted assassination last week of their prime minister and security chief, and threatening to retaliate.
In an address to Palestinian officials, Abbas pre-emptively rejected the White House peace proposal, which is still being developed.
U.S. officials have not said when it will be unveiled, but Abbas has already ruled it out, accusing the Trump administration of being unfairly biased in favour of Israel.
In their speech, Abbas criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutoff of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the UN agency for Palestinian refugees.
They also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing them as a "son of a dog."
"Then they said, 'Wait for our plan.' What shall we wait for? We will not," they said. "Many said, 'Why don't you go to Washington?' They want us to go to Washington to sign. We will not accept that, and we will not let it pass."
Friedman responded to the remarks at a conference on anti-Semitism in Jerusalem.
Abbas' "response was to refer to me as a son of a dog. Anti-Semitism or political discourse? Not for me to judge. I leave that all up to you," Friedman said.
Hamas seized control of Gaza from Abbas' forces in 2007, and attempts at reconciliation have repeatedly failed. The U.S. has been pushing for progress in reconciliation in the run-up to its peace proposal.
There are rules that every seasoned concert-goer knows: Drink lots of water. If you see someone who looks like they're about to faint after a day of being blasted by the sun, help them. Don't be a jerk.
Seems it's time to add another to the list: watch your phone!
Concerts and music festivals are like heaven for pick pockets. Cram a few thousand people elbow-to-elbow for hours on end, and no one really notices when someone “accidentally” bumps into them. And if you catch'em in the act? They've dissolved into a crowd of strangers by the time you've realized what's going on.
Take this guy at Coachella who just got busted with over 100 phones in their backpack, for example. The magic of Find my Phone!
“But why?!” you might ask. “Can't most phones be rendered useless/worthless minutes after they've been stolen now?”
Sure — the phone, as a whole, can be locked down and made useless. The parts inside it (the screens, the glass-backed and oft-replaced cases, basically most bits but the logic boards), though, are still valuable when pieced out. And if the thief is going the identity-theft route, the one-off phone without a PIN is a treasure trove.
If you're going to shows on the regular, it might seem obvious — hell, you've probably heard some horror stories first hand (I know two people who've had phones snagged at shows this year alone.) But with concert/music festival season being upon us, there are plenty of music lovers hitting up their one show a year — so tell your friends.
FALKLAND have been dumped right back into the relegation dogfight in Division One of the Thames Valley League after their nine-wicket defeat at Boyne Hill on Saturday.
James Ettridge and Imran Malik top scored with 49 and 40 respectively of Falkland's 184-7, but the home side coasted home in the 27th over with Matt Leipold 93 not out and Chris Shaves making 57.
The result leaves Falkland third to bottom of the table after claiming only four points, leaving them 20 above the dotted line with three games to play.
THATCHAM and NEWBURY tackled their relegation worries with wins.
Thatcham scored a five wicket win over Royal Ascot to keep themselves above the drop zone. Spinner Chris Bird pocketed 4-24 as Royal Ascot were dismissed for 150 with James Gamble scoring 49.
Thatcham reached the target at 151-5 in the 36th over, Josh O'Flynn leading the way with 82 and Will Wright supporting with 31.
Newbury kept their survival hopes alive in Division Three A with a 24-run win over Fleet.
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Global stocks selloff stops at Wall Street; gold, yen tick up
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Kuwait's Zain surges on Omantel move, Egypt falls on high inflation
* Oil prices up amidst higher global demand, Nigeria instability
* PRECIOUS-Gold buoyed by global tensions, U.S. inflation data
* Trump will send envoys to the Middle East to discuss peace -official
* Trump administration defends travel ban in U.S. Supreme Court brief
* Iraq's Kurds stick to independence vote despite U.S. request to postpone it
* Islamic State still a threat as Mosul residents return to city in ruins
* Iraq issues tender to buy 50,000 tonnes of wheat
* Iran in talks to buy 48 Airbus helicopters - report
* Russia says "a pity" U.S. casts doubt on Iran nuclear deal
* Iran dismisses Tajik civil war claims as attempt to damage ties
* Soccer-Iran asked to explain dropping players who faced Israeli team
* More Syrians returning home, still outnumbered by fresh displacements - U.N.
* Seven Syrian rescue volunteers killed in shooting
* "Logistics" hold up Lebanese deal for rebels, refugees to return to Syria
* Syrian army secures Islamic State-held town in Homs province-state media
* Syrian army gains ground on Jordan border in southwest
* ANALYSIS-Hezbollah steers Lebanon closer to Syria, straining efforts to stay neutral
* Libyan military commander Haftar visiting Russia - RIA
* More than half a million children in Libya need help -UNICEF
* MSF suspends Mediterranean rescues as migrant dispute mounts
* Yemen's Houthis target coalition warship, agency reports
* U.N. signals not responsible for controlling Yemen's main airport
* Nineteen migrants feared drowned after being forced from boat off Yemen - U.N. agency
* Israel warns Hamas not to try to foil its anti-tunnel Gaza wall
* U.N. urges end to Gaza crisis in punishing summer heat
* Sudan invited to U.S.-Egyptian military exercises - ministry
EGYPT
* Egypt inflation surges to 35 pct in July after subsidy cuts
* Average yields drop on Egypt's six-month, one-year T-bills
* Italian tourist held over killing of hotel supervisor at Egyptian resort
* Egypt train crash kills dozens, injures more than 100 people
* Islamic state claimes responsibility for attack on Egyptian police car -AMAQ
SAUDI ARABIA
* EXCLUSIVE-Saudi Arabia favours New York for Aramco listing despite risks -sources
* Saudi's Falih doesn't rule out more oil cuts but kingdom won't take unilateral action - Al Sharq
* Saudi Falih says talks with Iraq focused on oil pact, investment discussed
* Saudi Arabia tenders to purchase 660,000 T feed barley
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Malaysia's 1MDB says $350 mln paid to Abu Dhabi for debt deal
* Four UAE soldiers die after helicopter crash in Yemen - agency
* UAE jails man for spying for Iran, nuclear work - Gulf press
* UAE's TAQA to refinance $500 mln bond due in October - official
* Abu Dhabi's Union National Bank updating bond programme - sources
* JBF promoters pledge more equity with lenders as shares slump
* UAE's JBF RAK PET output stalls amid debt restructuring - COO
KUWAIT
* Kuwait says responding to oil spill in Ras al-Zour area
* Kuwait says taking measures against North Korea - KUNA
* Kuwait says arrests 12 convicted in 2015 Iran spy case
* Omantel to buy nearly 10 pct of Kuwait's Zain Group for $846.1 mln (Compiled by Dubai Newsroom)
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — The Buffalo Bills began restocking their offensive line in free agency by reaching agreements to sign centre Russell Bodine and tackle Marshall Newhouse.
Bodine agreed to a two-year deal after making 64 consecutive starts through their first four NFL seasons with Cincinnati Bengals. Listed at 6-foot-3 and 308 pounds, they were selected in the fourth round of the 2014 draft out of North Carolina.
The Bills have a need at centre after returning starter Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January.
Newhouse agreed to a one-year contract and has seven seasons of NFL experience split over four teams. They started 14 games at right tackle with the Raiders last season.
ABBOTTABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Deputy Speaker and General
Secretary PML-N Khyber Pahktunkhwa, Murtaza Javed Abbassi Monday said the government
of PMLN has fulfilled most of the election promises and provided better
facilities of life to the masses.
They were addressing a public gathering after inauguration of
government higher secondary school (GHSS) Satora.
Murtaza Abbassi said that government took concrete measures
for eradication of load shedding from the country that resulted in speeding up progress
and stability.
They said former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif started
the historical China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and through roads
developments in the country, improved the economy which was also admired by the
experts and shown by the economic indicators as well.
The PTI leadership has to change its behavior for the progress of the democracy in the country, Abbassi maintained .
The GHSS would be constructed with an estimated cost of 50
a million rupees, Murtaza told the gathering and announced construction of PCC
roads from Sumba Thara to Gohra would cost of 7.5 million rupees.
Tehsil Nazim Havelian, Sardar Arsal Pervez and PML-N
parliamentary leader in KP Assembly Sardar Aurangzeb Nalota were also present
in the public gathering.
​The National Transportation Safety Board has issued a Safety Alert for General Aviation pilots, called “Minding Weight, Maintaining Balance: Improper or Unperformed Calculations Can Be Fatal.”
NTSB officials note that between 2008 and 2016, the probable causes of 136 GA accidents were related to pilots improperly conducting preflight performance calculations for weight and balance or not conducting them at all. One-third of these accidents resulted in pilot and/or passenger deaths, NTSB officials added.
Along with the release of the Safety Alert, the NTSB also released a short video:
LOS ANGELES—On the day in 2011 when Dwane Casey was announced as the eighth coach of the Toronto Raptors, the new gig didn't exactly appear be a recipe for obvious longevity. There was dubious franchise history to consider. The previous 16 seasons had seen the club rifle through seven different head coaches, each man getting the helm, on average, for a little more than two years. And there was also a notoriously restless executive at work. Bryan Colangelo, the general manager who hired Casey, had spent a managerial career in Toronto and Phoenix sifting through nine different coaches in 16 years, giving their typical coach a little less than two years. Given how Casey was taking over a talent-challenged roster that had just played its first full season in the wake of all-star forward Chris Bosh's exit to Miami — well, there was nary a hint that Casey's arrival would turn out to be the early days of an unprecedented franchise turnaround. So it was worth at least a few moments of reflection this week, when Casey celebrated their 500th game as Toronto's coach, 278 of them victories. Now six-and-a-half years removed from taking over a 22-win team that ranked last in the NBA in defence — before Casey promptly lifted them to the middle of the pack in that category in their first season — the 60-year-old coach remains the man in charge on the sideline, weathering along the way the occasional prediction of their impending professional doom. Recalling their first meeting with Casey in the summer of 2011, Raptors centre Jonas Valanciunas shook their head at the memory. “That was a long time ago,” said Valanciunas, who was drafted only a few days after Casey was hired.
Article Continued Below
How long ago? Consider that Jamaal Magloire, now a member of the Raptors coaching staff, was still on Toronto's roster in Casey's inaugural season. Ditto Aaron Gray, now a Detroit Pistons assistant coach. “He's a great dude, he's a great guy. He's humble, he's trying to win — that's all that matters,” Valanciunas said of Casey. “Always you face some ups and downs, some bumps, some downhills. But, if you are able to get back and if you are able to stay strong over those bumps, you are real then.” Now, as in the beginning, Casey is in the midst of presiding over a very real internal transformation. Just as Casey insisted on defensive respectability as their team's early hallmark, this season has seen the Raptors prioritize offensive flexibility in the pursuit of improvement. So even victories have come with the dose of post-game nitpicking that Casey's players have come to expect.
“I don't think our coach is ever happy, honestly,” all-star guard Kyle Lowry said. “But that's the one thing about our coach — he's hard on us, and he's tough on us, but we know that they want us to be a championship-calibre team, and that's what we push for, and that's why we respond to them so well.” The match between team and coach hasn't been without its pitfalls. Casey and Lowry have clashed at times over the years. It would be safe to assume they're likely to clash again in the months to come. But the stability Casey brings has been as successful as it is rare. Since 2013-14, Casey's third season in Toronto and the team's first of an ongoing run of four consecutive playoff appearances, the Raptors have the best win percentage in the Eastern Conference (.628) — this heading into Monday's slate of games — and the fifth-best mark in the league behind the Warriors, Spurs, Rockets and Clippers. Meanwhile, since Casey was brought aboard there have been no less than 50 instances in which an NBA coach has been fired or had their contract expire without renewal. There've been another 14 instances in which a coaching change was framed as a resignation or a demotion or a trade or a retirement. That's 64 moments of upheaval for franchises other than Toronto's. The coaching carousel, in other words, has spun and spun and spun. And Casey has stood strong as a rare exception. Only San Antonio's Gregg Popovich, Miami's Erik Spoelstra and Dallas's Rick Carlisle can say they've been in their jobs longer than Casey has been in his. “Well, I'm not sure if I imagined 500 games,” said Casey, who was scheduled to coach their 501st against the Clippers at Staples Center on Monday night. “We were just trying to get out of 30th place defensively. That was the first spurt, I wasn't even thinking about 500 . . . And then it became the offensive side of the ball, now we are going through that phase.” The offensive phase is going well. The Raptors came into Monday night ranked third in the league in offensive efficiency, trailing only the Warriors and Rockets. That's up from eighth a season ago. That they've been able to become a more pass-happy, three-point-shot-loving unit in such short order — and that they've done it while ranking ninth in defensive efficiency, making Toronto the only Eastern Conference team in the NBA top 10 in both offensive and defensive categories — is just the latest hint that Casey, if the signs almost always point to change in the NBA, isn't prepared to give their detractors much of a case. “Getting the program to where it is today from where it was, is something I take pride in, and I know our staff takes pride in,” Casey said. “So I wasn't really counting the days or anything like that. But it's been a good journey. It's been a good run. We're still running. We're still on the path of going in the right direction, I feel like. So that's why I don't need to count the days.”
Read more about:
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from St. Mary Now. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So Tuesday isn't exactly close to the weekend - but it's a damn sight better than Monday.
And just to make it that little bit more bearable - there's a stacked card of racing to get stuck into.
If you fancy some extra spending money then you're in luck, as our man Newsboy has looked over the form and come up with some top tips.
There are meetings at Chelmsford, Ffos Las, Nottingham and Thirsk so plenty of races to get your teeth into.
Make sure you win big and gamble responsibly.
CHELMSFORD
5.40 IVY LEAGUER
6.10 MISS MAZZIE
6.40 OXFORD BLU
7.10 MURAD KHAN
7.40 ENCORE D'OR
8.10 IMPORTANT MISSION
8.40 SUPERIORITYCOMPLEX
FFOS LAS
2.15 FASTNET SPIN
2.45 INDOMENEO
3.15 LIVA
3.45 ANCIENT LONGING
4.15 TRAUTMANN
4.45 VEILED SECRET
5.15 MUSIC LESSON
NOTTINGHAM
4.55 WEARDIDITALLGORONG
5.25 POLAR LIGHT
5.55 AMANDINE
6.25 MELINOE
6.55 GREEN DOOR
7.25 OPERATIVE
7.55 FANTASY JUSTIFIER
THIRSK
2.00 WAHOO (NB)
2.30 WHERE'S JEFF
3.00 NATHALIE
3.30 PERFECT WORDS (NAP)
4.00 LE MANAGE ENCHANTE
4.30 YORKSHIRE PUDDING
5.00 VELVET VOICE
5.30 MR COOL CASH
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):The ambassador of Romania, Nicolae Goia,
on Monday visited the University of Management and Technology (UMT).
During the visit, Romania's contribution to Pakistan's
educational sector came under discussion.
Addressing a gathering of the UMT top management, Mr Nicolae
said that Romania and Pakistan established diplomatic relations
in 1964, and since then the bonds have gone a long way for
bringing closer both the nations.
They said Romania supported Pakistan in its membership of
the Security Council and it would continue standing with
Pakistan through thick and thin.
“Romania is the fastest growing economy in Europe and
there is a great potential for improving bilateral trade
between the two countries”.
They said Pakistan is a wonderful country and Pakistanis
are extremely intelligent people. The ambassador said, “Pakistan
is playing role in causing peace and stability in the region
and without it's support terrorism could not be defeated at all.”
They said currently 200 Pakistani students were pursuing their
studies in Romania and were being trained as engineers, doctors, IT experts, and business people.
Nicolae said Romania is keen in investing in Pakistan's higher education system, which was the only way to wipe out extremism and speeding up real development.
Nicolae Goia said they were delighted to visit the UMT, which is
one of the best universities in Pakistan.
They said that they would like to connect Pakistani universities
with their Romanian counterparts for exchange of research and
mutual collaboration.
Nicolae further stated that there were 50,000 Muslims living
in Romania who were fully integrated into the Romanian society
and were enjoying full citizen rights.
Speaking on the occasion, Rector UMT Dr Muhammad Aslam
appreciated the ambassador for putting their efforts in
strengthening bilateral relations between Romania and
Pakistan.
They said Romania is a country that shares many things in
common with Pakistan especially its cultural heritage is quite
rich.
Lessons to Love: Clever Winter 2017 Children's Books
Children's books are colorful, imaginative, creative. There's a reason children love to be read to; their books are instilled with wonder and fun characters. But the depth of children's books cannot be overlooked. Characters find themselves and grow, teaching children all manners of wonderful things. It's easy to love children's books when the lessons are as good as these.
Catherine Leblanc
Roland Garrigue, illustrator
Insight Kids
Hardcover $16.99 (72pp)
978-1-60887-709-6
My Mega Monsterpedia is a clever and amusing look at everyday fears and annoyances and the monsters that cause them. Aimed at children ages six and up, the book gives children a way to name and then manage their fears while at the same time making them laugh. Colorful and very creative illustrations of fifty different monsters personify a large range of possible nuisances—from a stuffy nose to a thunderstorm to lice. Each monster is presented with strengths and weaknesses and, most importantly, exactly what a child must do to get rid of it.
Amber Harris
Ard Hoyt, illustrator
Redleaf Lane
Hardcover $16.95 (32pp)
978-1-60554-491-5
Bingo Did It! shares a humorous and relatable story about a little girl and their pet dog. Wisteria Jane and Bingo play all kinds of fun, imaginative games, but Wisty likes to blame Bingo when things go wrong. The story offers a gentle lesson about taking personal responsibility; perfect for the intended age group of three to eight. The accompanying illustrations are appealing, expressing both action and emotion while still matching the soft tone of the story.
Laurie Angus
Dawn Publications
Softcover $8.95 (32pp)
978-1-58469-578-3
Octopus Escapes Again! is an interesting look at a day in the life of an octopus as it searches for food and tries to avoid becoming food itself. The amazing and numerous defense mechanisms the octopus utilizes are highlighted. Sumptuous, colorful collage illustrations capture the underwater world of the octopus and other animals it encounters. Additional information and suggested learning activities provided at the end of the book will help educators, caregivers, and children ages four to ten learn about this interesting sea animal.
Oliver Jeffers
Sam Winston
Candlewick Press
Hardcover $17.99 (40pp)
978-0-7636-9077-9
A Child of Books is a gorgeous book about creativity, imagination, and a love of books. The first-person narrative describes the joy and the adventure of stories. In simple pen-and-ink drawings, two children roam through a landscape of words from well-known stories that many adults will remember from childhood. Appropriate for children ages four and up, this is clearly intended for anyone who appreciates the gift of imagination and all the places a good book can lead to.
Fiona Woodcock
Little Bee Books
Hardcover $16.99 (32pp)
978-1-4998-0350-1
Heidi is very good at hide-and-seek. They and their friends play again and again, and Heidi always wins. They even play at Heidi's birthday party, but when their friends are unable to find her, they continue the party without them Soon after, Heidi becomes enthusiastic about trying other games and discovers that their friends all have something that they are very good at too. With a simple story and charming illustrations, the book teaches children ages four to eight that letting friends shine can be just as satisfying as always being the center of attention.
Kaya Doi
Enchanted Lion Books
Hardcover $15.95 (40pp)
978-1-59270-199-5
Chirri and Chirra introduces the world to two young girls and the adventures they take on their bicycles. Translated from Japanese, the book is innocent and charming and whimsical. As the girls travel through the lushly illustrated forest full of bright colors and adorable creatures, they experience the world around them, drinking, eating, swimming, and napping their way through the day. The book ends with a delightful concert of woodland creatures that will appeal to all ages, but particularly to those ages three to eight.
Barnaby Richards
Toon Books
Hardcover $12.95 (40pp)
978-1-935179-98-6
Highly appealing, Blip! introduces children ages four to six to the sequential art found in comic books. The book tells the story of a robot exploring an alien planet and consists of very few words. In fact, the only words in the robot's vocabulary are 'blip,“ with an occasional “bleep” thrown in. The limited language does not limit the story. The simple yet engaging artwork does a wonderful job filling in the details.
Rebecca Pettiford
Jump!
Hardcover $17.95 (24pp)
978-1-62031-403-6
Recycling is a wonderful early-nonfiction title for children ages six to nine. It discusses the importance of recycling, what kinds of materials can be recycled, and what those materials can be made into. Each page is accompanied by photographs that provide early readers with important clues to understanding the words on the page. In addition to the straightforward information presented in the text, there is another level of information offered in this book—all of the standard features of nonfiction are included, such as an index, chapters, sidebars, and a glossary. A great bonus for this age level.
Janey Louise Jones
Jennie Poh, illustrator
Capstone
Softcover $6.95 (192pp)
978-1-62370-819-1
Superfairies is a fun set of four stories, one for each season of the year. The four fairies—Star, Berry, Rose, and Silk—tend to the animals around Peaseblossom Woods, rescuing them from whatever trouble they get into. The enchanting stories are accompanied by whimsical illustrations of the fairies and their animal friends. Child ages five to eight will be thoroughly entertained and may not even notice that they are practicing their reading skills.
Constance Ørbeck-Nilssen
Akin Duzakin, illustrator
Eerdmans Books
Hardcover $16.00 (32pp)
978-0-8028-5477-3
Why Am I Here? is a thought-provoking story about a young girl who ponders their place in the world and wonders what it would be like to live in a different climate or perhaps some far-off place ravaged by war or some natural disaster. The book is intended for ages five to nine and offers a valuable opportunity to explore empathy. Soft illustrations depict the girl's imaginings of different lives and mute some of the harsh realities they consider. The layout includes plenty of white space, which seems to offer a place for each child to imagine other possibilities for their own lives.
Brenda S. Miles
Susan D. Sweet
Magination Press
Unknown
978-1-4338-2270-4
Cinderstella is a retelling of a classic fairy tale, but in this version, the young lass has dreams that go far beyond finding a prince. Cinderstella's stepsisters demand their help each day to get ready for the ball, but at night, they study the sky and dreams of becoming an astronaut. The story, intended for children ages four to eight, is accompanied by charming, humorous illustrations, creating a work that gently encourages children to expand their dreams beyond traditional gender and socioeconomic roles. A note to readers at the end of the story offers suggestions on how caregivers can foster a child's interest in STEM subjects.
Meryl G. Gordon
Holly Clifton-Brown, illustrator
Kar-Ben Publishing
Softcover $7.99 (32pp)
978-1-4677-7849-7
The Flower Girl Wore Celery is a humorous story about Emma, who is asked to be a flower girl at their cousin Hannah's wedding. Emma looks forward to dressing in a celery dress and meeting the ring bearer, and most of all to meeting Hannah's groom, Alex, whom they cannot remember. When the big day arrives, Emma is surprised that things are not as they expected: Alex is another bride! Illustrations of Emma and their family support the text showing the silly things Emma imagines. The traditions of a Jewish wedding add another layer of interest to the story.
**Johnette Downing **
Heather Stanley, illustrator
Pelican Publishing Company
Hardcover $16.99 (32pp)
978-1-4556-2279-5
Petit Pierre and the Floating Marsh is a fascinating book with two distinct strengths. The first is the story of Petit Pierre, a young pelican who must leave their mother's nest and find a new home. The second is told across the bottom of each page through facts about the Louisiana wetlands and the animals that make their home there. The book includes vibrant, lovely illustrations that support both the story of Pierre and the information about the wetlands. Though written for children ages five to nine, this book is appropriate for anyone who would like to learn about this unique ecosystem.
Tony Ross
Anderson Press USA
Hardcover $17.99 (32pp)
978-1-5124-1629-9
I Want A Bedtime Story! is an endearing tale about a princess who cannot go to sleep without a bedtime story from their daddy. When they are gone, everyone else in the castle tries to tell their stories, but none of them do it well enough. Finally the maid takes them to the castle library and shows them the picture books. The little girl quickly discovers the joy of reading. Watercolor illustrations express the frustration of the castle inhabitants as they try to get the princess to sleep, as well as the happiness that they find in their new books. For children ages four to nine, and very effective in encouraging young children to learn to read.
Li Jian
Yijin Wert, translator
Shanghai Press
Hardcover $16.95 (42pp)
978-1-60220-995-4
The Magical Rooster tells the story of Tang Yun, who must travel a long way to the capital city to take the Imperial Exam. Distressed by the idea of their son traveling thousands of miles, their mother embroiders a rooster on their son's clothing to watch over them on their journey. Whenever they are in need, the rooster comes to life and protects him. The story is beautifully told and illustrated and reflects Chinese culture and style, with the text written in both English and Chinese. Intended for children ages four to eight, it will be appreciated by all ages.
Jonny Lambert
Tiger Tales
Hardcover $9.99 (20pp)
978-1-58925-238-7
Special You are about a little elephant named Little Why. As they travel with the other elephants to a watering hole, they meet several interesting animals and wishes that they had long legs, spiky horns, or a snappy snout like they do, but they soon learns that they are special just the way they are. The story is accompanied by vibrant collage illustrations of elephants, giraffes, a crocodile, and a wildebeest. Child ages two to four will learn the very important lesson that everyone is special, even a crocodile.
OSLO (Reuters) - More than 200 institutional investors with $26 trillion in assets under management said on Tuesday they would step up pressure on the world's biggest corporate greenhouse gas emitters to combat climate change.
Green lights are projected at the Angel of Independence monument in support in the Paris Climate Agreement, after U.S. President Donald Trump announced their decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Agreement in Mexico City, Mexico June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso/Files
Two years to the day since 195 governments adopted the Paris climate agreement, investors including Pacific Investment Management Co, Amundi, Legal & General Investment Management, Northern Trust and Aegon said they aimed to work with the 100 biggest polluting companies to curb emissions under a five-year plan.
That, they said, would be more effective than threatening to pull the plug on their investments in such companies, which include Coal India, Gazprom, Exxon Mobil and China Petroleum & Chemical Corp.
“We will be asking companies ... to curb emissions and bring them down in line with the Paris goals,” said Anne Simpson, investment director of sustainability at the California Public Employees' Retirement System.
That would mean roughly an 80 percent cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, they told reporters on a teleconference, beyond the ambition of most companies.
The investors said they were also calling on companies to improve disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions, including those from the use of their products, and to step up governance of climate risks and opportunities.
French President Emmanuel Macron will hold a summit in Paris on Tuesday to build on the 2015 climate accord, which has been weakened by President Donald Trump's plan to pull the United States out and instead bolster the U.S. fossil fuel industry.
Under the investors' plan, divestment would only be a last resort. If big emitters refuse to cooperate with them, shareholders could ratchet up pressure with public statements, resolutions and votes.
Such measures can work, they said. In May, for instance, 62 percent of shareholders in Exxon Mobil voted for greater transparency about climate risks of oil and gas despite opposition from the board.
“To talk about this as ‘if you don't do what we want we're selling' in a way lets the companies off the hook,” said Stephanie Maier, director of responsible investment at HSBC Global Asset Management.
They said it was better to cooperate with major emitters because they contributed to droughts, mudslides, heatwaves and rising sea levels that threatened investors' other holdings.
In the past, some big investors have divested from high polluting coal or from companies they judge to be out of line with the Paris agreement's goals.
Stephanie Pfeifer, chief executive of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change which is among those coordinating the five-year plan, said investors were increasingly looking for ways to align their portfolios with the Paris goals.
“We're two years on from Paris – this is a way to showcase there is momentum,” they told Reuters.
Among pension funds with strong green goals, for instance, Denmark's $40 billion PKA aims to raise climate-related investments such as in wind turbines and green bonds to 10 percent of its holdings by 2020 from almost seven now.
The right lipstick was apparently written in the stars. Well, at least your star sign. Bite Beauty's Aries Astrology Collection Lipstick is here just in time to heat up your makeup bag. If you're looking for a way to go bold or just celebrate your birthday a little early, this is the lipstick for you.
While the Aquarius and Pisces shades of Astrology Collection were conventional, rosy hues, it's time to crank it up a notch. In honor of all the Aries out there, Bite Beauty created a bright red lipstick named after the sign. The formula and size are the exact same of the rest of the Amuse Bouche Collection with one little detail — the Aries sign on the tube.
The Aries Lipstick will be available on March 21. You can shop it on the Sephora website for $26. Oh, and there's another big difference in this lipstick as well — it's limited edition. Considering that the other two shades in the collection sold out in less than two days, you're going to want to mark your calendars. This one is even more bold than the others, so there's no telling how fast this shade will fly off of the virtual shelves.
Courtesy Bite Beauty
Each month there will be a different shade hand picked by a psychic. Bite Beauty teamed up with a psychic to pick the perfect shade. According to the press release, Tara Green is a professional psychic astrologer tarot tea and lipstick reader. So quit whatever degree you're trying to pursue right now, because that one is way more fun. Green also leads workshops on the mystic arts specializing Goddess spirituality.
"Aries is a fire sign, ruled by feisty planet Mars," the press release says. "Aries is the energetic sign of winners and wonder women, those who want to be noticed and take charge, with an all-or-nothing attitude. Find them sitting front row at spin class (if they're not the instructor already), saving lives in the ER, or nabbing a round of funding for their hot new startup."
You don't have to be a psychic to see this fiery shade coming though. Between it being a fire sign and having a spicy, bold personality, this is the perfect shade for the group. If you're keeping tabs, it's the boldest hue yet.
Courtesy Bite Beauty
If you're not into this Astrological shade, you're in luck. The collection will continue all throughout 2018. Every month, Bite Beauty will add a new shade to the list, depending on which of the twelve signs is up next. Like I mentioned before, the other two have been slightly more wearable than the Aries fiery red shade, but there's no telling what's to come.
There's only one problem with the collection — every single shade is limited edition. Once the color is gone, it's gone for good. A new sign shade might come every month, but you'll never get the past shades back. Bottom line: if you're looking to keep your collection going strong, mark your calendars for March 21.
The brand is also not telling their fans what colors are upcoming. So you won't know if you should've shopped the shade until the moment is too late. Just to be safe, you should set aside $26 every single month. There's no word on if the entire collection will be bundled at the end of the year, but Bustle reached out for comment.
Courtesy Bite Beauty
Needless to say, Bite Beauty and their psychic have hit the nail on the head when it comes to the collection. If the rest of the year is anything like the beginning, the brand's fans are in for a real treat.
CHARSADDA, Oct 6 (APP): Former federal interior minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, welcoming the recent visit of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa to Afghanistan, Friday said it would help ease out tension between the two neighboring countries.
Addressing a public meeting here Sherpao, who also head Qaumi Watan Party, said that the proposed visit of the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to Pakistan would help in resolving the issues between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
They said that all the political parties should keep interest of their country supreme, keeping in view the prevailing diplomatic relations with India and Afghanistan.
They said that it was our responsibility to make CPEC successful as it was a gigantic project between the two countries and added that future of Pakistan was linked with it.
The QWP chief said that the line drawn by the British rulers in this part of the sub-continent would be eliminated by merging Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The people of FATA have raised concern over the unnecessary delay in merger of the tribal areas into the KP.
They said the PTI government had failed to protect rights of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the chief minister expressed the same in their public meetings.
Imran Khan was least interested in resolution of the problems of the province and instead spent maximum time in Nathigali on excursion trips.
ISLAMABAD : Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar on Tuesday took suo motu of an appeal filed by visually-impaired advocate Yousuf Saleem, advising the Lahore High Court (LHC) to reconsider them for the post of civil judge.
The advocate filed a petition challenging the high court selection committee's decision to turn them down for the post of a civil judge despite successfully clearing competitive examination.
Taking notice of the appeal, Justice Nisar directed the selection committee to conduct a fresh interview with the candidate.
The 25-year-old topped their law examination and received a gold medal from the University of Punjab.
Orignally published by INP
A petro-industrial factory is reflected in a traffic mirror in Kawasaki near Tokyo December 18, 2014.
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Monday as a slowdown in Chinese refining raised concerns about demand in the world's second-biggest consumer, while an increase in U.S. drilling capacity could deepen a global supply glut.
Chinese refineries processed 10.71 million barrels per day (bpd) in July, National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data showed, down around 500,000 bpd from June and the lowest rate since September 2016.
Analysts said the drop was steeper than expected, exacerbating concerns that a glut of refined fuel products could weaken Chinese demand for oil.
Global benchmark Brent crude futures were down 27 cents from Friday's close at $51.83 a barrel at 0846 GMT. They touched a low of $51.66 earlier in the session.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were trading at $48.64 a barrel, down 18 cents.
Oil investors were also cautious after U.S. drilling rig data published by Baker Hughes on Friday showed explorers increased oil drilling capacity for the second time in three weeks, extending a 15-month recovery in drilling.
The rising rig count hints at sustained output growth just as the world's major oil producers, excluding the United States, try to stem oversupply by trimming production.
Oversupply has been exacerbated by rising production in Libya, which is one of the OPEC members exempt from production cuts and has been trying to regain its pre-war oil production levels.
"The recovery in Libyan production has been the single largest factor driving global supply growth in the last few months," said oil analysts at Panmure Gordon.
Libya's National Oil Corporation said on Monday it was investigating security violations at its biggest oilfield, the Sharara field.
Sharara has been producing around 270,000 bpd but the NOC did not specify whether the security violations had any impact on output.
Max Erickson / Sun Star
The Frozen Lenses Photography Club is showing “Exposed: A Group Exhibition” at the UAF Gallery near the Great Hall. The exhibit, made up of 52 images from 17 group members, will be in the gallery for all of February.
“Exposed” showcases the diverse expertises and interests of the club's members. The exhibition's name is a play on diction used among photographers, with “exposed” being the final product of the development process.
The club will be holding a special event Valentine week from Feb. 13-17 called “Heart My Photo” which will allow gallery visitors to participate in a holiday-themed giveaway.
Frozen Lenses charges a membership fee of $15 per semester, which helps fund guest speakers, food for meetings and purchasing equipment for demos and member rentals. Members sometimes receive discounts on gallery visits, inclusion in the club showing and a personal page on the club website. Meetings are every Thursday at 6 p.m. in room 313 in the Bunnell building.
Jason Lazarus, an adjunct professor and technician, helped create Frozen Lenses around 2006. Charles Mason, the club's faculty sponsor, ended up taking the remaining funds for a previously failed camera club and contributing to the creation of Frozen Lens. In fall of 2015 through the combined effort of Charlotte Peterson, Kathryn Reichert and Sarah Manriquez Frozen Lens has become “bigger than ever.”
“They are in a very active period for Frozen Lenses. There is a lot of energy in the group. Their first juried competition, titled Circumpolar, is coming up. Jeff Shultz, a well-known photographer from Anchorage, is coming to jury the entries,” Mason said. “I love their energy in pursuing all these activities.”
Frozen Lenses seeks to allow students to work on their own technique while seeing what others are working on and collaborating to further their skill.
The club will also feature two more shows after “Exposed.” These shows are “2017 Peter MacKeith Memorial Photography Exhibition: Ascension” and the “State-wide juried Exhibition: Circumpolar.”
The “Peter MacKeith Memorial Photography Exhibition” is a collaborative effort between the Student Activities Office and Frozen Lenses to create an adventure themed show honoring UAF student Peter MacKeith and allow students to share their passion for the outdoors. MacKeith was a doctoral student in the late 1970s. Following their death an endowment fund was created to support amateur photography. The show will be presented on March 3 from 5-8 p.m. and will be up until March 17. The show winners will receive prizes be featured in Clarity magazine.
Before “State-wide juried Exhibition: Circumpolar” there were only two other state-wide juried exhibitions. It was through the efforts Frozen Lens that the third state wide juried exhibition will be added. The show is meant to express life in northern areas specifically targeting the circumpolar region. The exhibit will be featured from April 7-29 at Ursa Major Distilling.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, amid severe restrictions in Srinagar, the puppet authorities, today, disallowed the Friday congregational prayers at historic Jamia Masjid in Srinagar.
All roads leading to the Jamia Masjid were sealed with concertina wires and barricades while all main gates were locked to prevent people from offering prayers at the historic mosque.
Many parts of Srinagar were put under strict restrictions today to stop people from conducting a march towards Shopian town.
Call for the march was given by the Joint Resistance Leadership comprising Syed Ali Gilani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Muhammad Yasin Malik to express solidarity with the families of the civilians who were recently killed in the brutal actions of the troops in Shopian district.—KMS
Rendering of the Facebook data center to be build in Henrico County
Virgia governor Terry McAuliffe today announced Facebook will spend $750 million to establish a 970,000-square-foot data center in the White Oak Technology Park in Henrico County. In addition, "hundreds of millions of additional dollars will be invested in the construction of multiple solar facilities in the Commonwealth to service Facebook's Henrico Data Center with 100 percent renewable energy." The compnay is the latest tech giant to use its leverage to increase solar power in Virginia — virtually non-existent a few years ago. Amazon and Microsoft also signed deals in Virginia reliant on new solar construction. Facebook currenlty has data centers in Oregon, North Carolina and Iowa. New centers in Fort Worth, Texas; Los Lunas, New Mexico; and New Albany, Ohio is under construction.
Related topics: Data Center
Sky has greenlit “My View: Clem Burke,” a music doc about the titular Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee and Blondie drummer.
Burke is one of Rolling Stone magazine's 100 Greatest Drummers of All Time and has played with musical greats including Bob Dylan, Pete Townsend, Iggy Pop, The Ramones and The Eurythmics, as well as being the drummer in iconic rock band Blondie.
European pay-TV giant Sky will run the one-hour program on its Sky Arts channel in the U.K. The producers said it will be an access-all-areas look into the world of Burke, also known as the “Doctor of Rock,” and dubbed the hardest working drummer in the business.
Philip Sansom produced the film for PHIX in conjunction with Canis Productions. Alan Judd, CEO of International Television and Media, which owns Canis, said: “From Blondie and beyond, Clem Burke is a pure rock legend whose raw talent and enigmatic presence are brilliantly distilled in this thrilling documentary.”
Canis has a growing profile in music docs, making shows including “The Last Lennon Interview,” which examined the last days of John Lennon's life. London-based Starline has sealed a deal for the rights to “My View: Clem Burke,” and will be drumming up interest in the film internationally.
Starline cofounder Carey Fitzgerald negotiated the deal with Judd and said: “Faultlessly produced, ‘My View: Clem Burke' is must-see, music driven TV, sure to excite rock-loving audiences everywhere. We're delighted to be working with Canis and look forward to bringing this great documentary to international attention.”
Nashville, Tenn. — Automotive supplier Denso announced plans Friday to invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in its main Tennessee facility to meet growing demand for electric vehicle parts.
The investment is aimed at making the Maryville plant the Japanese company's primary manufacturer in North American for electrification and safety systems, the company said.
“This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation,” Kenichiro Ito, the chairperson of Denso North America, said in a statement. “We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands.”
The company plans to expand several production lines to produce advanced components for hybrid and electric vehicles. The products are designed to improve fuel efficiency and preserve electric power by recovering and recycling energy. They also will boost efficiency for the entire vehicle by anticipating road conditions through data collected inside and outside the car.
The expansion in Maryville comes atop a $400 million investment that the company announced in 2015 to consolidate its warehouse operations, a move intended at the time to add 500 jobs.
Denso opened the plant in Maryville in 1988 with about 100 employees. U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, then governor, has said the facility in their hometown was a sort of consolation prize after Tennessee lost out to Kentucky for a Toyota assembly plant. Today about 3,200 people work at the Maryville plant, besides another 1,400 employees at another Denso facility in nearby Athens, Tennessee.
The announcement comes as Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam prepares to embark on a trade mission to Asia that will include a pitch seeking to attract a new joint Toyota and Mazda assembly plant to their Southern state.
The Japanese automakers announced in August that they plan to spend $1.6 billion on the new manufacturing plant, creating up to 4,000 jobs. The companies plan to work together on advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other.
Tennessee is home to assembly plants by Nissan, General Motors and Volkswagen, along with a slew of suppliers. The state has been prepping a sprawling site outside of Memphis in hopes of attracting another auto manufacturing plant.
“We would love to get the Mazda-Toyota plant,” Haslam told reporters Thursday. “We think we have leg up in automobile manufacturing because we're so strong in it now, and there is a sense in which there's a real desire to locate near other suppliers.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y0D6PF
Kim Burrell, a gospel singer who is scheduled to appear on The Ellen Degeneres Show next week, recently called gays and lesbians perverts in a sermon they delivered at the Love & Liberty Fellowship Church in Houston, according to the Houston Chronicle.
“You as a man, you open your mouth and take a man's penis in your face, you are perverted… You are a woman and will shake your face in another woman's breast, you are perverted,” they said, according to People magazine.
Burrell is supposed to sing “I See Victory,” a song from the film Hidden Figures with Pharrell Williams on Ellen's show. The stars of the movie have spoken against Burrell's comments, as have numerous others. Williams issued a statement that read, “I condemn hate speech of any kind,” and did not mention of Burrell.
When a video of the sermon began circulating, Burrell used the tired love-the-sinner-hate-the-sin to defend them bigotry.
Neither Degeneres nor the show's producers have issued a statement.
What isn't clear is why Burrell would want to be on a show hosted by a pervert, just because it's a top-rated daytime talk show where Ellen will give this singer, whom many of their viewers never heard of before, a chance to be seen.
Certainly Ellen won't include a clip from Burrell's sermon on the show and confront them We'd love to see them do that, but that's not Ellen's style. Ellen's more the “when they go low, we go high” type of talk show host. Expect them to handle the situation with class.
*Headline suggested by Stephen Mobley.
Comments (powered by FaceBook)
KARACHI, April 17 (APP): Governor State Bank of Pakistan, Ashraf
Mahmood Wathra inaugurated the Heritage Meeting Rooms building at SBP
Headquarters I.I Chundrigar Road here on Monday.
The stone masonry building with gable shape steel truss type
roofing partially covered with Manglore tiles and partially with
Asbestos sheets exist behind the SBP Museum and Art Gallery since pre
partition times. The covered area of this barrack shape building is
about 6,500 Sqft.
Expressing their thoughts, Governor SBP thanked the Sindh Heritage
Committee for their valuable support in the restoration of this
building and congratulated the SBP staff for completing the renovation
work.
`Preserving old buildings reminiscent of our past is a valuable
service to the current and future generations of this country and SBP
is proud in making its contribution, they remarked.
It was pointed out that keeping in view the location and
historical background of the building, SBP Management in Oct 2014,
decided to rehabilitate and use it for some appropriate purpose. Out
of various proposals, the proposal of making of Conference
Rooms/Committee Rooms was finalized.
Members of Sindh Heritage committee Arif Hassan, Hameed Haroon
and Dr. Kaleemullah Lashari were also present on the occasion.
Hameed Haroon appreciated the services of the Governor State Bank
in safeguarding the national heritage of the country as this is the
second heritage building which has been conserved by the State Bank
and readopted for use.
They also commented that only a few Government institutions are
making conscious efforts for such purpose. The members of the
Committee also lauded the efforts of State Bank and the Governor in
this regard.
Olympic star Ryan Donato scored their first NHL goal on Monday as they made their debut for the Boston Bruins against the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Donato's slap shot at 14 minutes, 19 seconds of the second period tied the game at 1-1, assisted by Danton Heinen and Torey Krug.
Donato was playing left wing on the No. 2 line alongside center David Krejci and right wing Heinen.
They had originally been penciled in for third-line duty, but when right wing Rick Nash was scratched with an upper-body injury, Donato was moved up to the second line and Anton Blidh was recalled from Providence on an emergency basis.
Editor's Picks Team USA star Donato signs with Bruins Left wing Ryan Donato, who starred for Team USA at last month's Pyeongchang Winter Games, has signed with the Boston Bruins and will play Monday night against the Columbus Blue Jackets.
A 2014 second-round draft pick, Donato, 21, is from the Boston area and is the son of former Bruins and current Harvard coach Ted Donato. They signed a two-year entry-level contract on Sunday.
Donato tied for the lead in goals among all Olympians with five goals in five games and led Team USA with six points. Coincidentally, the Bruins honored both men and women U.S. Olympians before the game, with Donato taking part in a ceremonial puck drop.
As a junior, Donato led Harvard with 26 goals and 43 points in 29 games this past season and was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award as the NCAA's top player. They became available to sign after the Crimson were eliminated in the ECAC semifinals by Clarkson 5-4 in overtime Friday night.
The Bruins have been hit hard with injuries, with several forwards sidelined in addition to Nash.
Patrice Bergeron has been out three weeks with a broken foot, but was back on skates at Monday's practice and could travel with the team on the upcoming road trip.
Jake DeBrusk has missed the past two games with an upper-body injury. David Backes took 18 stitches to their right leg after being hit by a skate blade Saturday night.
"It was a pretty significant cut," Sweeney said Sunday of Backes' injury. "We'll let nature take its course and let it heal. I don't have a definitive timetable. Certainly not day-to-day. I would suspect he'll be out for a couple games."
The Bruins, who are second in the Eastern Conference with 98 points, are also missing rookie defenseman Charlie McAvoy (knee injury) and captain Zdeno Chara (upper-body injury).
(Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, with a surge in energy stocks helping Wall Street recover from a steep selloff in the previous session that was driven by political turmoil in Italy.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Hopes that Italy might avoid a potentially damaging general election set the markets off to a strong start on Wednesday.
At the session's peak, the S&P 500 erased all its losses from Tuesday on news that Italy's 5-Star Movement party called for eurosceptic economist Paola Savona to withdraw their candidacy as economy minister to the possible formation of a government.
“The extent that it sold off was probably a little too much. So a little bit of a bounce back is not that big a surprise,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
Fears about the political instability had sent investors scurrying to safety assets on Tuesday, with the U.S. Treasury market enjoying its best day in at least about seven years. However, stocks took a beating, with the S&P 500 posting its first 1 percent drop in May.
At 13:13 p.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 286.48 points, or 1.18 percent, at 24,647.93, the S&P 500 was up 32.91 points, or 1.22 percent, at 2,722.77 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 61.05 points, or 0.83 percent, at 7,457.65.
Traders also said the political uncertainty in Italy also led to a drop in the expectations for U.S. interest rate hikes for the year, helping the stock markets gain momentum.
“In essence, investors perceived the mounting risks in Europe to warrant almost one less rate hike this year than just one week ago, a meaningful shift in investor sentiment,” John Lynch, chief equity strategist at LPL Financial in Charlotte, North Carolina, wrote in a note.
The S&P energy index jumped 3.13 percent and was on track for its biggest one-day gain in nearly three weeks.
Energy shares, which provided the biggest boost to the S&P 500, benefited from a more than 2.4 percent surge in crude oil prices.
Bank stocks, which were the worst hit on Tuesday, recovered with the S&P financial index rising 1.86 percent.
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 1.7 percent, while computer and printer maker HP Inc jumped 3.4 percent after raising full-year profit forecasts.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4.28-to-1 ratio on the NYSE. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 2.77-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.
The S&P index recorded 24 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 171 new highs and 21 new lows.
The Federal Government on Monday debunked media reports that minister who were invited to the US-Nigeria Investment Summit in Washington, D.C, on April 19, 2018, shunned the forum.
The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, in a statement issued in London said most of the ministers who were slated to attend the event were not invited and were not in Washington DC at the time.
Mohammed said that the insinuation that some ministers collected estacodes without attending the forum was baseless.
They added that the Ministers of Agriculture; Power Works and Housing and Budget and National Planning did not get an invitation from the organisers, even though they were listed among those who were expected to attend.
Mohammed said the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, who was also invited, was with the President at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in London at the time of the summit, while the Minister of Finance, who was in Washington, DC, at the time, was there purposely to attend the 2018 Spring Meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
The minister said though they (Minister of Information and Culture) was invited to the forum, they wrote back to inform the organisers that they would not be able to make the trip due to conflicting schedules.
They said, “It is clear from the foregoing that no Minister shunned the US-Investment Summit and that the reports being circulated in that regard are bereft of facts.”
Meanwhile, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr Ibe Kachikwu, on Monday refuted reports that they were absent at an intended meeting with investors in the U.S. alongside other ministers.
A statement in Abuja by the spokesperson for the Ministry, Idang Alibi, said Kachikwu was at another investors meeting in the UK.
“The office of the Minister has recently been beleaguered with various media reports concerning the absence of the Minister of State at the recent US-Nigeria Investment Summit held in Washington, DC.
“It is important to note that Dr Kachikwu was not in the United States of America as reported and was not billed to attend the summit.
“He was in the United Kingdom where they had just concluded the facilitation of a key investment meeting between President Muhammadu Buhari and the Royal Dutch Shell plc. led by the CEO, Bernardus Van Beurden, in London.
”He is committed to delivering the major aspirations of the #7BigWins of which Business and Investment Drive is a key theme,” the statent read in part.
There were reports that the Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi had criticised the ministers who were to attend the investment summit, but were absent.
Only the minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi reportedly attended the investors meeting.
America's unique burger styles, and where to try them The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45 The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45
The scene: One thing Great American Bites has learned traveling the backroads of the nation is that there are far more ways to cook burgers than you might think. If you want to try some of America's variety of regional preparations, these are the places to visit:
Gas
Burgers are a uniquely American invention, and the place that has the best claim to having actually birthed our favorite food is Louis' Lunch in New Haven, Connecticut, which gets the support of the Library of Congress for its historical significance. Little has changed here in over a century, and they still cook on the original custom-made upright cast iron gas grills, sort of vertical waffle irons for burgers. The result is a little bit of a crunchier exterior char than many of us get at home, with a still perfectly medium center, and the burgers or cheeseburgers (using spreadable cheese, not slices) are still served on toasted white bread — also cooked with gas — since the burgers themselves predate buns.
Fire-grilled
Because live fire inside the kitchen is tricky, this is much less common in restaurants than backyards, and two places we've visited over the years really stand out. The Weber Grill mini-chain uses the company's iconic kettle grills in the kitchen to provide a finer dining take on the home cookout and does a great job. It has five Midwest locations including Chicago, St. Louis and Indianapolis. They cook over charcoal, and offer several options including a rarity usually found only at the highest end steakhouses, the Prime Burger, with USDA Prime Ground Chuck, bourbon grilled onions, and cheddar.
In Las Vegas we loved the burgers (and amazing pudding shakes!) at multiple Michelin Star holder and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's BurGR. Located in the Planet Hollywood casino hotel, it features a live-fire grill burning a mix of apple and alderwood. Patties are made from a mixture of ground brisket, chuck and short rib, and Ramsay forgoes spices or sauces and instead brushes the burgers with imported English Devonshire butter. Standout brioche buns are baked fresh daily and dotted with white and black sesame seeds, and the burgers are perfectly cooked to order, with fantastic specialty options. One favorite is the stacked Farm Burger, with English sharp cheddar, a fried egg and duck breast bacon, while the Brittania burger makes novel — and delicious — use of mango chutney, along with sharp cheddar and arugula.
Steamed
Food historians are quick to point out that despite their mass market bastardization, authentic “sliders” are not just miniature burgers, they are steamed so the bun, cheese and patty become integrated. Serious Eats editor J. Kenji Lopez-Alt notes that, “Invented in Wichita, Kansas, in 1916 by Walter Anderson (who five years later founded White Castle), sliders were at one time the predominant form of burger on the planet. Weighing in at under two ounces, the diminutive sandwiches are made by slowly steam-griddling thin, all-beef patties on a bed of onions.” Anderson's invention is served at a handful of mom-and-pop spots, mostly in New Jersey and the Northeast, but is best associated with their still-thriving national chain, White Castle — the world's oldest fast food burger brand. The preformed square patties have five holes in them to let steam pass through, and they are cooked on a bed of chopped onions and their liquid so they steam without ever touching the griddle, with the rolls placed over the meat before being fully constructed. As a result, the buns are steamy and moist and stuck to the meat (and optional cheese). You either love or hate the steamed burger, and if you love it — I do — White Castle is awesome.
For non-chain spot, Ted's, in Meriden, Connecticut, is a one-off steamed burger specialist that uses a custom-made machine, a metal cabinet with little drawers, not unlike a workshop parts cabinet. A square slab of ground beef or cheddar cheese is inserted in each drawer, which are then shut, and steam cooks everything. If you get a cheeseburger, the oozy cheese is scooped onto the finished burger. It's a unique style of cooking that drains off the fat, and it produced the juiciest well-done burger I have ever had.
Griddled
This is the most common restaurant preparation for burgers, at both fast food and sit-down eateries, and for the former, our national favorites are Five Guys and Whataburger, both of which roll out a far more satisfying and more homemade tasting burger than the big three. Five Guys specializes in doubles with two thin cooked-to-order patties, with juicy results, and showcases a vast array of free optional toppings. Whataburger is a Southern chain that debuted in 1950 as the fourth fast food burger chain in the nation (before McDonald's and Burger King). Two of its three predecessors were tiny burger specialists, White Castle and Krystal, so Whataburger carved out the big burger niche in fast food and has kept it ever since, serving tasty two-hands-required sandwiches. The patties are made freshly and taste better, the chain has its own line of quality condiments and also offers another fantastic take burger rarely seen in fast food, the patty melt.
A smaller chain that does a fantastic job with griddled burgers is Hopdoddy Burger Bar, which started in Austin, Texas, and is now found across the Southwest. Hopdoddy's uses only naturally raised drug-free beef from partner ranchers in Texas and Colorado, and all proteins are ground fresh daily at each location. In addition to great beef they offer a wide variety of patty options including lamb, turkey, bison and even tuna steaks. Often overlooked buns are stars here, brioche versions baked daily, with options for multi-grain and gluten free.
Griddle-smashed
This style is the current rage, with a ball of meat crushed by spatula over a bed of chopped onions on a flat top. It is the longtime signature of national chain Smashburger, and as the frequent winner of various best fast food burger competitions, that's a great place to try it. It's a cut above most competitors in both taste and atmosphere, with all food cooked to order. The chain uses only 100% Certified Angus Beef (CAB), a specialty brand which requires 10 extra tests beyond normal USDA grading. They do only fresh, never frozen, and each burger starts as a ball of ground beef on a well-buttered griddle and is then pressed with a metal plate until it begins to form a seared crust.
For a one-off take on the style, we loved Off-Site Kitchen in Dallas, a kitschy throwback concept full of pop culture décor run by a highly trained fine dining chef who pulls out all the stops to perfect the seemingly simple burger. Extensive taste testing led them to use only one ranch in Nebraska for the meat, and it is ground daily in-house, using a very particular technique. Shoulder meat only is put in a freezer until almost frozen, then ground on machines that are also kept in the freezer because friction generates heat, and the owner believes this breaks down the fat and meat in a way that causes burgers to taste stringy. The cold-ground burgers are perfect, the topping selection is great, and the buns, stylistically in-between traditional and brioche style, complete a simply fantastic burger experience.
Patty melt
I am a huge fan of this unique style where a burger patty is served on sliced bread, usually rye, done grilled cheese-style. In fact, the more burgers I try the more convinced I become that if there is a single best burger style, this is it. While you can get them at many diners, or previously mentioned fast food chain Whataburger, the best I've had is at Park, a modern gastropub in Cambridge, Massachusetts (which also won a reader voting competition held by popular BostonBurgerBlog as the city's finest). Co-owner Patrick Lee told me the sandwiches never “were things we thought would ever become the iconic dishes of the restaurant. But our chef's thing is to put a twist on everything, and there are so many burgers around here they did the patty melt.” It is an elevated take on the genre, cut diagonally into two eye-catching triangles. Park uses square organic rye loaves from Boston's beloved Iggy's artisanal bakery and had custom metal dies fabricated to shape square patties that fit the bread perfectly. They use a custom meat blend from New York's famed butcher Pat LaFrieda, add American cheese, Cholula onions and optional bacon. It is stunning.
Jucy Lucy
It would be wrong to conclude this take on American regional burger styles without Minnesota's unique contribution to the canon, the Jucy Lucy. Now a citywide signature, it is two patties formed around American cheese and sealed along the perimeter, so the melted cheese becomes an oozy volcanic core to a single thick patty. It was invented at Matt's Bar, and this humble, but charming, neighborhood tavern remains the place to make a burger pilgrimage in the Twin Cities. I've seen such burgers attempted by home chefs, but never with this success — it appears to be a normal, single contiguous patty until bitten into, whereupon the cross-section clearly reveals the top and bottom halves, and the cheese is well distributed in every bite but never breaks through prematurely. It is one tasty burger, but be careful — the wait staff will warn you — if you bite into it too quickly or aggressively you will burn your mouth. My friends and I liked it so much we immediately ordered another round.
Where to try plant-based burgers and menus Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20 Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20
Larry Olmsted has been writing about food and travel for more than 15 years. An avid eater and cook, they have attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a barbecue contest and once dined with Julia Child. Follow them on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy, and if there's a unique American eatery you think they should visit, send them an email at travel@usatoday.com. Some of the venues reviewed by this column provided complimentary services.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Fearful pattern
harmful to nation
Editor: A president who brought America through difficult times eloquently stated, “The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
Now, a president fans the flames of fear and paranoia for theirs benefit.
President Trump talks of a “deep state” and a “rigged” system. But Trump personally appointed the attorney general, deputy attorney general and FBI director. The Senate and House are controlled by their Republican Party. Trump should provide verifiable facts surrounding the deep state claim.
Directors of the CIA, FBI and national intelligence are Trump appointees. All unequivocally have stated that Russia attempted to interfere in the 2016 election. But instead of cooperating with the special counsel investigating possible collusion, Trump berates the investigation as a “witch hunt.” If Trump has nothing to hide then they should want the facts out and speak truthfully to the special counsel. Five people have pleaded guilty and at least 14 others have been indicted. People don't plead guilty unless they are guilty.
The FBI investigation is a search for the truth into Russian collusion, money laundering and other suspicious activity. But Trump and their allies take the low road, calling FBI personnel “Nazis” or “stormtroopers.” However, after the neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia, Trump said there were good people among them. Trump is either stupid or sick to label any neo-Nazi as good. Some 416,000 brave American soldiers and sailors died in World War II fighting against Nazis and their sick ideology.
Another low road Trump took was berating Sen. John McCain, a decorated war hero, because they were captured. Trump had five medical deferments from military service and is the poster boy for hypocrisy.
Trump's approval rating hovers around 40 percent but they are 100 percent successful at playing Americans for fools, stoking fear and dividing people.
DAVE DUDZINSKI
DUPONT
Veterans snubbed
in NFL protests
Editor: I am so disappointed that the NFL edict requiring players to stand during the national anthem allows those who refuse to stand to stay in locker rooms. It should be called the rathole.
As former Vice President Joe Biden recently said, people wonder when decency would hit rock bottom. We are getting closer to hell every day when members of American sports teams cannot respect our flag, our country and our veterans who gave us the freedom for players to play. They get paid millions and sadly have no values for our flag and our country.
Never forget the fields that our veterans fight on for our freedom. Come out of your rathole, stand proudly for our flag, our country and most of all our veterans.
JANE MALLOY
DUNMORE
Palestinians in Gaza
condemned to suffer
Editor: Recent letters (“Palestinian plight,” May 18 and “Values questioned,” May 22) painted Palestinians, particularly Gazans, as innocent victims of a cruel and uncaring Israel. As New York Times columnist Bret Stephens observed, the presumptive victims are the authors of their own misery.
Seventy years ago, the Arab world initiated a war to nullify the United Nations' creation of two new states in the Middle East. That failed war, like other wars, created numerous refugees, 750,000 Arabs who fled or were displaced from Israel, and more than 850,000 Jews who were thrown out of Arab lands from Morocco to Iraq.
The Jewish state took in and nourished its refugees; the Arab world kept its
brethren in deliberate squalor and perpetual resentment so as to stoke the flames of repeated violence, which again erupted recently at the Gaza-Israel border.
Hamas, a terrorist organization, now seeks pity for those whom it exploits to
mask its continual attacks on Israel's sovereignty and its civilian populace. While world attention and most reporting focused on Gazan women and children, who allegedly were paid to create chaos, another terror attack tunnel was detected near an Israeli kibbutz, multiple firebombs destroyed acres of Israeli fields, armed infiltrators were captured and
numerous grenades and other explosives were discovered. Hamas co-founder,
Mahmoud Zahar, admitted to the intended deception and Hamas leader Yahya Sinwar boasted that the purpose of the riots is to “tear down Israel's border and tear out their hearts.”
The United States would not tolerate such assaults on its borders and Israel should not be blamed for protecting its people and sovereignty. So long as Palestinian sympathizers excuse the real obstacle to peace and refuse to rebuke Hamas for its tactics and aims, these scenarios are doomed to repeat themselves and Palestinians are condemned by their leaders to suffer.
MARK SILVERBERG
JEWISH FEDERATION OF NORTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA,
SCRANTON
Threat from Russia
subverts democracy
Editor: Jim Masters (“Establish gun panel,” May 28) urges our do-nothing legislators to empower a panel to study gun violence. They cite the obvious, it's a life-and-death issue.
At the same time, they would like to see this effort pursued instead of wasting time on Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. That is rather incongruous, when you consider that by deligitimizing our last election, Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeded in subverting our democratic process, rendering such action more difficult.
While it is not as obvious as a life-and death issue, Russian influence in our governing process is as threatening to our democracy as if the Russians held guns to our heads.
BERT SILVESTRI
PECKVILLE
Wrong, not right
Editor: The saying, “My country right or wrong,” is no patriotism. It is jingoism.
Trumpism right or wrong is not loyalty. It is stupidity.
BOB SINGER
WILKES-BARRE
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Andon Health Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 165 million yuan to 185 million yuan in FY 2017 versus net profit at 14.5 million yuan year ago
* Says exchange loss as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GXQCU3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Abc Multiactive Ltd:
* ‍FY TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE HK$5.6 MILLION VERSUS LOSS HK$4.3 MILLION
* FY TURNOVER HK$14.7 MILLION VERSUS HK$18.4 MILLION
* THERE WILL BE SUFFICIENT RESOURCES TO ENABLE IT TO MEET ITS LIABILITIES AS AND WHEN THEY FALL DUE AND TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
ISLAMABAD, Aug 13 (APP): Vice Premier of China Wang Yang
Sunday called on Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi at PM
House wherein both the leaders held comprehensive discussions
on all issues of bilateral, regional and international
interest.
The prime minister warmly welcomed Wang Yang and said
Pakistan and China were all weather friends and strategic
partners.
“Pak-China bilateral ties are time tested; our
relationship has attained new heights after the CPEC that is
a game changer for the region and beyond,” the prime minister
stated.
Both the leaders expressed satisfaction over the
progress in implementation of CPEC projects.
Vice Premier Wang Yang congratulated the prime minister
on Pakistan's 70th anniversary celebrations and stressed that
their visit demonstrated the close strategic relations between
the “iron brothers”, Pakistan and China, and China's strong
support for Pakistan.
They thanked Pakistan for its consistent support for
issues of core importance to China.
Both leaders agreed to further promote cooperation on
all issues of mutual interest.
After the meeting, the prime minister and the Chinese
vice prime minister witnessed the inauguration ceremony of
China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) energy and
infrastructure projects and the signing of bilateral MoUs and
agreements between the two countries.
Chinese Vice Premier was assisted by Chinese Ambassador
in Pakistan Sun Weidong and other senior officials. Minister
for Foreign Affairs Khawaja Muhammad Asif, Interior Minister
Ahsan Iqbal, Minister of State for Information Marriyum
Aurangzeb, Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua and other senior
government officials were also present during the meeting.
Prime Minister Abbasi also hosted a dinner in honour of
the Chinese Vice Premier and members of the visiting
delegation.
MEXICO CITY/CARACAS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's first tour of Latin America got off to a rocky start on Friday with U.S. ally Mexico distancing itself from their suggestion that Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro could be toppled by their own military.
Tillerson ruffled feathers across the region on the eve of their five-nation tour with comments in Texas defending 19th century U.S. foreign policy in Latin America and suggesting the Venezuelan army could manage “a peaceful transition” from Maduro.
Both Maduro and their defence minister condemned the comments on Friday, and even Mexico, no friend of the Venezuelan government, was at pains to say it did not support any non-peaceful solution in the South American country that is engulfed in a political and economic crisis.
“Mexico, in no case, would back any option that implies the use of violence, internal or external, to resolve the case of Venezuela,” Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray
said at a news conference, flanked by Tillerson and Canadian counterpart Chrystia Freeland.
“It will have to be the Venezuelans themselves who find a peaceful route, a peaceful solution to this crisis,” they said.
Tillerson, in Mexico on the first leg of a trip that will also take in Argentina, Colombia, Peru and Jamaica, did not repeat their comments about military action, but reiterated a call for Maduro to reinstate a legislative assembly and hold free and fair elections.
In Venezuela, Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino accused Washington of seeking to undermine democracy in Latin America and return to the days of “imperialism,” lashing out at Tillerson during a broadcast on state television.
Padrino said Tillerson's Latin American tour was aimed at fomenting a regional “intervention” against Venezuela's socialist government.
“The armed forces radically reject such deplorable remarks that constitute a vile act of interference,” they said, flanked by military top brass, before reading a formal statement of support for Maduro.
Venezuela's Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez (C) talks to the media during a news conference, in Caracas, Venezuela, February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Marco Bello
At a political rally later in the day, Maduro said they would not be bowed by Tillerson's comments.
“We will not give in. They don't know what we are made of,” Maduro said.
CALLS FOR MILITARY ACTION
Venezuela's opposition leaders have long urged the military to take action against Maduro. Maduro claims the United States and opposition parties are part of an international right-wing conspiracy to oust them and get their hands on the OPEC nation's oil wealth.
U.S. President Donald Trump has themselves suggested possible military intervention in Venezuela, though that was widely rejected in Latin America. Trump has imposed individual and economic sanctions on Venezuela's government, accusing it of rights abuses and corruption. [nL2N1LZ261] [nL2N1M305Q]
On Thursday, Tillerson referred to the 1823 Monroe Doctrine, which is widely seen in Latin America as a justification for U.S. armed intervention in the region, saying it was “as relevant today as it was the day it was written.”
Discussing Venezuela, the top U.S. diplomat said militaries in Latin America often “handled” transitions from bad governments, but insisted they were not advocating “regime change.”
“If the kitchen gets a little too hot for him, I am sure that he's got some friends over in Cuba that could give them a nice hacienda on the beach and they could have a nice life over there,” Tillerson said, referring to 55-year-old Maduro, who has a close relationship with Cuba's communist government.
Senior military leaders have consistently stood by Maduro, whom critics accuse of turning Venezuela into a dictatorship and wrecking its economy.
But discontent among the rank-and-file, especially at their own economic penuries, is evident.
There have been some small uprisings against Maduro from within the security forces. A National Guard captain led an attack on a barracks but was later arrested. A police helicopter pilot, Oscar Perez, who lobbed grenades at government buildings, was tracked down and killed last month. [nL1N1PB0ZI]
QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - A bomb exploded near a crowded market in the Pakistani city of Quetta on Saturday, killing at least 15 people, officials said, the latest attack to hit the restive southwestern province of Baluchistan.
Vehicles are seen burning after a bomb blast in Quetta, Pakistan August 12, 2017. Naseer Ahmed
Middle East-based Islamic State, which has a branch of loosely affiliated fighters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, claimed the attack shortly afterwards, saying a motorcycle suicide bomber had killed 17 soldiers. The powerful blast hit as a paramilitary patrol passed by on the road, Baluchistan provincial home minister Sarfraz Bugti said, adding the patrol may have been the target. "According to the information we have received so far, there are around 15 casualties, people who were martyred, and around 40 people were wounded," Bugti said. They said a state of emergency had been imposed in the city and all hospitals were on alert.
Quetta's chief of bomb disposal squad, Aslam Tareen, said initial information was that a suicide attacker rammed a motorcycle into a military vehicle. Pakistan's army press wing said the patrol was the target and there were at least seven civilians among the 15 killed. It cited army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa as saying terrorists were trying to disrupt Monday's celebrations of 70 years of independence from Britain. "Our resolve won't succumb to any challenge," Bajwa was quoted as saying in an official tweet from a top military spokesperson. Separatist militants in Baluchistan have waged a campaign against the central government for decades, demanding a greater share of the gas-rich province's resources. Taliban and other Islamist militants also operate in the province, which shares borders with Afghanistan and Iran. A U.S. drone strike killed Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour last year in Baluchistan. The province was rocked by a series of attacks late last year that claimed over 180 lives and raised concerns about a growing militant presence, including fighters affiliated with Islamic State, which has claimed several bombings in Baluchistan. A judicial report released after an attack on the province's lawyers left more than 70 dead criticised security provisions in the region and called for increased clampdowns on extremists.
Interviews with Baluchistan police and an internal police report viewed by Reuters described a Baluchistan-based militant network in the province's remote mountainous area of Wadh with 500-1,000 operatives led by a former military asset. However, military intelligence officials denied the Wadh network exists and the father of the alleged leader says their son is not involved with militants attacking the state.
Homebuilder Taylor Wimpey North East is inviting families looking for a property with more space to visit its St Andrew's Garden development, in Morpeth, where its five-bedroom Ashbury home is now available.
Karl Morton, sales and marketing director for Taylor Wimpey North East, said: “Research shows that 17 per cent of living space in older style homes often goes to waste, equating to £34,000 of a house worth £200,000 being unused.
“All of our homes are designed to adapt to modern lifestyles, so families can make the most of every inch of space available.”
They added: “From its spacious design and friendly, close-knit St Andrew's Garden community to the range of financial schemes created to make buying easier, there is so much to love about the Ashbury.”
For more information about the development, visit www.taylorwimpey.co.uk or call 01670 335201.
Nashville honky-tonk singer and fiddle maestro Joshua Hedley has signed a deal with Third Man Records, it was announced yesterday.
A Florida native who began playing professionally before their teenage years, Hedley has for some time been a fixture on Music City's roots music scene. For several years they played fiddle for Justin Townes Earle before pulling duty in Jonny Fritz's band.  They are also a familiar face at Robert's Western World on Lower Broadway.
Though he'll likely get classified in the Americana genre, Hedley's sound is classic country, not unlike that of their new label mate Margo Price. “For me the genre of country music was perfected in 1965 and anything after that, albeit good, was experimentation,” Hedley told Rolling Stone Country last year.
As of right now, there are no details about a forthcoming release, but you can hear “Don't Waste Your Tears” from a recent EP below.
Yesterday, Hedley shared a heartwarming message on Instagram about their record deal.
“Every day of the last 24 years of my life has led up to this moment,” Hedley wrote. “From the first time I picked up a fiddle to right now all I've ever wanted to do is make music and be given the opportunity to share that music with the world. It's been a long road full of all kinds of ups and downs, weird gigs, long van rides, hard floors, and incredible experiences. But through it all I never gave up, I never sold out, I didn't change myself for anyone, and I did everything the way I wanted to do it no matter what. And today my life's work finally paid off and my life's dream was finally realized …. I cannot wait to show everyone what we've been working on. This is the best day of my life.”
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the ALL NEW Radio.com app on your smart device!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN w/ Pauly Kover, weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Deserving losers hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts Friday at 9PM!
TONIGHT is a REMATCH: Champion The Brevet “Locked & Loaded” (2 wins) vs Challenger Cemetery Sun “Stay A While”
WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (back Tuesday 9PM vs Manchester Orchestra “Blizzard Of '77”)
***VOTING RULES!!! Voting begins at 9PM PT, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain opened until 10AM PT. Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… You can also call 702-791-1075 between 9PM – 10PM for an additional vote & to get on the radio!***
THE BEATDOWN 2018 HOF INDUCTEES: Fitness “Matter Of Time” & Parade Of Lights “Tidal Waves” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Polyspin Exports Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT 18 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 6.9 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 469.3 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 372.8 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* REAPPOINTED R RAMJI AS MD Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Pakistan is keen to develop cultural linkages with Cuba as cultures help people connect with each other to understand their diverse traits, values and traditions.
Marriyum Aurangzeb, Minister of State for Information,
Broadcasting and National Heritage stated this in a meeting with Gabrel Tiel Capote, the Ambassador of Cuba who called on them here Friday.
They said Pakistan highly value its ties with Cuba and would like to further enhance cooperation in the field of information, art and culture.
The minister added that Pakistan would always remain indebted to the Cuban gesture of support during one of the most challenging phase of our history and stood at the forefront in providing relief efforts for the earthquake victims in 2005.
They said bilateral relations between the two countries
were based on mutual trust and respect and emphasized the need to
further expand these ties to strengthen cultural bond to the benefit
of the people of both countries.
Gabrel Tiel Capote said Cuba desires to strengthen
bilateral relations with Pakistan and would also like to collaborate
in different areas mutually beneficial to each other.
They informed the minister of state about the visiting Cuban
cultural troupe comprising musicians, singers and dancers who would
exhibit their performance in various cities of Pakistan.
Marriyum Aurangzeb assured them full support and cooperation in
facilitating the cultural troupe and expressed Pakistan's desire to
enter into arrangements to ensure regular exchange of delegations in
the field of art and culture.
HODGEMAN COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Hodgeman County are investigating a burglary and asking the public for help.
Sometime after the recent ice storm, suspects took a trailer from the lot at Ruff Stuff Parts and Supply in the 100 Block of Main Street in Hanston, according to a social media report.
The trailer was taken south of Hanston by the creek and stripped it of items including a Hobart welder, 50 feet of ground cable, 100 feet of lead cable, 24-volt 1/2-inch drive impact wrench, Victor torches with acetylene and oxygen bottles, and a darkening welding helmet.
If you know any details or had seen this trailer leaving town, please contact the Sheriff's Office with your information.
US President Donald Trump, under pressure to explicitly condemn a weekend rally by white supremacists that ended in bloodshed, on Monday denounced racism and slammed the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis as "repugnant."
Trump had taken heat from Democrats and Republicans alike for their response to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A woman was killed and 19 others injured when a suspected Nazi sympathizer plowed their car into a crowd of anti-racism protesters after a violent rally by neo-Nazis and white supremacists over the removal of a Confederate statue.
RELATED WATCH: Donald Trump releases their first re-election ad It's not until 2020, but Donald Trump has kicked off their re-election campaign. Trump slammed as Charlottesville rallies around victims of weekend violence SBS World News Radio: The United States president's national security adviser has called a car attack in the state of Virginia an act of "domestic terrorism".
After meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and new FBI Director Christopher Wray, Trump got tough.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said in nationally televised remarks from the White House, where they travelled early Monday to meet with their top law enforcement aides.
"Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," they said.
"To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered."
In an appearance Saturday at their golf resort in New Jersey, Trump had faulted "many sides" for the violence but made no specific mention of the white extremists involved in the melee, some of whom wore Trump hats and T-shirts.
Earlier Monday, Sessions said in an interview on ABC's "Good Morning America" program that the car attack "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
White nationalist demonstrators clash with a counter demonstrator at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017.
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," they told ABC.
The Justice Department has launched a civil rights inquiry in connection with the incident, and the driver, a 20-year-old Ohio man who was said to have had a history of neo-Nazi beliefs, has been charged with second-degree murder.
On Monday, a judge denied bail for the suspected attacker, James Fields.
Backlash mounts
After a weekend of criticism of Trump from both sides of the political aisle, a prominent African-American business person quit a presidential advisory body Monday to protest what they deemed an insufficient response.
"Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs," Ken Frazier, chief executive of Merck Pharmaceutical, said in announcing their resignation from Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier said.
"As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
Trump was quick to lash out at Frazier's move.
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!" the president said on Twitter.
'Dangerous fringe groups'
On Sunday, the White House and top administration officials strove to defend the president.
"The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred," the White House said in a statement.
"Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
Far-right rally turns deadly in Virginia
On a visit to Colombia, Vice President Mike Pence said: "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Pence also defended Trump, saying the president "clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred" on display in Charlottesville.
The Charlottesville mayor, Michael Signer, a Democrat, however laid much of the blame for the violence directly at the president's feet, saying on CBS that Trump had created an atmosphere of "coarseness, cynicism (and) bullying."
Of the 19 people injured on Saturday, 10 remained hospitalized in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
Two state police officers involved in the law enforcement deployment for the rally also died Saturday in a helicopter crash.
Trump faced criticism during last year's presidential campaign for failing to quickly reject a vow of support from a former Ku Klux Klan leader, David Duke, though they eventually did so. Duke attended Saturday's rally.
The president has long had a following among white supremacist groups attracted to their nationalist rhetoric on immigration and other hot-button issues.
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Floodwater released by a recently opened Chinese hydroelectric dam in Cambodia has forced hundreds of families from five villages to abandon their homes in recent weeks, the campaign group International Rivers said on Friday.
The villagers in the northern province of Stung Treng have moved to designated project resettlement sites, the group said in a statement that estimated at least 5,000 people would be displaced.
In Srekor village only 10 families relocated to a resettlement village, while 63 families stayed behind, moving to forested higher ground from where they have witnessed the floodwaters steadily rise since December to reach the roofs of their homes.
“The thriving community of Srekor has become a silent waterworld,” International Rivers said, noting that the village's farms, temple, ancestral graves and fishing grounds had been destroyed.
The 400-megawatt Lower Sesan 2 Dam, a joint venture between China's Hydrolancang International Energy Company and Cambodia's Royal Group, finally began operation in November.
Approximately 75 meters high and 8 kilometers (5 miles) long, the dam has taken years to build and is part of China's hydropower ambitions in the Mekong region and is aimed at generating electricity for Cambodia.
Representatives of the joint consortium could not be reached on Friday for comment.
Environmental rights groups have repeatedly warned that the project would have a costly impact on the Mekong River's fisheries and biodiversity.
Cambodia's Prime Minister Hun Sen has labeled those who have raised concerns about the project “radical”, saying that Cambodia needs to keep up with its rising energy demand.
International Rivers said floodwater levels had risen up to 7 meters since the dam began operation.
Villagers in Srekor described the destruction wrought by the released floodwater.
“Vegetation such as coconuts, mango, jackfruit and pineapple trees are all gone,” villager Sarun Sokhom, 61, told Reuters, adding that approximately 54 homes were submerged.
Another villager, Sut Thoeun, 41, said the water began to rise quickly during the rainy season in December.
Both villagers said that authorities had not provided help to people who had chosen to stay behind.
Stung Treng provincial authority spokesperson Men Kong said the floods were expected and that villagers could still approach authorities about resettlement and compensation.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): A Fort Wayne man convicted in three rape cases was sentenced Friday.
Our partners in news at ABC 21 report Darvon Smith was sentenced to 179 years. Smith was convicted on five counts of rape, three counts of criminal confinement, and one count of habitual offender.
RELATED: Fort Wayne man charged with three rapes
Court documents reveal Smith preyed on sex workers, with victims meeting them at their apartment. All three say Smith pulled out a knife, blocked the doorway, and demanded that they take off their clothes and have sex with him.
Smith previously pleaded guilty to shooting and critically injuring a woman in their home back in 2010. They were sentenced to 10 years in prison with two years probation in that case.
Feb 2(Reuters) - MBK Co Ltd
* Says 5,141 units of its 15th series warrants were exercised into 514,100 shares, by White Knight Investment Limited, on Feb. 2
* The shares exercised for 200 million yen in total
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/ATg6AV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
This year, Montreal-based WowWee Canada Inc. appears to have found the magic formula with Fingerlings, a line of animatronic baby monkeys who respond to touch and sound by blinking, chirping and blowing kisses.
Each year, toymakers hope they've found the perfect balance of technology, whimsy and price to appeal to children and their parents alike, sending their products racing to the top of the coveted “Hot Toy” lists.
MONTREAL—Just like for a Christmas cookie, there's a recipe that goes into the making of a bestselling toy.
As of this past Friday, various colours of Fingerlings made up three of the top five toys on Amazon.ca, and they've been described as one of the hottest toys of the year by Forbes.com, Toys R Us and Target.
They were released earlier this year and quickly sold out in stores, prompting frantic online searches by parents looking to secure one of the colourful 12-centimetre-long plastic toys in time for Christmas.
The product's runaway success is not entirely surprising to WowWee's creative director, Benny Dongarra, who was part of the Montreal team that designed the toy.
They said they always believed it would be a huge hit — but, then again, they believe that of every toy they make.
“It's hard to say, because we've seen that coming with a lot of items, but it actually came to fruition with Fingerlings,” they said in an interview at the company's Montreal headquarters.
While the toys are manufactured in China, they were conceived and designed at the historic red-brick building just south of Montreal's Lachine Canal that serves as office and toy lab.
Fingerlings began with a simple idea from brand manager Sydney Wiseman, who'd been watching videos of a South American breed of monkeys called pygmy marmosets, who are small enough to wrap their arms and legs around a human finger.
“She said, ‘can we make this into a toy?'” Dongarra recalled. “I said, ‘yeah, I think we can do that.'”
There in the office, surrounded by the toy robots and remote-controlled dinosaurs of Christmases past, they began sketching, 3-D modelling and creating the early prototypes of what would become the Fingerling.
Dongarra said the team knew almost from the outset it wanted the toy to be the same size as the marmoset, to cling to the finger of the person holding it and to respond to them through emotion, sound and touch.
“We were sure pretty early on that we had a winner on our hands — well, on our fingers,” they said.
The task of animating the toys fell to people like Anthony Lemire, a mechanical engineer who helped to design the toy's 40 or so sounds and movements.
While WowWee has a long history of designing robotic toys, they say the challenge in this case was to include as many features as possible without surpassing the approximately $20 price tag.
“We want to put as much technology as possible, but not overkill the product,” they said.
Once the prototypes were complete, the process shifted from Montreal to the company's Hong Kong office, which oversees the production and assembly.
They said the total process took about nine months — a quick turnaround Dongarra credits to the company's relatively small size.
They believe the toy's popularity is due to its interactive personality and the fact parents like it, too.
“It's cute, it's lovable, it's at the right price point, and your daughter or son is begging for it,” they said.
The toy's popularity has prompted WowWee to expand the Fingerlings line, which now includes a unicorn and a sloth.
They've also bumped up production in order to get more of the products on the shelves before Christmas.
But their success has also meant having to crack down on counterfeiters after a number of shoppers reported having been fooled into purchasing fakes online.
The company sued 165 counterfeiters earlier this fall, and CEO Richard Yanofsky has said the firm has notified customs officials around the world to try to stop fakes coming from China, where the authentic ones are also made.
Industry expert Michelle Liem says Fingerlings embody many of the current toy trends: they're interactive, extremely cute and affordable enough to become collectibles.
“Now that kids are so used to technology, when you can embed technology into a traditional toy it seems to add another layer,” said Liem, NPD Group's toys director.
They said most of the “must-have” toys in recent years have had an interactive element, but stresses it's impossible to predict with total certainty which ones will capture kids' imagination.
“To be right every time, to predict each one, it's still very hard to know.”
Science's Journey From Data To Truth
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA, ESA and the Hubble Heritage Team NASA, ESA and the Hubble Heritage Team
In an era of "fake news" and "alternative facts," we now face a massive disconnect between what science thinks it understands about the world (i.e. global warming) and what some people want to believe is true.
But how does "science" come to know anything about anything? After all, what is science but a collection of people who call themselves scientists? So isn't it as flawed as everything else people create?
Last week, I had a chance to watch the human side of science in action. I was in Hong Kong at a meeting focused on how stars die. It's an amazing act of hubris to think that we humans, bound to lives that barely last a century, have anything to say about stars and their billion-year lifespans. But there we were, about 60 women and men from every part of the world, arguing over data gathered by stunningly complex machines that watch the skies for us. In those numbers, we thought we could read something about the last gasps of stars like the sun.
I wish everyone could go to a small scientific meeting once in their lives. A whole lot of misconceptions would get dispelled pretty quickly. It's at small meetings like the one I just attended that one can see something remarkable. You can see science decide. You can see it turn.
In high school, we learn about the scientific method and it seems so clear and orderly. First formulate a hypothesis. Then perform an experiment to test the hypothesis. Finally, use the experimental results to keep the hypothesis or throw it away.
But who decides which hypotheses are worth testing? Who decides when an experiment has really dropped-kicked a hypothesis out of the running? The problem with the high-school version of "scientific method" is that it doesn't include people. A robot could be programmed to do it. Most of all, it doesn't include the most critical, people-centric thing that people doing science do.
They argue a lot.
There was a bunch of stuff I thought we knew at the start of my meeting on dying stars. Most important, I thought we were all clear on the role of companions. More than half the stars in sky have siblings. These are binary or trinary groupings of stars that were born together (most are double stars and are therefore called "binaries"). As they orbit each other, the evolution and old age of these sibling stars can be radically altered. Through new data from new, ultra-powerful telescopes, it soon became clear that we were getting a lot wrong about the death of these binary stars. It was kind of stunning. So, how did our little community of scientists respond?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hyosun Kim et al./ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO) Hyosun Kim et al./ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO)
We argued a lot.
We argued about the telescopes. Were they behaving the way we thought they should when they collected light from the distant stars? Then we argued about the data. Had the patterns in the light been analyzed correctly to extract properties of the stars (things like the size of an orbit or the mass of a star)? Finally, we argued about the theories we used to interpret the data. Were we using all the physics we needed to predict the evolution of our dying double stars?
The arguments were sharp and keenly focused. Sometimes they were got heated, too. Scientists are generally well-mannered — but that doesn't mean they're nice. You definitely needed to bring your A-game and stay on your toes if you wanted to play.
But after a week of all this arguing — some during the talks, some over lunch, some walking to dinner — something remarkable had happened. Collectively, our little community of researchers had worked through a lot of our questions. While we didn't answer most these science issues, together we had sorted them out. As a group, we worked out which questions were important to our long-term questions (How do stars like the sun die?) and which ones were phantoms. Working collectively, we had seen things that were individually obscured — and in that way we'd made progress.
The arguing and the give-and-take I saw last week are essentially human, and an essential part of science. But if that were all there was to the process, it wouldn't explain science's extraordinary power to transform the world. We didn't cure polio, build electric power-grids, and send human beings into space by just arguing.
It's the data that lifts the human process of science beyond the confines of humanness. My colleagues at the meeting weren't just arguing with each other. There was another participant at that meeting: Nature was there, too, in the form of those telescopic images and other data. And, as scientists, we all agreed that, ultimately, it's say was absolute.
Science is not a straightforward journey from the data to the "truth." Interpreting that data is hard, requiring the most exhaustive analysis, checking, rechecking and rechecking the rechecks. That's what the arguing was all about. But in the end, it becomes pretty clear when someone is ducking the responsibility to hew close to what the data tells us.
The willingness to let the world have its own say is what makes the process of science more than human. And that, ultimately, is why we have vaccines and power grids, and human beings in orbit. That is, ultimately, where the arguing leads us. That is, ultimately, is why science works.
Adam Frank is a co-founder of the 13.7 blog, an astrophysics professor at the University of Rochester and author of the upcoming book Light of the Stars: Alien Worlds and the Fate of the Earth. Their scientific studies are funded by the National Science Foundation, NASA and the Department of Education. You can keep up with more of what Adam is thinking on Facebook and Twitter: @adamfrank4
Frasier At The Opera: Kelsey Grammer Stars In 'Candide'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ken Howard/Courtesy of the Los Angeles Opera Ken Howard/Courtesy of the Los Angeles Opera
Candide is a show with a classy pedigree. Voltaire wrote the 1759 novella. It became an operetta in 1956 with a libretto by Lillian Hellman, contributions from Dorothy Parker and Richard Wilbur, the noted poet — and some gorgeous music by Leonard Bernstein. The original production lasted just two months on Broadway, but the score is still a popular favorite — and the show has been revived many times over the years, with Stephen Sondheim, Hugh Wheeler, John Mauceri, and Bernstein themselves adding material.
Like the psychiatrist they spent two decades portraying on Frasier and Cheers, Kelsey Grammer loves Bernstein. In this year of the composer's centennial, the Los Angeles Opera has mounted a new production of Candide, starring the Emmy winner in a dual role — as Dr. Pangloss, the bullheaded optimist and subject of much of the story's satire, and as Voltaire himself. While far from their first singing performance, the show is Grammer's first time on the opera stage.
In a conversation with NPR's Scott Simon, Grammer explains how acting and music pulled them out of their childhood shyness, and why personal hardships such as divorce and the early loss of their father and sister ultimately came to brighten their outlook on life.
Click the audio link to hear the full interview with NPR's Scott Simon.
Interview Highlights
On how they came to perform in their first opera
About eight months ago I got a call from the famously charming Placido Domingo, who basically said, "So we'd like you to be with us for this Candide." So it's not a particularly complex set of reasons ... but what was funny was, I've never done an opera. So being the kind of hairpin I am, you know, I just try different things anyway. It seemed very appealing to me to go ahead and just give it a shot.
On their lifelong appreciation of Leonard Bernstein's music
When I was a young man, when I was 6, 7, and 8 years old, I used to go to Leonard Bernstein's concerts for children in New York City, so I have a specific connection with them there. I've always loved their music, but of course in those cases they sort of did a comparative music lesson; basically, during the concerts they would play several different things, even covered the Beatles. They were so affable and, sort of, available — and at the same time, very heady and a musical genius. So they were really at the top of their game and the top of the hierarchy, in terms of the culture world, throughout their career.
To get to know the music on a more intimate level has been a great privilege, by rehearsing it and being involved in it. And Francesca's staging of this piece is pretty terrific. I know that she's cut it liberally, and I imagine Bernstein would probably look to that as a favor in many ways. I mean, more than three hours in the theater under anyone's sort of genius is challenging. I think she's done a hell of a job, and I think they would have applauded it as well.
On their musical background
My mom and dad were musicians, and they met in music school. They didn't have a terrific marriage or a long-lived one, but I did play drums for my dad's band ... when I was 12, and my mom continued to sing and appear in local productions of different musicals and plays throughout my childhood, and it was always something that they loved doing. So I had a background in it. I saw Hello, Dolly! when I was 8 years old.
Web intern Stefanie Fernández contributed to this story.
Hockey World League Semifinals 2017 Schedule: India's Time Table
India begin their HWL Semi-finals campaign on June 15.
by Tushar Varma Preview 14 Jun 2017, 21:02 IST
India will play Pakistan on 18th June
The 2017 Hockey World League (HWL) semi-finals, being held in London, starts from June 15, with the Indian team opening its campaign on Thursday against Scotland.
HWL semi-finals will be very important for Team India, where they are grouped in Pool B along with Canada, Scotland, Netherlands and Pakistan. After the opening match against Scotland, the team will play Canada on June 17, Pakistan on June 18 and the world number four Netherlands on June 20.
HWL, which takes place from 15 to 25 June 2017, will also act as the HWL finals and the World Cup qualifier.
Indian Men's Team have arrived in London on the back of a good learning experience at the Three Nations Invitational tournament held in in Dusseldorf, Germany which concluded on 6th June.
They registered one win and one loss against Belgium and a draw and a loss against the host nation. Prior to this tournament, Team India won the bronze medal at Sultan Azlan Shah Cup as well.
India's group stage fixtures Scotland 15th June Canada 17th June Pakistan 18th June Netherlands 20th June
The game to watch out for would be the hotly-contested match-up between the two neighbouring countries India and Pakistan on the 18th. Both the teams will be hoping to qualify for the Hockey World League final later in 2017 which will be played in Bhubaneswar. India are number six in the World Rankings while Pakistan are placed on the 13th position
India's ace drag-flicker and defender Rupinder Pal Singh and midfielder SK Uthappa have been ruled out of the HWL League Semi-Finals and they will be replaced by defender Jasjit Singh Kular and Sumit respectively.
“With a strong core group who have been working together since February this year, we have several options and I don't see this as a setback for us at all,” said coach Roelant Oltmans ahead of the team's first match.
Also Read: HWL Semi final 2017: India vs Scotland live streaming info, where to watch on TV, squads and team news
Squad
Goalkeepers: Akash Chikte, Vikas Dahiya
Defenders: Pardeep Mor, Kothajit Singh, Surender Kumar, Jasjit Singh Kular, Harmanpreet Singh
Midfielders: Chinglensana Singh, Sumit, Satbir Singh, Sardar Singh, Manpreet Singh, Harjeet Singh
Forwards: Ramandeep Singh, SV Sunil, Talwinder Singh, Mandeep Singh, Akashdeep Singh.
Live Coverage
Team India's matches will be broadcasted on Star Sports 2 and Star Sports 1HD Hindi. All matches have a scheduled start time of 6:30 p.m.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
NEW YORK -- Mets second baseman Neil Walker has injured their left leg, the latest ailment to befall a New York team hampered by a long list of health problems the past two seasons.
Walker tried to bunt for a hit in the third inning Wednesday night against the Chicago Cubs and appeared to have a good chance to beat it out before pulling up lame about halfway down the line. After hobbling a few more steps, they grabbed at their left leg and collapsed to the ground.
Neil Walker is helped off the field by manager Terry Collins and an athletic trainer after hurting their left leg in the third inning. Jason Szenes/EPA
Thrown out at first base but credited with a sacrifice, the switch-hitter eventually got up and walked off the field with a trainer and manager Terry Collins. Lucas Duda entered in the fourth inning at first base, with T.J. Rivera shifting from first to second to replace Walker.
A couple of innings later, the Mets announced Walker has a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday.
In their second season with the Mets, Walker began the night batting .271 with nine homers and 33 RBI.
Walker matched their career high with 23 home runs during a solid 2016 season that ended in late August because of a back injury. They had surgery in September.
Much of the debate around recent religious freedom laws in the U.S. has centered on legislation ostensibly designed to protect the beliefs of conservative Christians that nonetheless directly impacts those who don't share those beliefs. But what about instances where the law protects actions only within the ranks of the faithful, yet those actions (or inactions) are deemed abhorrent by many outside their community?
“No Greater Law” investigates one such case, in which Idaho government officials faced pressure regarding a particular congregation's refusal to treat parishioners' medical issues with anything more than prayer — a religious choice that's resulted in childhood death rates 10 times the state average. Tom Dumican's scrupulously neutral documentary examines a type of conflict likely to become more and more common in a current climate in which evangelical forces are gaining political clout and “separation of church and state” appears to be a value losing its currency.
The Followers of Christ church was founded in the Great Plains states in the mid-19th century. Though its relatively small flock (estimated to be less than 2,000) is now primarily located in Oklahoma and Oregon, the focus here is on a rural Idaho community, as agitation from estranged former members forces local police to investigate — and, ultimately, the state Senate to consider changing existing laws.
More Reviews Tribeca Film Review: 'State Like Sleep'
The applicable statutes provide fairly broad leeway for citizens to cite religious conviction as justification for behaviors that might otherwise be considered neglectful or even abusive. Though Followers congregants appear to embrace other secular and technological aspects of modern life (participation in rodeos, modern commercial livestock-raising methods, hunting with guns, homes with modern conveniences), they cite biblical passages to argue that any application of medical science (even aspirin) to the human body offends God.
Unfortunately, this has led to a great number of deaths from such easily preventable and/or treatable illnesses as pneumonia and food poisoning, as well as an apparent epidemic of birth defects vaguely attributed to “some kind of genetic problem.” One woman (a rare female parishioner heard from here) shrugs: “They're not our children. When God wants them back, there's nothing we can do.” Patriarch Dan Sevy explains “Our goal is eternity,” and that spiritual welfare is far more important to them than the transient physical plane. Regarding outside efforts to impose health protocol on their community, they say, “There's nothing left to America if you don't have control over your own body, and your own children's bodies.”
This logic falls short for Linda Martin and Brian Hoyt, who were raised in the church but fled (or in their case, was kicked out) as youths. Both cite personal experiences of abuse (psychological, occasionally physical) that in this largely sealed-off community never had a chance of reaching authorities' ears. Touring a graveyard in which a third of those buried are children, Martin says, “These kids deserved better than this.” She's particularly persistent in nagging officials to investigate suspicious deaths and remove “religious shields” that allow them to continue.
But many of those officials, from the county coroner to state senators, seem more concerned with protecting the religious freedom of adults than the welfare of children. Not among that camp (though he's a Christian father of three) is Canyon County Sheriff Kieran Donahue, who after a disappointing legislative vote laments, “How many children does it take to die until people say ‘This is not acceptable?'” It's a question American students themselves are raising in response to other dangers in their lives these days.
Though the facts may seem to present an open-and-shut case, the documentary presents things as less simple. While we don't learn a great deal about the Followers' other specific beliefs, or hear from anyone but their adult menfolk (with the exception of the single above-mentioned woman), they don't appear to be fanatics. If anything, their exiled accusers, who have battled traumatic upbringings, seem the more emotion-driven and fragile.
Dumican leaves it up to viewers to decide whether the church members' “right to serve God” as they see fit (and belief that “whatever's not of faith is sin”) is a greater good than preventing often-mortal consequences that Donahue, for one, sees as a public safety issue. Clearly, faith-healing often fails to work — but should that even matter to parents who are certain their child is going to a “better place” anyway? Should outsiders' different priorities be forced on them? Wherever you stand on the relevant issues, this deftly balanced doc provides provocative fodder for debate.
Apart from some brief low-end, hand-held footage when police are called to the site of yet another death, “No Greater Law” takes pains to leaven its somewhat grim subject with graceful packaging. Arthur Mulhern's widescreen cinematography is attentive to the often stark yet spectacular beauty of the Idaho landscapes, while London-based composer Stuart Miller contributes a fine original score for string ensemble.
EATON — Is state testing “racist” and meaningless?
That is a question Preble County Educational Service Center Superintendent Mike Gray brought up during the board meeting on Wednesday, Sept. 27.
The State Report Cards for local schools have been released and Preble County schools did not do well, accoridng to officials. While the ESC does not get a report card, Superintendent Gray did update the board on the matter.
“I gave you a handout. There has been a lot of talk about the report cards and how meaningless they are, I think,” they said. “We're trying to do away, maybe, with the grades. If you look down to the bottom of the page there is a lot of that. Even the third paragraph from the bottom they're talking ‘borderline racist.'
“I think you can ask a lot of the superintendents across the area how many times they have gotten a question about the grade card and most of them will tell you zero.”
In other business:
•ESC Alternative School Principal Brent Short reported next month they will share more information on recently implemented programs.
•According to Preschool Supervisor Debby Barnett, the preschool participation in the Pork Festival parade was a success and something they will continue to do.
“It was great. We did wagons and strollers — some walked and rode their bikes. It was fun. We will do it again for sure, everybody enjoyed it,” they said. “It was great marketing too.”
•The board approved Theresa Haubach as Administrative Sectretary for the 2017-2018 school year.
•The board approved Jamar Hargrove, Greg Ingram, and Sam Nauroth as student workers for the 2017-2018 school year.
The next ESC regular meeting will be held on Wednesday, Oct. 25 at 5:30 p.m.
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler@registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Luis Severino strikes out 11 over seven innings and the Yankees defeat the Astros 5-3 to take the series. (0:57)
NEW YORK -- October came early to the Bronx this week.
While the Houston Astros and New York Yankees are done playing one another for the regular season, the seven games in which they squared off this spring revealed one thing: These teams are very likely to meet again this fall.
Editor's Picks When Yankees staff stumbles, Luis Severino must soar The young ace is the stabilizing force in a rocky rotation. Their next test? Wednesday, as the Bombers eye another series win over the world champs.
Real or not? Jose Ramirez keeps pushing their ceiling higher Already exceeding expectations from their minor league days, the Indians' Jose Ramirez has added a power surge to their ever-improving game.
Sizing up the standings at Memorial Day checkpoint With June almost here, it's time to get serious about how baseball's divisions stack up and who can make a run at the playoffs. 2 Related
The real October can't come soon enough.
"When I look across at that club, I look at them as, they're a really good team," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. "We know that. I certainly think we have their respect, and we know we're a really good team.
"But we also recognize it is only May."
Yes, that's true. For one more day it is. But even if it feels too early for those participating in this matchup to talk about the postseason, the rest of us can get ahead of ourselves.
Everything about this continually evolving Astros-Yankees rivalry feels like it's leading to another playoff meeting. Last season, Houston knocked off New York in the seven-game American League Championship Series to advance to the World Series, which they also would win.
For three nights this week and for four across the end of April and the start of May, the foes met in a sequence of emotional, high-energy and well-pitched games. These meetings felt as close to last year's dramatic postseason contests as games this time of the year can.
At times, particularly late in the games, there was a raucousness inside Yankee Stadium that was reminiscent of what the ballpark showcased earlier this season when the rival Boston Red Sox came to town. As with the Yankees and Astros, there is an anticipation the Red Sox will be in the AL's postseason mix. Houston hosts Boston in a four-game set beginning Thursday.
Luis Severino lets out a howl after striking out Jose Altuve to end the Houston seventh. Brad Penner/USA TODAY Sports
Luis Severino's masterful seven-inning, four-hit, 11-strikeout performance helped culminate the latest Astros-Yankees meeting, as New York earned a 5-3 win Wednesday.
The win, Severino's eighth, gave the Yankees their 10th series victory in 11 tries, and their second series win over the Astros. Overall, the Yankees took five of seven from the defending champions.
"It's good, but you want to take five of seven from everybody, I guess. Maybe even more," Yankees catcher Austin Romine said. "But we're just going out there trying to play good ball, and when we play good ball in what we're trying to do, and stick with our game plans from before the game, good things tend to happen."
Good things happened all night for Severino, who was going up against another quality starting pitcher in Houston's Dallas Keuchel. The crafty lefty entered the game with a 3.39 ERA. While still comparatively low, that ranked fourth among the five starters in Houston's electrifying rotation.
Justin Verlander (1.11), Gerrit Cole (2.05) and Charlie Morton (2.26) have anchored the Astros' major league-best team ERA, which stood at 2.64 entering Wednesday's series finale.
Although Verlander beat the Yankees earlier this week, Morton, like Keuchel, could not.
"It's great to go up against the best and have some success, no question about it," Boone said.
Keep the Yankees in the yard Can you K the Yanks? It's your turn to pitch to Judge, Stanton and Sanchez. Play the game »
The four earned runs Keuchel allowed Wednesday were the most they had given up to the Yankees in their career, matching the four they allowed in Game 5 of last year's ALCS.
Severino found the right balance with their fastball-slider-changeup usage, recording double-digit strikeouts for the third time this season.
Two of those games came against the Astros. In 16 innings against Houston this season, Severino has allowed just two earned runs. In 16 1/3 innings over four starts against the Astros last year, including the playoffs, they gave up 13 runs.
"They always crush me," Severino said earlier this week, reflecting on previous appearances against Houston.
Across the better part of May, Yankees hitters had been crushing opposing pitching. In three-game series at Texas and Kansas City last week alone, the Yankees hit 12 and nine homers, respectively. In each series, they had one game apiece in which they hit four home runs.
Against the Astros' formidable pitching staff, they didn't use the long ball quite as often. Yankees hitters, who are on pace to set a team home run record, had just four homers against Houston this week. They also hit just three in the four-game set in Houston a few weeks ago.
In the postseason, stringing together tough at-bats and having small-ball success could be a difference-maker.
"I know I see it when I look out on the field. I see 1-to-9 guys grinding out at-bats, every single pitch, you've got guys grinding it out," Romine said. "When you've got a team doing that, you're going to chip away at them. They've got really good pitching over there and you have to have that mentality of grinding it away if you're going to beat some of their good guys."
On Wednesday, the Yankees got run-producing contributions from Giancarlo Stanton, Gary Sanchez, Didi Gregorius and Aaron Hicks. That quartet entered the game in a collective 6-for-69 (.087) slump across the first five games of the homestand.
Contributions from unlikely sources often can be key come playoff time.
Only time will tell if this October features an ALCS rematch.
"I don't know if we're going to face them, but if we face them, or we face any team," Severino said, "I'll be ready and my team will be ready to compete."
(Reuters) - India's top aluminium producer Hindalco Industries Ltd reported a 17.7 percent rise in quarterly profit on Friday, helped by higher metal prices.
Profit rose to 3.77 billion rupees ($59.11 million) in the third quarter ended Dec. 31, from 3.21 billion rupees a year earlier. bit.ly/2BNEJRa
Revenue from operations for the company, which also manufactures copper products and fertilisers, rose 11 percent to 110.23 billion rupees.
($1 = 63.7800 rupees)
We all have specific boxes that need to be checked when we are looking for a new house: a particular architectural style, a certain number of bedrooms, a great price point. But when Trulia recently conducted a survey with Harris Interactive , the real-estate site found something surprising about what people really want. "Nearly five in six Americans (84 percent) said the neighborhood would be equally important or more important than the house if they were searching for a new home," reports Trulia.
Location is so imperative that people are willing to give up some of their must-haves to end up in their dream area. Seventy-two percent of those surveyed would forget about a pool, 55 percent would lose a finished basement, and 33 percent would accept less square footage. What matters most to home shoppers is living in a safe place with good schools. According to Trulia, "69 percent would drive through the neighborhood during different times of day to determine if the neighborhood was the right fit for them." Location, location, location —the age-old mantra has never been more true.
Police are investigating a possible shooting overnight.
It happened just before 2 a.m. Thursday on Warner Avenue, just off Lippincott Boulevard in Flint.
It's not clear if anyone was hurt, or if anyone is in custody.
Stay with TV5 as we continue to learn more.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Watching Usain Bolt's 100 metres sprint is an experience for every sports buff, so knowing that this was the last time they were seeing them run was heartbreaking. Bolt is the fastest man on earth and they created history with their record time of 9.58 seconds. Known to be their own toughest competitor, Bolt races only against time and wanted to break their previous 100 m record before retiring. Though they didn't manage to do that, their achievements have definitely immortalised them in the world of athletics. There is no doubt that Usain Bolt will be sorely missed. Here are some of the most iconic moments from their running career.
1 /5 An unforeseen farewell Though the race from last week left many of Bolt's fan speechless, it was an iconic moment in history because it was their last. As the team warmed up and were getting set for the 4X100 m relay, there were other medal presentations that delayed the race; this is what apparently caused the hamstring cramp that led to Bolt's unsuccessful last race. The first fastest record Undoubtedly one of the fastest men on the planet, Bolt still holds the record for 4 of the fastest 100-metre timings, 9.58 seconds being their best. Bolt broke all previous 100 m world records at the World Championships held in Berlin in 2009. The feat continues Usain Bolt is one of the best sprinters the world has ever seen; and after setting the world record for 100 m, they also set a new world record for 200 m. The current unbeaten WR for 200 m is 19.19 seconds which they set at the 2009 Berlin World Championships. A legend is born At the Rio Olympics 2016 Usain Bolt finally fulfilled their long time ‘triple-triple' mission. This is a dream for most track athletes and having achieved that, Bolt officially became an athletic legend. They won 9 gold medals in the 100 m, 200 m and 4X100 m relay at the Beijing Olympics, London Olympics and finally at the Rio Olympics. Bolting on After the unexpected defeat at the London World Championship in the 4×100 m relay and winning the bronze medal (owing to the hamstring pull) in the last individual 100 m of their career, “no regrets' was all Bolt had to say. That's the sign of a true winner. But what really makes them a legend is when one of their biggest competitors, Justin Gatlin, who won the gold medal, bowed before Bolt to pay homage to the athlete after the race.
NOW READ
Tokyo Olympics 2020's official mascot has gone Super Saiyan
9 sporting superstars who've never won an Olympic gold
The hottest women of Brazil show you how to train for the Olympics
WORLD
Two more South Koreans were reported to have been seriously wounded in the deadly van attack in Toronto, Canada, increasing the number of Korean casualties from the suspected terror attack, the foreign ministry said Wednesday.
"Two South Koreans were additionally reported to have been seriously wounded from the latest car rush attack," the ministry said, citing information from the Canadian police.
That brings the number of South Korean casualties to five. Two South Koreans were confirmed dead and one seriously injured in the attack on Monday (Canada time.)
A woman fights back tears at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in their path. (AP)
A white van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk crowded with pedestrians, killing 10 people in total and hurting 14 others.Foreign reports said a 25-year-old man named Alek Minassian was charged on Tuesday with multiple accounts of murder and attempted murder.The motive of the attack has not yet been determined, but they reportedly paid homage to a mass killer on their Facebook account before the attack.The South Korean ministry said 17 other South Koreans were initially reported to have been out of touch following the attack, but the safety of all of them has been confirmed.The South Korean Consulate General in Toronto has requested local police support to identify the casualties and is providing consular service for the victims and their families, according to the ministry. The consulate general will also help the bereaved families make trips to Toronto, it added. (Yonhap)
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is gunning for artificial intelligence that is more intelligent than the human child, a venture that will drastically change the industry going forward.
The MIT Intelligence Quest, or MIT IQ, is an institute-wide initiative to explore more about human intelligence and develop new AI-driven technologies. More than 200 world-leading experts in disciplines like AI, cognitive science, and neuroscience collaborate to bring in a new class of machine intelligence.
Also read: AI could easily make adult film by swapping faces of porn stars
"The MIT Intelligence Quest—MIT IQ—will advance the science and engineering of both human and machine intelligence. It seeks to discover the foundations of human intelligence and drive the development of technological tools that can positively influence virtually every aspect of society," explains MIT in the project's website.
The group says it is taking this project in baby steps, the same way that the machine that grows into intelligence the way a person does--starting from being a child and learning like a child.
From prevention of deaths from cancer to the designing and automation of molecular pathways to make new pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals to deriving from the aggregation of data beyond organization boundaries without infringing privacy, contributors in this endeavor are optimistic that this technological breakthrough will pave the way to the next form of deep learning which will largely benefit most, if not all industries.
"Drawing on MIT's deep strengths and signature values, culture, and history, MIT IQ promises to make important contributions to understanding the nature of intelligence, and to harnessing it to make a better world," says MIT president L. Rafael Reif.
MIT IQ is calling for collaborators who are interested to take part in this endeavour. Check the MIT website for more details.
It's like taking Kohli out of the Indian team, says Graeme Smith on AB de Villiers retirement
Smith also spoke about the influence of AB de Villiers' retirement on South Africa cricket.
Manish Pathak FEATURED WRITER News 30 May 2018, 16:26 IST 503 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
What's the story?
Former South African captain Graeme Smith has finally spoken about the sudden retirement of AB de Villiers from all formats of the game.
"I think AB's thought about it a lot," Smith said during an interview.
The former captain also said that they thought that de Villiers would themselves retire at the end of the 2019 World Cup and that after doing well in South Africa's latest assignments and also looking in great touch in the IPL, this decision was certainly shocking.
The details
Smith also echoed the normal sentiment when they said that people will miss them because they were just a brilliant player and hence everyone wanted to see them keep playing.
However, the former captain said that since the decision has now been made, people should respect it since the player has earned the right to go out on their terms after playing International cricket for 15 years.
Smith was also of the view that this loss will be great for South Africa and they equated it to Virat Kohli calling it a day for India.
"Everyone will say it's a big loss. More than anything the South African team loses an X-factor player, who can single-handedly win you a game," the former captain quipped.
In case you didn't know…
AB de Villiers announced retirement from all forms of the game with immediate effect last week.
Their Test record reads an average of 50.66 and has accumulated 8,765 Test runs.
In 228 ODI matches, de Villiers peeled off 9,577 runs at an average of 53.50 and with a strike rate of 101.09.
What's next?
It will be interesting to see how South Africa cope up with this loss and as Graeme Smith has correctly pointed out, it will be a huge vacuum and the selectors and the team management will have to make sure that their replacement is not expected to yield dividends right from the first game.
Will AB de Villiers' retirement hamper South Africa's World Cup chances? Let us know in the comments below.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Manitowoc Company Inc-
* Manitowoc Company-was awarded fixed-price with economic price adjustment contract spe8ec-17-d-0008 from dla with maximum estimated value of $121.9 million​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract for procurement of commercial type cranes​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract does not require dla to order cranes from manitowoc​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract award is not to be confused with us army type II heavy crane award announced on june 18, 2015​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Steve Young breaks down how Deshaun Watson has been able to be so good for the Texans despite being a rookie. (0:42)
Young: 'Watson has done very little to attribute to losing' (0:42)
HOUSTON -- Over the past two games, rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson not only has given the Houston Texans a passing game they haven't had in a long time, but also has affected the entire team.
Even the head coach.
“Everybody asks me … how do they learn? It's the same thing for me,” Bill O'Brien said. “How am I learning about coaching him? How is [quarterbacks coach] Sean Ryan learning about coaching him? That's the type of guy they are. ... [He's] a very fun guy to coach because there's a lot of good give-and-take in the meeting room.
“I think there's a definite correlation between good players and good coaches.”
In the past two games, the Texans have scored 90 points -- 76 on offense -- in a home rout of the Tennessee Titans and a three-point road loss to the New England Patriots.
Watson not only has improved the passing game but also has made the rest of the team better, boosting the Texans' defense and offensive line. Watson wears defenses down, while their own defense, one of the best in football, is able to rest.
“I think any time that you have a quarterback who performed like they did on Sunday at a pretty high level, it kind of gives everybody a shot in the arm, a little bit of juice, some confidence,” Ryan said.
“He changes the game and gets things moving. Certainly, they did that Sunday, and we have to build on that.”
In directing Houston to wins in two of their three starts, rookie QB Deshaun Watson has been a spark on offense and has helped the defense by keeping it off the field so it can rest more. Tim Warner/Getty Images
Passing game
In 2016, the Texans ran the ball well but struggled through the air with QBs Brock Osweiler and Tom Savage. Watson has played all but nine offensive series for the Texans in 2017. Savage opened the season as the starter but was benched at halftime of the Texans' Week 1 loss to the Jaguars. And Savage replaced the rookie at the end of Houston's 57-14 blowout of Tennessee in Week 4.
Watson is averaging 2.46 points per drive (and 5.3 yards per play) compared to the 0.33 points (and 1.6 yards per play) Savage has generated, according to ESPN Stats & Information. The rookie is averaging 7.1 yards per pass attempt to Savage's 4.8.
“I just know if I get open, he's going to put the ball in the right spot,” wide receiver Bruce Ellington said. “It just makes my job easier when I know the ball's going to be right there if I come out and make a move after the catch.”
Against the Titans, the Texans ran read-option plays with Watson, something wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins said they haven't run since they were at Clemson, and something that NFL defenses rarely see.
“I feel like a rookie,” Hopkins said with a smile. “You have a guy like Deshaun out there that's doing things that I haven't done since I've been in college in that offense, just scrambling with a quarterback that can make plays after the play is considered dead. It's a good feeling just knowing you have a guy that's going to keep plays continued. A guy like Deshaun, it's the same offense, but still, we have to do what they do best.”
In addition to opening up the Texans' offense to new plays and schemes, particularly in the rushing attack, Watson's legs have proved valuable in the passing game by extending plays. The Texans have never had a quarterback as mobile as Watson, particularly compared to Osweiler and Savage.
Watson put that on full display with their 49-yard touchdown run during Houston's Week 2 victory in Cincinnati. It was the longest rushing touchdown by a quarterback in franchise history, and it was improvised: Watson escaped the pocket and made a play.
“Anytime that you have a quarterback that has the ability to make plays outside of the pocket, I definitely think that that adds another dimension to your offense that's hard to defend,” O'Brien said. “Now, teams are going to do different things to keep them in the pocket, and I have a lot of trust and confidence in them that he'll do a good job in that situation, too. Their ability to extend plays has helped us.”
While every play that breaks down doesn't conclude with Watson scrambling to the end zone, many of them end with completions to receivers who are getting used to improvising their routes when the need arises.
“We all make each other better,” Hopkins said. “Him getting the ball where it needs to be. Just getting the ball to their playmakers. They make the whole team better, not just me."
Offensive line
The Texans' offensive line has improved significantly as the season has progressed. Savage was pressured on 60 percent of their snaps to just 39 percent for Watson. Savage has been sacked seven times this season, six of which came in the first half against the Jaguars in Week 1. Watson has been sacked 10 times in 3½ games, four of which came in the second half against Jacksonville.
For Houston's offensive line, Watson's ability to extend plays has given new meaning to the saying, "The play isn't over until the whistle is blown."
“You don't have a time clock in your head. You've got to block, and obviously he's going to be making plays [and] expand the play, so you've got to keep going,” center Nick Martin said.
“All of a sudden, your man might just take off, so you're just going to go chase them and follow them and try to give them as much time as possible.”
Watson's elusiveness can bail out the offensive line.
“He makes people miss,” Martin said. “You mess up, and all of a sudden your guy is there, and somehow, someway they get out of it and makes a big play.”
Defense
The Texans' offense was on the field for 39 minutes, 41 seconds against the Titans en route to scoring 50 of their franchise-record 57 points. Houston's defense played only 41 snaps, the lowest number in the NFL since the Titans hit that mark against the Miami Dolphins in Week 5 last season.
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
The NFL's reigning No. 1 defense probably doesn't need more time than normal to rest between drives on the sideline, but the unit is getting more time.
“It's huge,” defensive coordinator Mike Vrabel said. “Guys were over there looking for exercise bikes to ride. We were running out of bikes to ride and get warmed up. So when our offense can do that, that's amazing."
J.J. Watt led the Texans with 40 snaps played of the Titans' 41 offensive plays; outside linebacker Jadeveon Clowney and inside linebacker Zach Cunningham were next with 78 percent of the snaps.
“Man, it was kind of crazy,” Clowney said. “We usually play in a lot of snaps on defense, but this game we didn't get to play too many snaps. I think I was on the sidelines, like, hollering at the coach one time, like, ‘Man, I'm not on the field enough.' They were like, ‘J.D., nobody's on the field right now.'”
Over the past two games, for the first time in recent memory, the Texans' offense looked like a strength.
“The more that they score, the easier it is for us, and you get some plays off and you get to take a break, have a sip of Gatorade on the sideline and just watch," Watt said.
“I got the best seats in the house.”
City of Menlo Park sets guidelines for fallen leaf removal
Along with the environmental and social benefits of the City of Menlo Park's expansive tree canopy comes the winter task of removing all the fallen leaves.
Every residential and commercial street in the City is swept on a regular schedule. The peak of leaf removal season is from November through February, when all of the streets are swept once per week.
Residents can help the process by not parking on the street during their street sweeping day. The street sweeping day is generally the next business day after trash collection.
Leaves that do not fit in the green compost cart can be spread into a row on the street. The edge of the row should be about 12 inches from the gutter and no higher than 12 inches tall.
To ensure a clean street, do not create leaf piles or place sticks and branches in the street. Leaf piles, sticks and branches cannot be removed by the street sweeper, requiring the operator to stop and sort the debris, delaying leaf removal.
More information about the street sweeping schedule can be found on the City's street sweeping page.
Originally appeared in Menlo Park Updates; used with permission
Photo by Linda Hubbard (c) 2017
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hunan Fangsheng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says it received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Hunan Food and Drug Administration on Jan. 31
* Says the valid period is until Jan. 28, 2023
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/bWGJNc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(123rf)
Korea's culture of upholding meticulous protocol has come into the spotlight since a video featuring a Korean lawmaker's “authoritarian no-look pass” went viral last month.In the clip, Rep. Kim Moo-sung is seen nonchalantly passing their suitcase to an assistant waiting at the airport arrival gate, without even looking to see where the bag will roll. The assistant receives the suitcase and hurriedly removes themselves from the camera frame.The internet buzzed with criticism of Kim, noting their smooth action betrayed how they must treat their subordinates. Reports rolled in of more instances of excessive protocol and comparisons to other countries.“In Korea, if you become an officer in the military, you are awarded a car and a driver,” Rep. Kim Jong-dae posted to Facebook on June 2. “In the US military ... subordinates do not carry bags for those in higher positions, no matter how high in rank they are.”Television shows and reports shed light on the lives of Swedish lawmakers, who have no personal assistants, take the subway and are not protected by parliamentary immunity.“Swedish lawmakers do not consider themselves privileged,” Korean adoptee and Swedish lawmaker Jessica Polfjard said at an interview in Korea in May. “Lawmakers cannot receive presents that exceed 40 euros ($45). We receive only minimum fees for overseas trips, and we have to reimburse a certain amount if we're treated to meals.”In Korea, because of strictly observed hierarchies, secretaries and assistants make a clear distinction in dealing with local higher-ups and those from abroad.“Here, secretaries are expected to pour their heart and soul into caring for their bosses,” according to Lee Joon-eui, CEO of the Korea Followership Center, a training center that offers courses in office protocols such as formal greetings and business etiquette.The difference stems more from a state of mind than physical manners, which are growing increasingly standardized around the world, said Lee, who themselves used to be secretary to a CEO.Global standards exist for car seating, shaking hands, the order in which people are to be introduced, and so on.“But the problem is that Korean authority figures expect personal devotion beyond the professional scope, in private matters.“From the management's perspective, what's more beneficial for an organization is belief and pride in the system, rather than loyalty for one individual,” they said.Protocol, etiquette and formalities were created to ensure safety and facilitate communication, writes Lee Kang-rae, an adjunct professor at Yonsei University, in their book about their time as the Blue House chief of protocol during the Lee Myung-bak administration.According to historian Shin Jung-il, protocol that reflects a mix of military rules, Confucianism and Japanese etiquette entered Korea after the country's liberation from Japan.“The new leaders sought to legitimize their authority, and imposing strict protocol was one way of doing that,” they said.Today, more relaxed protocols are being spotted, reflecting the changing times. The new Moon administration, for example, seems intent on tearing down the practice of excessive formalities.The day after Moon was elected, they refused to be assisted by a bodyguard when taking off their jacket at a luncheon. Moon has also been photographed enjoying coffee breaks with their staff, taking selfies with the public and yielding the road for ambulances to pass by.At last week's ceremony appointing Kim Dong-yeon as the new finance minister, Blue House staff surrounded Kim, clapped and handed them a bouquet of flowers. It had previously been customary to have Blue House staff stand in a single file next to the chief presidential secretary.“There are countries that impose even stricter protocol for important events,” said Kim Sung-cheol, CEO of bodyguard firm MSAT. “But it is always done in a way that does not impede communication between employees and the VIP.”By Rumy Doo (doo@heraldcorp.com)
MiDrive, a U.K. startup that helps you learn to drive with a driving test app and instructor marketplace, has lost Scott Taylor as CEO, after they departed the company last month. He's been replaced by Asher Ismail, who previously joined miDrive as COO in May 2016.
Curiously, the move comes shortly after miDrive has raised £2 million in further funding. The ‘Series A2' round is led by Initial Capital and actually closed late last year.
I also understand it is £1 million less than the startup was seeking to raise as recently as April 2016, according to a pitch deck being passed to potential investors at the time.
Confirming Taylor's departure, Ismail said: “It was Scott's decision to resign and pursue a new opportunity. They did a great job in leading the business in its early stages. We wish them all the best for the future”.
Taylor themselves declined to go on record, aside from issuing TechCrunch the following statement: “I left miDrive as my wife accepted a great opportunity in the U.S. Moving to the U.S. has been a long-term goal for both of us. MiDrive has good momentum having just closed its Series A financing. I think they will continue to do well and I wish them every success in the future”.
I have no reason to doubt that Taylor — who in January made Forbe's 30 Under 30 In Technology for Europe list — resigned from miDrive under their own volition. However, the timing of their departure does feel quite haphazard.
They officially stepped down as a company Director on 6th of January 2017, according to a regulatory filing, and as CEO on 7th of January, according to Ismail — just two days after Taylor emailed me pitching miDrive's Series A2 funding news.
After answering my initial questions regarding the fund raise, I was met with Taylor's Out of Office email reply until the 7th of February when I contacted Ismail instead, who informed me that they had taken over as CEO.
“The biggest thing to note is that miDrive has come a long way since 2014 but has come even further in the last six to eight months,” said Ismail, when I asked them what has changed since we last covered the company. “As with most startups which are a couple of years old, there comes a point where you have to push the business into the next stage and the company has to ‘grow up' and kick on — I feel like this is what we've been doing since the middle of last year”.
The middle of last year — or, specifically, May 2016 — is when Ismail was hired as COO, charged with commercialising and scaling miDrive, which until recently was generating little revenue and making a significant loss. The startup now claims “multiple revenue streams and a multi-million pound run rate”.
“I've spent a lot of my efforts streamlining the business, making sure we have more of a focus and a clear direction for the next three to five years,” Ismail says. “For us, we had to fundamentally shift away from being ‘just a directory' to running as a platform with a clear purpose of helping to raise the expectations and standards of the industry”.
Those changes mean that where miDrive used to have users, who made use of its driving theory app and instructor directory, it now has customers. “We used to be focused on just matching, now we take ownership of the full learning experience… we operate as a platform for instructors and learners by taking payments and gamifying the entire learning experience”.
Meanwhile, miDrive's founding story and list of backers is interesting. The company began life in 2013 as a spin-out of Holiday Extras when an employee, Matt Sutton, came up with the original driving instructor marketplace idea and presented it to their then boss Simon Hagger. The two developed the concept further, and Hagger pitched it to the Holiday Extras board for some seed funding and a small incubation team was set up to launch and test the concept.
Having done so, in early 2014 miDrive raised a £2 million Series A round (which saw Holiday Extras maintaining a majority of ownership) and Scott Taylor was brought on as CEO that April. In late 2016, the company closed a further £2 million led by Initial.
I understand that both Sutton — who also left miDrive this January! — and Hagger remain minor shareholders. As does Taylor via shares they will have accrued in their role as CEO.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Some 377 jobs are to be cut at collapsed British construction company Carillion while 919 positions have been saved, the government's Official Receiver said on Friday.
Those affected will be entitled to claim for statutory redundancy payments, it said.
Carillion, which employs 20,000 in Britain, collapsed on Jan. 15 when its banks halted funding, pushing the 200-year-old business went into compulsory liquidation.
The Official Receiver is part of the UK's Insolvency Service, an executive agency of the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy. (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely)
TRADERS on a Newbury industrial estate have raised fears over the future of their businesses following West Berkshire Council's decision to introduce further parking restrictions.
Businesses in Faraday Road, on the London Road Industrial Estate, say they had not been made aware of the new rules – which require motorists to register by telephone for up to 30 minutes free on-street parking.
The traders have levelled criticism at West Berkshire Council, claiming the move will deter people from parking in the area.
Owner of Paul's Breakfast Bar and Diner, Paul Lucas, said the introduction of parking charges, as well as a new Greggs having opened on London Road, has already seriously affected their trade.
“I'm really struggling to survive at the moment and now they've done this,” they said.
“It feels like the final nail in the coffin for me.
“They just keep doing things like this. The reason they brought in the free 30 minutes was to help local businesses.
“Now they are changing the rules. No-one's going to stop here anymore.”
West Berkshire Council introduced on-street parking charges on the industrial estate in 2014. However, until last weekend, motorists were allowed 30 minutes free parking in the designated bays.
The changes now require those wishing to park for any amount of time to register their vehicle by telephone.
Mr Lucas added: “It's worked for two years like this, so why have they changed the rules?
“Whether I can survive this remains to see. I'm fixed in this location by my street trading consent with West Berkshire Council, so it's not like I can just move.”
West Berkshire Council and developer Faraday Developments Ltd are planning separate redevelopment projects for the area.
West Berkshire Council did not respond to a request from the Newbury Weekly News before going to press.
(Reuters) - Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc fell 4 percent premarket on Friday, as investors were concerned about the company's rising costs and pressure on margins that are weighing on a profitable ad business.
Most analysts believe higher investments by Alphabet to boost its cloud offerings and hardware sales could put pressure on the search engine's margin expansion in fiscal 2018.
“Operating margin and profit dollars fell short of our estimates despite the top line beat given higher contribution from lower margin streams of revenue (hardware),” Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a client note.
The company's total traffic acquisition costs, a measure of how much money the company spends to attract users to its search engine, rose 33 percent in the fourth quarter to $6.45 billion.
Canaccord Genuity analysts said Alphabet's sequential gross margin contraction was the largest in the company's history.
However, some analysts looked past the costs and focused on a strong core ad business as well as positive comments from Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai on its fast-growing cloud computing business.
FILE PHOTO: A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo
Investments are paying off, Pichai said, noting that cloud computing is generating $1 billion in quarterly sales.
Google sells ad space on its search engine, its fast-growing YouTube video streaming service and a network of third-party websites and apps.
Led by such ads, Alphabet generated $110.9 billion in full-year revenue, up 23 percent from 2016 and topping $100 billion for the first time.
But threats from Facebook Inc and Amazon.com Inc loom.
“Amazon has grown its position as the first destination for consumer product searches. This has the potential to cannibalize Google's revenue from retail advertisers,” wrote Scott Devitt, an analyst at Stifel who cut their rating to “hold” from “buy”.
At least 11 brokerages raised their price targets on Alphabet, while two cut their price on the stock. Susquehanna was the most bullish, raising its price target to $1,475.Jefferies analysts said Alphabet is placing the right bets on some very big opportunities such as YouTube/TV, hardware, GCP, Waymo, which will help fuel sustained growth and meaningful share appreciation over time.
I was really excited on Saturday when I received news of the eventual visit of President Muhammadu Buhari's media team to them in London. I had always felt that the exclusion of the media team from the London medical vacation and the various visits practically undermined the Presidential media office, and created the space for the mismanagement of the communication process around and about the President's illness.
I could never have imagined my own boss in our time, travelling without me or shutting me out of any important event. They took my team everywhere. Every President has what is called a Main Body. This comprises their first line of assistants, namely their Chief Security Officer, Aide-de-Camp, Chief Detail, Chief Physician, State Chief of Protocol, Personal Assistant (Luggage), Personal Assistant (Private matters), and of course, the Special Adviser (Media and Publicity)/Official Spokesperson.
Whereas other parts of this body face their own challenges, the major problem that the President's media team often faces is that everyone in the Presidency, and even persons from outside, particularly the na-my-brother-dey-there crowd tend to assume that they know a lot about the media.
They probably have an uncle who once worked as a journalist or newspaper vendor, or they happen to know one or two editors or correspondents, who are perpetually telling them how the media team is not doing what it is supposed to do.
While other parts of the President's Main Body are usually civil servants, the Chief Physician and the Special Adviser (Media) are traditionally political appointees, and they are easily the targets of so many people who want their positions.
My then colleague, the Chief Physician used to complain bitterly about how on many occasions they had to warn self-appointed physicians who used to recommend vitamins and other drugs for the President behind their back. In the corridors of power, the jostling for power, territory, and space could be psychologically crippling and emotionally corrosive.
I recall in particular, how in those days, (indeed, yesterday is beginning to sound like those days!), some persons used to draw attention to how the media is managed in the US White House. After a while, I started asking them: “have you ever worked in this White House, that you talk so eloquently about?”
Now, we have seen a different White House under President Donald Trump, and hence, when I call up “the White House experts”, their only response these days is that “it is not easy.” Of course, no part of Presidential work is easy.
There is also no standard formula for serving a President. No two presidencies are alike in any way.
The nature and character of an executive Presidency is determined by the style/temperament/competence/choices of the individual President and the circumstances of their tenure, and it is these same factors that account for the differences between great, mediocre and bad Presidents. To each category, history is the eventual judge.
Nonetheless, I thought it was wrong to have kept President Buhari's team out of the London trips. The core team should have been there all the time to take photographs, issue statements, if needed, organize video recordings, liaise with local journalists, and manage “inconvenient” journalism and public perception. But what did we have?
The various pictures taken of the President until the visit by their media team, looked like photos taken by quacks. The President was presented as if they were a statue, or at best, as a sick man propped up for photographic effect. Nobody even paid attention to their wardrobe.
I imagined that some characters would have filled the gap left by the absence of the media team, and would have been busy taking pictures with a miserable gadget, not knowing that photos are meant to tell stories and that they are taken with the brain. Whoever was behind that newspaper vendor style of journalism did the President a disservice and was responsible for most of the damage that was done.
The real damage was that Nigerians did not believe the official narrative, they concluded that the pictures were photo-shopped or that they were old pictures and that there was an attempt to hoodwink the public. It didn't help that whoever took those early pictures focused on the President's weak points: their fingers and arms in a poor pose, for example.
But the game changed the day Bayo Omoboriowo accompanied seven governors to London to see the President. With five pictures, the President's official photographer showed them in better light. The photographs presented them as a living being. Every Presidential assistant is as important as the amount of access and empowerment that he/she enjoys.
Many Presidents undermine their media team, as US President Trump has done. I consider the visit to London by President Buhari's media team, a form of rehabilitation, for the team and for the office.
The meaning of that visit was not lost on the team either.
Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on their arrival at the Abuja House, looked like they had been grinning about 100 metres away before they met the President. When the President extended their hands for a handshake, Alhaji Lai Mohammed did a Nigerian version of the Cameroonian Bidoung challenge.
They bowed close to 90 degrees. Even when the President took another person's hand, Lai Mohammed was still busy bowing. When the President praised him, they grinned so much, I thought they were going to prostrate! My brothers, Femi Adesina and Garba Shehu didn't bow, they stayed professional, but I have never seen both former Presidents of the Nigerian Guild of Editors grin so enthusiastically!
Lauretta Onochie was probably the biggest beneficiary of the visit.
Considered by opposition activists a footnote in the Presidency pretending to be a valuable attack dog, their inclusion in that trip has elevated their relevance. They still have a lot to learn on the job though, especially from the masters of the attack dog game in Nigerian politics: the inimitable and talented Femi Fani-Kayode, the grandmaster of this chivalric Order, Doyin Okupe, the senior warden of rebuttals, Lai Mohammed, Ayodele Fayose, Reno Omokri, Lere Olayinka, Deji Adeyanju, and Jude Ndukwe. Given the nature of Nigerian politics, future Nigerian presidents will certainly need the services of these dogged political fighters to complement the officialdom of Presidential spokespersonship.
Lauretta Onochie has a lot to learn from them, albeit they are doing much better than the pathetic play-safe crowd in the Buhari team but the London recognition should further empower them Abike Dabiri-Erewa was also in London, curtseying with both legs and hands; they were described in the reports as Senior Special Assistant on Diaspora Matters, but I guess they were included in the team in their professional right as a seasoned broadcast journalist. Bayo Omoboriowo, the official photographer, was also in attendance and when it was their turn to have a Presidential handshake, they grinned and shook so much they almost staged an Olamide-inspired Wo-challenge. I hope they remembered to inform the President that their wife had just been delivered of twins and that being a father of twins has serious implications in Yorubaland!
Together, the team delivered a professional reportage. Brilliant. Different. Good moment for the Presidency's Media Department. Whereas previous coverage before the Governors' visit showed the President in an unconvincing manner, their media team has managed to show them in a three-dimensional frame.
We saw them sitting, standing, and walking. They shook hands. They talked. Their wardrobe was different. They appeared animated and alive. With that visit, many doubts have been laid to rest through the power of media.
We now know that Buhari can talk. Dirty-minded persons may even stretch the matter and imagine that our President has been engaging in “the other room” skelewu in London. The media team has also managed to establish that medication or not, Buhari remains in charge.  They are still President and they are not incapacitated.
In the kind of system that we run, there cannot be two Presidents at a time. When you have a living and breathing President, be they in Iceland or Antarctica, for whatever reason, they remain the President.
This, thus, creates a special problem for Acting President Yemi Osinbajo. The combined
interpretation of the to-ing and froing to London to visit President Buhari is the impression that whereas Acting President Osinbajo has an office, transmitted to them constitutionally in the light of Section 145 of the 1999 Constitution, they have neither the power nor the authority of that office, or they are not being allowed to enjoy the full benefits of their legal status. This puts Nigeria in a lurch, technically and pragmatically and let no one make any bones about that.
What is worse is the declaration by the media team that the President's return now lies in the hands of their doctors and they are resolved to obey their orders. It is tragic that Nigeria's sovereignty, which resides in part in the office of the President, has been ceded to UK doctors. They alone can determine when Nigeria can have its President back in the homeland. Saddening as that situation is, not even the Queen of England or the British Prime Minister has deemed it necessary to visit President Buhari or seek audience with him.
This egregious insult is well-deserved by Nigeria and other African countries whose leaders embark on medical tourism to Europe, Asia and North America. The intelligence agencies in these countries have all the strategic information on our leaders and country, but we are happy to play third fiddle in global politics. In 2050, Nigeria's population is likely to be over 300 million, with some of the youngest people in the world being Nigerians. If by 2050, we do not have enough good hospitals and medical facilities to take care of our people, we would be a doomed nation.
This is not a task for Buhari's media team. But just as they tried to put out a fire in London, another had already started at home. By the way, a Presidential media department is a Fire Service office and an ambulance operation. There is always another fire next time and victims in need of desperate rescue. In the present instance, a group called “Our-mumu-don-do” group, led by Charly Boy, the self-acclaimed Area Fada of Frustrated Nigerians had begun a protest in Abuja asking President Buhari to resume office or resign.
They were echoing the protests of those who have argued that the Nigerian electorate voted for a President not an absentee one, that they voted in the expectation that their President would stay in office and serve them, and did not expect that the President would become an apparition or a London-based tourist and museum attraction. Charly Boy, 66, went out with their pro-democracy troops, but they were tear-gassed and harassed by the police. They were accused of engaging in unlawful pro-corruption and irresponsible activity that was hijacked by hoodlums.
That of course is stupid talk.
At issue was the right of every Nigerian to protest without being molested, and the right to free speech. When free speech is denied, hate speech is encouraged. It is ironic that the same government that is so concerned about hate speech is the same one promoting it.
Meanwhile, sycophantic speech is encouraged. To counter the Charly Boy group, someone organized a pro-Buhari group, which has been busy dancing around Abuja proclaiming that Buhari will win the 2019 election, denouncing those who want them to resign. I have taken a look at this group and they look like a bunch of hoodlums, every one of them, but they have so far enjoyed police protection and the government is very happy with them. When government gains one thing with one hand, some other characters remove it with another hand. This is the sign of the times.
But there are unresolved questions that will not go away just like that. For how long will the President remain on medical vacation in London, even when the Constitution, the country's basic law, is silent and ambiguous on this score? What is the actual cost of the President's absence in a context that disallows the transfer of power and authority in the presence of an apparently living and said-to-be-capable President who is otherwise indisposed?
I'll not ask that the visits to London be stopped, in case that is part of the doctors' therapy, but it is ridiculous and insensitive that government officials are now visiting the President in medical exile, with some of them posing for photo-ops with their children. Our President should not be turned into a tourist attraction and the Abuja House in London should not become a museum.
Dr Reuben Abati was the former SA Media/Publicity To Ex President Goodluck Jonathan
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOOQ, a South East Asian video streaming platform, has struck a series of strategic partnership deals that expand its content investments in Indonesia.
The company, which is backed by Singtel, Sony Pictures Television and Warner Bros, currently operates in The Philippines, Thailand, India, Indonesia and Singapore. Together they have a population footprint of over 1.7 billion people.
The new and renewed deals are with Indonesian producers and broadcasters MD Pictures, Starvision, Rapi Films, and TBS Films. The HOOQ original theatrical films from the partnr companies will be available exclusively on HOOQ no more than 120 days after their theatrical debut.
HOOQ did not quantify either the number of films flowing from the deal, or its aggregate investment. However it said that customers can look forward to a bolstered catalogue of box office hits including “Danur 2: Maddah,” “Ananta,” “Alaspati,” “Insya Allah Sah 2,” “Bodyguard Ugal-Ugalan,” “DOA” (Doyok Otoy Ali Oncom), “Hanum Rangga,” “Nini Thowok,” “Salah Sasaran,” “Yowis Ben,” “Partikelir,” “Reuni Z” and soon to be released “Milly Mamet,” a spin-off of “Ada Apa Dengan Cinta.” Last year HOOQ was backer of “Marlina The Murderer in Four Acts,” by Indonesian female director Mouly Surya, and which debuted in Cannes' Directors' Fortnight section.
“We are all aware of the evolving habits of content consumption and this is the perfect opportunity to create our very own cinema on HOOQ that is not limited to a short theatrical run,” said Chand Parwez Servia from Starvision.
The platform has recently increased its functionality by introducing sachet pricing, and by carrying a roster of free-to-air channels. Its content offering is expected to be further expanded by HOOQ's first original series production and further deals with content providers.
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks are heading for their worst week in over a year, as a sell-off in small-caps ripples across the broader market amid a perfect storm of events including an executive's suicide, huge corporate losses and a shadow banking squeeze.
Over 40 companies suspended trading on Friday to avoid margin calls, while an increasing number of firms announced share purchase schemes by shareholders, stirring memories of a wild sell-off two years ago, when shares slumped amid fears of an economic slowdown and capital outflows.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index recouped early losses on Friday to edge up 0.2 percent, but was still poised to post a weekly decline of roughly 3 percent, its biggest percentage loss since December 2016.
The blue-chip index CSI300 has tumbled 2.7 percent this week.
At the epicenter is ChiNext, China's Nasdaq-style start-up board. The gauge has lost around 6 percent this week, the worst performance in 21 months.
Investor faith in small caps has been shaken following a wave of profit warnings and an eye-popping $1.8 billion annual loss flagged this week by struggling Leshi Internet, formerly seen as a ChiNext bellwether.
David Dai, general manager of Shanghai Wisdom Investment Co Ltd, said they no longer dares buy small caps amid increasing signs of “bloodbath accounting”, where companies unexpectedly conduct massive write-offs during bad years to wash the books.
“There's a real danger of stepping on the landmines, as companies seem to be able to change their accounting treatment at will,” Dai said.
“Many growth companies nowadays cannot even outgrow bluechips such as Moutai,” they said, referring to the Chinese premium liquor maker that predicted a 58 percent profit surge in 2017.
According to an estimate by GF Securities, combined profit of ChiNext companies dropped 5.5 percent in 2017, compared with 7.8 percent growth at Chinese banks.
Dai also expressed concerns over an upcoming wave of margin calls if share prices fall further, which could tighten liquidity conditions even as regulators expand their campaign to reduce risks in the financial system.
Highlighting the rippling effect, the death of Zhejiang Jindun Fans Co's Chairman Zhou Jiancan this week triggered rumours of a failed investment in Leshi, whose shares have been in a free-fall.
The company said on Thursday that Zhou's death was not related to the alleged Leshi investment.
But it disclosed that nearly all of Zhou's holdings in the company - roughly 26 percent of total shares - are pledged against loans, and that their son will be responsible for dealing with margin calls if they're triggered by further price falls.
In an apparent effort to avoid forced selling, roughly 40 companies, including Shenwu Energy Saving Co and Tainguang Zhongmao Co suspended trading on Friday following share price tumbles.
The growing list of share suspensions echoed those which were seen during the 2015 market crash, which drew criticism from global investors as to whether China was truly commited to free market reforms.
U.S. stock index compiler MSCI has complained that China is an “outlier” in having too many, and too frequent trading halts. It will include China's “A-shares” into its emerging market benchmark starting June.
According to an estimate by Sinolink Securities, as of Jan 31, 1,066 cases of margin calls had been triggered, involving shares in 608 listed firms.
Adding to the selling pressure is Beijing's stepped-up campaign against shadow banking, which is forcing the closure of many wealth management schemes.
And after sharp gains in recent weeks, many investors may be simply taking profits ahead of the long Lunar New Year holidays beginning in mid-February.
“The sell-off in Shenzhen is testing the grit and patience of investors, many of whom will collapse before dawn,” Zhang Mingyu, fund manager of Shanghai JY Investment, wrote in a note to clients.
“But if you manage to wade through the swamp ahead, you can stand up on land.” (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's threatened tariffs on $34 billion of U.S. goods will take effect from the beginning of the day on July 6, a person with knowledge of the plan told Reuters, amid worsening trade tensions between the world's two largest economies.
China's flag flies in front of the New York Stock Exchange before the initial public offering (IPO) of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd under the ticker "BABA" in New York September 19, 2014. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
Washington has said it would implement tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese imports on July 6, and Beijing has vowed to retaliate in kind on the same day.
However, the 12-hour time difference puts Beijing ahead in terms of actually implementing the tariffs.
“Our measures are equal and being equal means that if the U.S. starts on July 6, we start on July 6,” the source told Reuters, who requested anonymity as they were not authorised to speak to media. “The implementation time for all policies starts at midnight.”
China's customs agency did not answer a phone call seeking comment, and its commerce ministry did not reply to a fax requesting comment.
U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to escalate the trade conflict with tariffs on as much as $400 billion in Chinese goods if Beijing retaliates against the U.S. tariffs set to take effect on Friday.
Chinese currency and stock markets have been jittery ahead of Friday's tariff implementation.
The Front Bar team look back at one of the AFL's great modern players, who has announced their retirement.
Jan 21, 2018; Los Angeles, CA, USA; From left, John Stamos and Caitlin McHugh arrive at the 24th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards at the Shrine Auditorium (Photo: Dan MacMedan-USA TODAY NETWORK)
John Stamos and finance/soon-to-be-his-baby's mama Caitlin McHugh are getting married this weekend! That's the good news.
Here comes the bad… :(.
TMZ reports robbers allegedly broke in Caitlin's Beverly Hill's Hotel bungalow yesterday while they were out and took $165,000 in jewelry… on loan… from the Neil Lane Collection. Yeah, Caitlin is responsible for it all!
When John learned of what had happened, they rushed to Caitlin, and the two have spent time this weekend with police, who tell TMZ there were no signs of forced entry.
No suspects yet.
Story developing…
Anthony Tolliver finished with 13 points in 17 minutes in Friday's preseason win over the Hawks. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr., Detroit News)
Detroit — After the Pistons' second preseason game at Little Caesars Arena, there's still an adjustment period from the move from The Palace to the new digs downtown. While there are plenty of empty seats around the arena — with some fans still touring the concourses and partaking in the bars and restaurants — there still isn't the fan energy, even for the preseason.
What the Pistons showed in Friday night's 109-87 win over the Atlanta Hawks is that they're making a quicker adjustment on the court. They turned a five-point halftime lead into a 21-point bulge heading into the fourth quarter and cruised to an easy win.
Here are five takeaways from their lopsided victory:
■ The new normal: It's not the same tentative Stanley Johnson that struggled last year in their second season. Johnson is showing more confidence and poise and improved shot selection in what will be a critical third season. They finished with 10 points but more importantly, he's blending with the starting unit, where they won't necessarily have a big scoring role with the likes of Reggie Jackson, Avery Bradley and Andre Drummond. The 2015 first-round pick has a lot to prove this season, but he'll get the minutes to prove it this year.
■ Youth movement: Henry Ellenson continued their strong play with 16 points, playing extended minutes at power forward. Coach Stan Van Gundy said he's been happy with Ellenson's play in training camp and the first preseason game and Ellenson showed more confidence, with solid production, especially on the defensive end. With Drummond out and Jon Leuer playing center, Van Gundy got creative and used Leuer and Ellenson together, even having Ellenson guard the Hawks' Mike Muscala and Ersan Ilyasova interchangeably.
2017-18 PISTONS SCHEDULE
■ A little Moreland: With the center position thin because of Drummond's absence, Eric Moreland (two points, 13 rebounds) showed they can play more than just a bit part when given some minutes. Moreland was active around the offensive glass and created several second chances with their energy around the basket. On defense, they held their own as well, except for one possession, where they allowed a drive to the basket and guarded their man, but gave up an easy basket in the process. It was a good first performance, showing that they can be another option if Boban Marjanovic doesn't fit a certain matchup.
■ Tolliver effect: Van Gundy commented this week that power forward was the deepest position on the team in camp, where that group played the best and most consistently as a whole. They showed it again Friday, with Anthony Tolliver as the surprise standout. In the first half, they had 11 points in 11 minutes, including a pair of three-point plays. While they figure out which lineups work best, Tolliver is a good option to play at power forward, or as the small forward with Tobias Harris or Leuer. The versatility at that position could be one of the biggest keys to their success this season.
■ The intangibles: Van Gundy wasn't too excited about the uneven halves — good ball movement and defense in the first half that faded in the second half — they reduced the turnovers from 19 on Wednesday to 12 Friday night. Van Gundy tinkered with some additional lineups, which will help sort out some of the rotations as the season progresses. Van Gundy will have to continue to work to pare down the playing rotation but the fact that they have more options has to be encouraging.
rod.beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): A flag Hoisting ceremony Monday was held in the Embassy of Pakistan in Cairo to mark the 70th Independence Anniversary of the country.
Members of Pakistani community in Egypt, other notables, local print
and electronic media persons participated in the event.
Messages of President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan, on the
occasion, were read out.
Addressing the gathering, Ambassador, Mushtaq Ali Shah shed light on
the historical bilateral relations between Pakistan and Egypt.
They congratulated the Pakistani community on their country's 70th
independence anniversary.
On this occasion, the students of the Pakistan International School of
Cairo (PISC) gave a colorful performance of folk dances to the tunes of national songs. Leading daily newspaper ‘Egyptian Gazette' carried special supplements on the occasion.
Later the Ambassador gave interviews to the local print and electronic
media, in which they underlined the strong bonds of fraternity and mutually
beneficial cooperation between Pakistan and Egypt that had steadily grown in the past few years in all domains.
They expressed their confidence that relations between the two countries
would grow further in the years ahead.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's Reliance Communications (RCom) said on Wednesday it expects to complete its asset sale to Reliance Jio Infocomm and Canada's Brookfield in coming weeks, after the bankruptcy appeals court halted insolvency proceedings against the debt-laden company.
A man speaks on their mobile phone as they walk past a closed shop painted with an advertisement of Reliance Communications in Mumbai, January 29, 2018. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
The 181 billion rupee ($2.7 billion) sale of wireless assets will include airwaves and mobile masts to Jio and Brookfield, as RCom, controlled by business person Anil Ambani, aims to prune its debt pile.
Brookfield did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The move follows a settlement with Ericsson for partial payment of dues owed by RCom to the Swedish company.
An appeals tribunal in New Delhi on Wednesday put on hold insolvency proceedings against RCom as part of the settlement and asked it to pay Ericsson 5.5 billion rupees ($81.5 million) by the end of September.
Jio is the telecom venture of Reliance Industries, controlled by India's richest man Mukesh Ambani.
The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) also asked RCom and Ericsson to file an affidavit by June 7 stating they will abide by the settlement.
RCom had filed an appeal with the NCLAT after the National Company Law Tribunal earlier this month admitted an insolvency plea against the company filed by Ericsson.
Ericsson, which signed a seven-year deal in 2014 to operate and manage RCom's nationwide telecom network, was seeking 11.55 billion rupees from the company and two of its subsidiaries.
On Tuesday, RCom said its unit Reliance Infratel had reached a settlement with its minority shareholders in relation to the sale of its tower and fiber assets.
With debt of 457.33 billion rupees at the end of March 2017, RCom is the most-leveraged listed telecoms carrier in India.
Like other established Indian telecoms firms, RCom has been hit by a fierce price war over the last year, especially after the entry of Reliance Jio, which offered free voice and cut-price data plans. It shut its mobile operations late last year.
($1 = 67.4900 Indian rupees)
Mario Batali has abruptly exited as co-host of ABC's “The Chew” amid sexual harassment allegations leveled against the celebrity chef and restaurateur.
The website Eater reported that four women have come forward with allegations of groping and other inappropriate behavior while working for Batali. The allegations stretch back at least two decades.
In a statement, Batali told Eater that they apologized “to the people I have mistreated and hurt.” ABC said it was reviewing the allegations and had asked Batali to step down from “Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from ‘The Chew' while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” an ABC spokesperson said. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Batali also recently inked a deal with Food Network to produce new episodes of their signature cooking series “Molto Mario” for the first time since 2005. Food Network had no immediate comment on the status of that project.
Batali has also been forced to step away from Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group, the restaurant management shingle they run with Joe Bastianich, another TV foodie known for their stint on “MasterChef.” Batali and Bastianich said it would bring in an outside firm to investigate any additional claims that arise.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A lot of companies are working on self-driving cars but the day when we all hurry around in pods without steering wheels is a long way off.
In the meantime, self-driving technology will slowly filter across to cars in piecemeal form, with the Society of Automotive Engineers in 2014 presenting a roadmap of five key levels of capability that we'll pass on the road to fully self-driving cars. It can be confusing, so BMW released a video that explains the differences between the levels with the aid of visuals.
In terms of production cars, we've already passed the first two levels: Level 1 is basic cruise control with automated acceleration and braking, while Level 2 introduces some automated steering into the mix. Importantly, both these levels require full driver attention at all times as their functionality is still very limited.
The next milestone will be Level 3, which BMW expects to introduce on its iNext electric car arriving in 2021. Level 3 means the driver in a set range of situations can let go of the steering wheel and even look away for extended periods, though they have to be ready to take over within seconds which could prove dangerous. Because of this major onus on the driver, many firms are choosing to skip Level 3 and go straight to Level 4.
BMW self-driving technology Enlarge Photo
Level 4 capability is essentially the same as Level 3, with the key difference being the timespan required for the driver to take back control being far longer, think minutes versus seconds. Another important distinguisher of Level 4 capability is that the vehicle is able to bring itself safely to a stop should the driver fail to take back control. For this reason, BMW says a driver in a Level 4 self-driving car could safely fall asleep behind the wheel. BMW is developing Level 4 self-driving technology alongside Level 3 technology but doesn't expect regulations and necessary infrastructure (think detailed maps and communications infrastructure) to be ready until the middle of the next decade.
There are already some Level 4 cars on the road, though. Waymo's self-driving cars are currently at Level 4 capability but limited to where they can drive. Waymo plans to use the technology for the first commercial self-driving taxi service later this year in Phoenix, Arizona. An engineer will still be onboard for monitoring, though.
The final goal is Level 5 capability, where a car can operate without the need of a driver. BMW says this likely won't be ready until the end of the next decade.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service. An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post , a spokesperson for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving ...
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Daikyo Inc
* Says it repurchased 615,200 shares for 1.39 billion yen in total from Jan. 1 to Jan. 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on Oct. 26, 2017
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 849,800 shares for 1.89 billion yen in total as of Jan. 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/Hnw7zu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
A porch light is melted after fireworks sparked a house fire.
Candy Woodall, York Daily Record
YORK, Pa. – Glenn Taylor didn't know what to think when they saw flames shoot through the top of their front door Tuesday night.
A retiree in their 70s, their first instinct was to go get the fire extinguisher in the garage of their York Township, Pennsylvania, home and protect their wife, who is ill.
As they worked to snuff the fire that pushed through their entryway, a neighbor ran over with a garden hose to mitigate the damage Taylor couldn't see: a shrub and front porch in flames.
"If not for the neighbor who came over with the garden hose, it could've been a lot worse," said Nathan Tracey, chief of the Goodwill Fire Co. in York, Pennsylvania.
July 4: Bucs' Jason Pierre-Paul shares graphic photos of their hand for fireworks safety message
July 3: Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires. But where's the 'boom'?
The fire was mostly out by the time firefighters arrived, they said, but not before it consumed a large bush, cracked a window, melted two porch lights and a doorbell, and damaged the front door, soffit and exterior moulding.
All of that damage was caused by the falling remnants of a neighbor's fireworks display, authorities said.
York Area Regional Police are investigating.
Taylor didn't want to comment much, noting that insurers and police are still investigating. Also, they don't think talking about what happened to their home will prompt change.
"The lawmakers made their decision, and we've gotta live with it," they said.
Ivy Street fire A neighbor's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub, melted porch lights and a doorbell, and ruined exterior moulding and soffit. 01 / 08 A neighbor's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub, melted porch lights and a doorbell, and ruined exterior moulding and soffit. 01 / 08
They were referring to a Pennsylvania law signed in October that allows people to buy bigger fireworks that shoot into the air with up to 50 milligrams of explosive material. Previously, the law allowed for only ground-based fireworks and sparklers.
What happened to Taylor's home is one of many reports in the region of fires caused by fireworks.
July 3: Fourth of July warning: These fireworks look like My Little Pony and Pete's Dragon toys
July 3: Dog found covered in blood, urine and feces after fleeing fireworks
"There's definitely concern," Tracey said. "With the change in the law, you might have more users who aren't experienced, which can lead to some dangerous situations."
The law says fireworks need to be 150 feet from a residence. They were less than 70 feet from Taylor's home, authorities said.
No injuries were reported, Tracey said.
Follow Candy Woodall on Twitter: @candynotcandace
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The nation on Monday celebrated the
70th Independence Day with national zeal and solemnity across the
country.
The day began with special prayers in the mosques for unity,
solidarity and prosperity of the country.
An impressive change of the guards ceremony was held at the
mausoleum of Founder of Pakistan Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
A smartly turned out contingent of the Pakistan Naval Academy
assumed the ceremonial guards duty.
President Mamnoon Hussain hoisted the national flag in a
dignified ceremony held here to mark the celebrations of 70th
Independence Day of Pakistan.
The ceremony held at the Jinnah Convention center was attended
by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, Chinese Vice premier Wang
Yang, Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq, Chairman Senate
Raza Rabbani, Chairman Joint Chief of Staff Committee (CJCSC)
General Zubair Mahmood Hayat, Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) General
Qamar Javed Bajwa, Chief of the Air Staff Air Marshal Sohail Aman
and Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah.
Speaking at a ceremony, the president said today, they were
hoisting the national flag to pay tributes to the historic struggle
of the leaders of Independence Movement.
They said it was a time to retrospect over the long history of
construction, development and stability of Pakistan.
Chairman Senate, Mian Raza Rabbani and Speaker National
Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq laid floral wreath at the monument
of martyrs of democracy in Islamabad as part of the Independence
Day celebrations.
Governor Sindh Muhammad Zubair and Chief Minister Syed Murad
Ali Shah attended the flag hoisting ceremony at the Mazar-e-Quaid-e-
Azam in Karachi in connection with the Independence Day
celebrations.
A simple but graceful Change of Guards ceremony was held at
Mazar-e-Iqbal in Lahore, in which Pak Army jawans took over the
guard's duty from Punjab Rangers.
A function in connection with the Independence Day was held
in Peshawar on Monday morning. Chief Minister Pervez Khattak who
was the chief guest on the occasion, hoisted the national flag.
Chief Minister Balochistan Nawab Sana Ullah Khan Zehri and
Speaker Balochistan Assembly Raheela Hameed Khan Durrani hoisted
national flag in the premises of Balochistan Assembly.
Special programmes have been organized in different cities to
celebrate the Independence Day in a befitting manner.
All the major public and private buildings, roads and avenues
have been decorated with illuminations, national flags, portraits of
the national leaders, banners and buntings to give a festive look.
Rawalpindi
The prevailing Seasonal flu outbreak is not Swine flu though they have similar symptoms.
Talking to APP, District Health Officer (DHO) Prevention Dr. Abdul Jabbar said the Influenza A-H1N1 virus has identical symptoms with common cold and seasonal flu which can be fatal if not treated properly.
They said the current epidemic is not uncontrollable or cataclysmic as simple preventive measures can help to overcome the disease.
They said the symptoms are very common like chest pain, breathing problem, high fever, vomiting, diarrhea and persistent flu for three days despite taking proper dose.
They said the patient suffering from Influenza A-H1N1virus should avoid social contact to prevent virus spread and wear a pollution mask while coughing and sneezing. They further said the patient should also properly wash hands and maintain cleanliness in the household.
Jabbar informed that the District Health Authority and Punjab government is strictly monitoring the situation and special flu filtration clinics with adequate staff have been established at all Tehsil Headquarters Hospitals (THQs) and Allied hospitals where the Influenza A-H1N1 patients are being given proper medical treatment.—APP
This is proof it is never too early to start teaching your kids about kindness and compassion.
8 year old Maurice Adams from Georgia has gone viral online after they were caught on camera helping an older woman and their walker go up the stairs.
Story goes they were driving around with their mom when they told them to stop the car so they could help a struggling lady. No one had a clue a stranger by the name of Riley Duncan was recording the whole thing!
Duncan later tracked down Maurice's mom on Facebook and has plans to meet up with them so they can reward the little boy with $100 for that selfless act of kindness!
I was basically my own editor for 25 years at the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. And then the publisher decided they didn't like what they saw.
Fresh Air Weekend: A Former Neo-Nazi Helps Others Disengage; Girls Auto Clinic Owner
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dennis Sevilla/Hachette Book Group Dennis Sevilla/Hachette Book Group
Fresh Air Weekend highlights some of the best interviews and reviews from past weeks, and new program elements specially paced for weekends. Our weekend show emphasizes interviews with writers, filmmakers, actors and musicians, and often includes excerpts from live in-studio concerts. This week:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out: Christian Picciolini spent eight years as a member of a violent, white power skinhead group. They eventually withdrew and co-founded a nonprofit to help extremists disengage.
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn': There was a time when Patrice Banks avoided taking their car in for routine maintenance. Now, she's a trained mechanic, and the owner of a garage that caters to women.
You can listen to the original interviews here:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn'
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Car factories across Germany were at a standstill on Friday as industrial workers staged a third day of 24-hour strikes, focusing on plants owned by Mercedes-Benz (DAIGn.DE), Porsche, Audi (VOWG_p.DE) and BMW (BMWG.DE).
The full-day walkouts, due to end late on Friday, are IG Metall's last warning shot before votes are cast on whether to take extended industrial action that could cost German companies hundreds of millions of euros in lost production.
Both the union and employers have said they are open to resuming talks on Monday, but they have each insisted that the other side must show more willingness to make concessions.
With Europe's largest economy in robust health and unemployment at record lows, the country's biggest union is demanding an 8 percent pay rise over 27 months for 3.9 million workers in the metals and engineering sector.
The union has also asked for workers to be given the right to reduce their weekly hours to 28 from 35 to care for children, elderly or sick relatives, and to be able to return to full time after two years.
Employers have offered a 6.8 percent wage increase, but rejected the demand for shorter hours unless they can also have the flexibility to increase workers' hours when necessary.
They have also dismissed the idea that they should make up some of the pay shortfall for workers who cut their hours.
Half a million workers have taken part in the three days of strikes this week, IG Metall said, hitting production at almost 280 companies including large companies such as Daimler (DAIGn.DE) and Airbus (AIRG.DE) (AIR.PA) but also dozens of smaller suppliers of products used in the production of cars, aircraft and machinery.
Slideshow (9 Images)
The union has targeted the automotive sector in particular.
Germany is home to around 1,000 car and car parts makers, accounting for roughly 10 percent of Europe's biggest economy and relying heavily on a well-oiled supply chain of components.
It was not immediately clear how big the loss of production was for the affected companies.
“Now it is up to the employers to understand the signal we are sending and make a significant improvement to their offer. If the employers are willing to do that, talks can resume on Monday,” IG Metall chief Joerg Hofmann said.
The head of the national employers' association had told German TV station ZDF earlier on Friday that they hoped the conflict could be resolved early next week.
Reiner Hoffmann, head of Germany's association of labor unions, said they expected other unions to follow IG Metall's example and fight for more flexible working hours in upcoming negotiations, according to German weekly Spiegel.
Germany's second-biggest union, Verdi, is expected to publish its wage demand for the public sector on Feb. 8.
Verdi and IG Metall together account for about 15 percent of the German workforce, and other sectors tend to broadly follow their agreements.
($1 = 0.8039 euros)
A file photo of Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal with L-G Anil Baijal. Photo: PTI.
In the much-contested and publicized matter between the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government and the lieutenant governor (L-G) of Delhi, the constitution bench of five judges of the Supreme Court, through three separate judgements, has upheld the claims of the government on a number of grounds among which the democratic principle and federalism have played a dominant role.
From the very beginning of the idea of establishing a constitutional state in India, Indian leaders and later the Constitution makers had always envisaged a democratic India, based on a parliamentary form of government in which people's representatives have a predominant position both in the legislature and the executive. The Constitution achieved that goal by establishing the parliamentary form of government both at the national and state level and incorporated it in the Preamble to the Constitution. The establishment of federalism has not been stated anywhere in the Constitution, including its Preamble, but it is reflected not only in the division of the Union of India and its 29 states but also at the grassroots levels of villages and municipalities. Like democracy, federalism is also one of the unamendable basic features of the Constitution. This background and the existing structure of the Constitution have played a decisive role in the final decision of the court.
Although Delhi is a Union territory and not a state, it has a special position with a legislature elected like that in any state and a council of ministers to aid and advice the L-G in the exercise of powers. The position of the L-G is no better than the position of the governor of a state—except that they can withhold any decision of the council of ministers for the consideration of the President. But such withholding must be the exception and not a matter of course on a day-to-day basis. As Delhi is also the capital of the country this much power of the L-G is well understood just as the governors in the states also have some discretionary powers to withhold the decisions of their council of ministers.
The L-G's power in this regard is narrower than compared to that of the governors who can exercise some powers in their discretion too.
The working of the Constitution depends not only on its provisions but also on an understanding of its goals and ways of realising them. In that context, neither the representatives of the people as legislators and ministers nor the representative of the c entre in the states or Union territories as governors or L-Gs are expected to act in a fashion that makes the Constitution unworkable. In that respect, today's judgement is highly educative for those who work as per the Constitution as well as for every citizen of the country.
Let us hope in all respects the Constitution is operated as smoothly as was expected by it makers which is ideally reflected in today's judgement.
Mahendra Pal Singh is the chair professor at centre for Comparative Law of National Law University, Delhi.  They are the former chairperson of Delhi Judicial Academy and former vice-chancellor of the National University of Juridical Sciences, Kolkata.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn has attacked Donald Trump's response to white supremacist violence, saying their early response to the Charlottesville attack was "not enough."
The President finally condemned racism as evil this afternoon, saying the KKK, white supremacists and neo-Nazis are "criminals and thugs".
But that was after two long days of silence and criticism, during which Trump would only condemn violence "on many sides" at the rally, and refused to answer questions about the far-right and neo-Nazi groups' support for their presidency.
Speaking during a visit to Milton Keynes, Corbyn said the President's initial response was "not enough."
They said: "What happened in Charlottesville was the KKK [Ku Klux Klan] and its supporters, white supremacists, arrived in Charlottesville in order to cause trouble.
"Surely every president of every country in the world... should be able to condemn that."
Mr Corbyn has previously faced criticism for condemning violence "on all sides" in Venezuela.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: PA)
But today, they said there was "no equivalence" between the attack in Charlottesville, which left one dead and 20 injured, and the situation in Venezuela.
Asked if Trump's comments were robust enough earlier in the day, a Number 10 spokesperson said: "What the President says is a matter for him.
"But what we were very clear on, very early on after this tragedy, was we condemn racism, hatred and violence."
Asked if Mrs May was condemning violence on "all sides", the spokesperson replied pointedly: "The PM's been very clear. We condemn racism. We condemn the far right."
That — I'm guessing you remember — was either one of the greatest comebacks in Boston playoff history, or the greatest collapse in Toronto playoff history, depending on your point of view. The Leafs led 4-1 in Game 7 in Boston with less than a period to play and coughed it up, allowing the Bruins to advance, eventually all the way to the Cup final before losing to Chicago.
With teams such as Florida and Detroit far in the rearview mirror as the Atlantic reveals itself to be the NHL's weakest division this season, nobody's likely to catch the Leafs or Bruins. That means they are probably going to face off against each other in the first round when the Stanley Cup tournament begins in April for the first time since 2013.
Sure, the Bruins might still catch the Tampa Bay Lightning for first place in the Atlantic Division. Mathematically, the Leafs could, as well. But the Bolts have been consistently very good all season and seem unlikely, at least at this point, to fall out of first. It's more likely GM Steve Yzerman will make Tampa stronger at the trade deadline and take a hard run at the Stanley Cup.
It seems pretty clear this is where we're headed — another springtime clash between the Maple Leafs and the Boston Bruins.
Despite a lot of doubters, GM Don Sweeney has kept the Bruins competitive since replacing Peter Chiarelli while rebuilding the team with young players. Zdeno Chara, David Krejci, Brad Marchand and Patrice Bergeron still remain from the 2011 championship team and '13 Cup finalists, but youngsters David Pastrnak, Charlie McAvoy, Brandon Carlo and Jake DeBrusk have made the B's faster and more skilful. The roster is filled out with all kinds of virtually unknown players such as Danton Heinen, Tim Schaller, Sean Kuraly, Noel Acciari and Matt Grzelcyk.
Leaf fans rightly feel like their team has advanced a great deal since then, both in terms of the quality of the organization, led by Brendan Shanahan, and in terms of the quality of the team, now built on the sturdy shoulders of burgeoning superstar Auston Matthews. Only a handful of players are left from that '13 playoff disaster — Nazem Kadri, Tyler Bozak, James van Riemsdyk, Leo Komarov, Jake Gardiner — and the organization prefers to feign a case of amnesia when it comes to that series.
The disastrous 2013 trade of Tyler Seguin could have set the Bruins back years, but it hasn't, although if Sweeney could undo that Chiarelli deal Boston might be the Cup favourite this season. In 49 games, the Bruins have generated a winning percentage of .694, behind only the Lightning and the remarkable Vegas Golden Knights. The Leafs' winning percentage is .613, but they trail Boston by three points and the Bruins have four games in hand.
In other words, if the Leafs want Game 7 in their rink this time, they better get to work, starting Saturday night in The Hub.
Both clubs are red hot. Boston's lost one of its last 10, and even without the suspended Marchand handled St. Louis efficiently on Thursday night and pounded 46 shots at Blues goalie Jake Allen, finding all kinds of openings against one of the NHL's better defensive teams. Tuukka Rask is 17-0-2 in their last 19 starts.
The Leafs have won five out of six and four straight, and continue to build a rep as one of the NHL's best road teams despite their youth. Frederik Anderson has made more saves than any other NHL goalie. The Leafs shut out the Islanders and the Rangers this week with a slightly altered lineup that's even faster than the one they were playing with a month ago. Justin Holl has to pinch themselves every day with the week he's having, Travis Dermott might be here to stay, and Kasperi Kapanen's latest attempt to crack the lineup may prove successful. Not so long ago the Leafs wouldn't have dared go into Boston without some muscle, but now fourth-line bruiser Matt Martin can't earn a lineup spot.
Last season, meanwhile, you might have been able to say the Leafs had a brighter future than the Bruins because of all their rookies and high draft picks. But maybe not. Sweeney has aggressively swung deals to restock the team's cupboard of young players, and looks to have done very well in picking McAvoy 14th overall last year and Carlo 37th the year before. McAvoy had a bit of a scare when they had to undergo a heart procedure late last month, but he's back practising.
Pastrnak, inherited by Sweeney, has grown into a point-per-game player. No longer do you look at the Bruins and leave unable to imagine how they'll ever be able to replace the 40-year-old Chara or the 32-year-old Bergeron, both of whom are likely headed to the hall of fame.
Just like the Leafs no longer embrace the truculence program established by Brian Burke, the Bruins aren't focused on trying to be a big, mean team any more. They don't dress a heavyweight or even employ one, remarkable for a team that, starting with the Big Bad Bruins of the 1970s, established a tradition built on toughness. This season, defenceman Kevan Miller, not a particularly nasty customer, leads the team with four fights.
These aren't the days when Pat Quinn walloped Bobby Orr and nearly started a riot, or when Forbes Kennedy tried to fight the entire Boston team, or even the days of not so long ago when the Leafs dressed Colton Orr and Frazer McLaren and the Bruins would counter with Shawn Thornton, Milan Lucic and a host of willing combatants.
These are more peaceful times, and both clubs have adapted. Neither club takes a lot of penalties. The B's still have a little more grind in their game; the Leafs don't hit much and are hard to hit themselves.
Rather than stage a hockey war, the Leafs and Bruins are now more likely to stage a race. The standings would tell you they've chosen the right course, but it'll sure be a different tone than in the past if they meet in this spring's playoffs.
Damien Cox's column usually appears Tuesday and Saturday.
Villanova is the new No. 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost.
The Wildcats (10-0) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State, which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second. They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No. 1 Duke's weekend loss at Boston College.
Wichita State climbed three spots to No. 3, followed by Duke and Arizona State. The Sun Devils (9-0) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No. 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season.
The Jayhawks fell to No. 13 after two losses.
* European shares seen lower * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach them on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fueled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Community Entertainment Svenska Ab :
* SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO ACQUIRE RED RESERVE AB
* ACQUISITION IS FINANCED THROUGH DIRECTED ISSUE OF 3 MILLION SHARES TO SELLER BATTLERIFF GAMING AB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. oil producer Chevron Corp said on Friday its quarterly profit jumped more than seven-fold due to cost cuts and rising crude prices.
The company posted fourth-quarter net income of $3.1 billion, or $1.64 per share, compared to $415 mnillion, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Chevron saw a $2 billion non-cash benefit related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul. Production rose 3 percent to 2.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Mike Wirth became Chevron's chairperson and chief executive on Thursday, replacing the retiring John Watson. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump tried to deflect attention away from the unfolding scandal surrounding one of their chief aides today by claiming the media was engaged in a conspiracy with the FBI and National Security Agency (NSA).
Mike Flynn, who resigned late Monday night, admitted misleading the Vice President over a phone call with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office, during which they discussed sanctions placed on the country in retaliation for their alleged interference in November's election.
And it has since emerged that Flynn was questioned by the FBI in the days following the call.
(Photo: AFP)
If they were found to have misled investigators, as they admit they misled Vice President Pence and others, they could face criminal prosecution.
But in a flurry of tweets sent early this morning, the President claimed news outlets were driven by “blind hatred” in their reporting of disgraced former advisor Mike Flynn, who quit yesterday.
Trump attempted to divert legitimate interest from the unfolding scandal, insisting the real story is “illegal” leaks from the intelligence community to US newspapers, rather than one of their top aides negotiating dispute with a foreign government before they were in office, in apparent breach of the 1799 Logan Act, misleading the President and Vice President and possibly misleading federal investigators.
Tweeting this morning, Trump referenced Bloomberg's Eli Lake, who said on Fox News last night that the NSA and FBI should not “interfere in our politics.”
This is a remarkable about face from the President, who during their campaign urged the FBI to investigate Hillary Clinton 's legal (if ill-advised) use of a private email server.
And they welcomed FBI director James Comey's eleventh-hour intervention in the campaign, with the eventually fruitless - but politically damaging - investigation into emails discovered on the laptop of Clinton aide Huma Abedin.
Secretary Clinton was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing.
Trump also used their well-worn insult of the New York Times, dismissing it as “failing.”
In fact, the New York Times has seen soaring subscription figures, as growth increased tenfold after Trump's election.
WORLD
The statistics show the 10 countries with the lowest fertility rates in 2017.The fertility rate is the average number of children born per woman of child-bearing age in a country.The fertility rate in Singapore was estimated to be at 0.83 children per woman, making it the lowest fertility rate worldwide, according to data released by online statistics company, Statista.South Korea has one of the lowest birthrates of any country in the world this year.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): As many as 748 parliamentarians
have submitted their yearly statements of assets and liabilities of their own, spouses and dependents so far with the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP).
According to an ECP official, so far 85 senators, 233 members of the National Assembly, 202 members of the Punjab Assembly, 104 members of the Sindh Assembly, 74 members of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly and 50 members of Balochistan Assembly had submitted their yearly statements with the ratio of 63.71 percent.
They said that still 419 parliamentarians did not submit their
yearly statements including 17 senators, 106 MNAs, 167 Punjab Assembly members, 64 Sindh Assembly members, 50 KPK Assembly members and 15 Balochistan Assembly members.
They said presently there were total 1,174 parliamentarians
including 104 senators, 342 MNAs, 371 Punjab Assembly members, 168 Sindh Assembly members, 124 KPK Assembly members and 65 Balochistan Assembly members.
They said that still seven seats were lying vacant in Senate,
national and provincial assemblies.
They said the commission had directed the members of the
parliament and provincial assemblies to submit yearly statements of assets and liabilities of their own, spouses and dependents.
The defaulters would be suspended from respective seats of
assemblies as this was a mandatory requirement under Section 42A of the Representation of the People Act, 1976 and Section 25A of the Senate (Election) Act, 1975.
They said the members of the Senate, National Assembly and
provincial assemblies of the Punjab, Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan had been asked to submit with the Election Commission Secretariat yearly statements of assets and liabilities of their own, their spouses and dependents on the prescribed form.
They said the forms were available, free of charge, from the
Election Commission Secretariat, Islamabad and offices of Provincial Election Commissioners in each province.
They added forms had already been sent to the Senate
Secretariat, National Assembly Secretariat and secretariats of all the four provincial assemblies for facility of parliamentarians.
Authorities say a child playing with a lighter caused an apartment fire that displaced more than a dozen families.
"I had to just get them out. The smoke was just so loud in there that I had to get them out quickly and myself,” Beatrice Collier said.
Sunday night, Collier and their family's lives changed in what seemed like an instant as their apartment went up in flames.
Now, their family and at least a dozen of their neighbors are sleeping in a local hotel after losing their homes.
Collier and their boyfriend, Giovonni Jones, lost everything. The couple's five children, ages 7, 5, 3, and a set of 4-month-old twins, escaped the fire with just the clothes on their backs.
“I didn't have shoes, they didn't have any shoes, nothing. I just had to get them out the house. I wasn't thinking about grabbing anything but just them,” Collier said.
Firefighters said the fire started in the bedroom where one of the children was playing with a lighter that caught the bed on fire as their brother slept.
“I believe they were in there playing around and set the bed on fire. They ran in there and told me what they did. I was just concerned with getting them out of the house. I wasn't concerned about why, but just getting them out,” Collier said.
Now, the family of seven is still together and stronger than ever as they know they still have each other, while not forgetting about the other families that have also lost their homes.
"To all the families being affected by this I'm praying for them too and hoping that they can get better and they can get back on their feet as much as we can get back on our feet," Collier said.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Historical dramas and those rooted in real-life events can be among the most challenging to score, but also yield a proportionally high number of Oscar winners. Four such live-action releases are among the most talked-about this awards season.
All the Money in the World
Music by Daniel Pemberton
For Ridley Scott's film about the 1973 kidnapping of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty's grandson, now completing post-production after the last-minute replacement of lead Kevin Spacey by Christopher Plummer, English composer Pemberton made a bold choice: voices of many kinds, from operatic to Italian folk singers.
“Getty sees themselves as this grand figure,” Pemberton explains. “We have medieval voices, which refer back to their belief that they were descended from [Roman emperor] Hadrian; and the more grand operatic music, which was a slight reflection of Rome [where much of the film was shot] but also Getty's own vision of self-identity.”
For the kidnappers, whose world is “grubby, rural, coarse and out in the middle of nowhere,” Pemberton discovered the sound of tenores: “an amazing folk tradition passed down through the generations in rural parts of Italy.” The composer even traveled to Sardinia to record the singers and incorporated the vocals into the score.
Related Mary J. Blige Joins Illustrious Group of Golden Globes Double Music-Acting Nominees Golden Globes: 'All the Money in the World' Lands Three Nominations After Whirlwind Reshoots
Rather than adapt classics, Pemberton composed the grand-opera and medieval-chanting sequences themselves (translating phrases into Italian and Latin, respectively) and had them performed by a 70-piece orchestra and 20-voice choir, plus soloists.
Pemberton expects the music to remain intact despite the last-minute scramble to re-edit the film with new Plummer scenes.
Adds the composer: “If we have to re-score stuff, we'll just go and re-score it.”
Battle of the Sexes
Music by Nicholas Britell
An Oscar nomination for the score to “Moonlight” put Britell on the map in 2016. This year, they tackle a gender battle of another kind: the story of the 1973 tennis match between Billie Jean King (Emma Stone) and Bobby Riggs (Steve Carell). The key to the music of “Battle of the Sexes” was in demonstrating the individual personalities of the rivals.
“Billie Jean's personal theme is this warm, ambient soundscape, these shimmering bells,” Britell says. “Then it evolves so that when you're in the match, you're hearing the same thematic material with a 79-piece symphony orchestra.” Riggs' theme is more of “a smoky kind of jazz ensemble: piano, upright bass, drum kit. I was trying to focus on their own insecurities.”
There is a difference between the Billie Jean piano and the Bobby piano, Britell notes: “Whenever you hear a piano and you see Bobby, it's a small upright. Whenever you hear Billie Jean's, it's a nine-foot Steinway concert grand. There is this beauty and power and conviction to Billie Jean. The Steinway just felt appropriate to them and their mission.”
Britell even recorded the score with vintage microphones. “I processed a lot of the sound with analog tape filters,” they add. “Even if the music isn't overtly ‘70s, we wanted it to have that kind of texture.”
Dunkirk
Music by Hans Zimmer
If there's one thing director Christopher Nolan and composer Zimmer are constantly trying, it's upping the ante with music in their films. To wit: “Inception” and “Interstellar,” where the collaborators demonstrated their affinity for tinkering with concepts of time. On “Dunkirk,” they revisit the approach in soundtracking the evacuation of British forces from northern France in 1940.
It all started with a pocket watch, a favorite of Nolan's, and a recording of its ticking mechanism. Zimmer describes “re-synthesizing” the sound, “rebuilding it electronically so that I could move it in pitch and time,” says the composer with 10 Oscar noms and one win. “We wanted you to feel that sense of time running out, and how, under pressure, you can feel time differently.”
Nolan told Zimmer they didn't want the score to be emotional, but rather “objective.” Indeed, throughout the film, Zimmer's music grinds and chugs and whirs and bangs away. They worked closely with supervising sound editor Richard King so that music and sound effects would intertwine completely, as boat did with sand on those bloody Channel shores. Adds Zimmer: “We made all those sounds electronically. I don't mean sampling, but literally sitting there in front of a synthesizer and creating new sounds. … It's really an electronic score.”
Other than the Edward Elgar instrumental, Zimmer notes of Nolan's much later brainstorm involved using the “Nimrod” from Edward Elgar's 1899 “Enigma Variations,” which they and fellow composer Benjamin Wallfisch slowed down, deconstructed and hinted at periodically before playing it in recognizable form at the end. “That music means something about honor that you can't put into words. It allowed you a sense of humanity.”
The composer delivered a 100-minute score before shooting began, then wound up spending seven months “struggling with the technology and mathematics of it all” — not least of which was the musical application of the so-called Shepard tone, an audio illusion of constantly ascending pitches that helps ratchet up the tension. Adds Zimmer: “This was the hardest thing I've ever done.”
Mudbound
Music by Tamar-kali
First-time feature composer Tamar-kali received guidance from “Mudbound” director Dee Rees in the form of three words: “ancestors” and “dark strings.” Rees' aim, says the Brooklyn-born singer-songwriter of the drama set in Jim Crow-era Mississippi, was “a very intimate score that was not sentimental. They wanted the music to be indicative of the physical environment. So in addition to underscoring the personalities of the characters, I'm also scoring the personality of the farm. That's why there are deep tones and sounds that are essentially a representation of the mud.”
It's an especially stark work of music, with just eight string players and Tamar-kali overdubbing themselves on vocals during the opening grave-digging scene. “There's this underlying sense of impending danger, and misery,” they say. “There's also the monotony of living in that environment and what that entails. I was trying to give voice to that.”
Tamar-kali wrote the nearly 40-minute score in four weeks late last year, and hopes to do more films. “I've always been inspired across disciplines.”
The Ministry of Food Processing Industriesis implementing a number of Central Sector Schemes for promotion and development of food processing sector in the country since 12th Plan.
The major achievements of the Ministry during 2016 are as under:-
Government has allowed 100% FDI for trading including through e-commerce, in respect of food products manufactured or produced in India. 100% FDI is already permitted in manufacturing of food products through automatic route. This will provide impetus to the foreign investment in food processing sector, benefit farmers immensely and will create vast employment opportunities.
The following additional fiscal concessions have been granted for boosting the investment in the food processing sector :
Reduction in Excise Duty on Refrigerated Containers from 12.5% to 6%. Reduction in Basic Custom Duty on Refrigerated Containers from 10% to 5%. 5% Basic Customs Duty as presently available under project imports for cold storage, cold room also extended for Cold Chain including pre-cooling unit, pack house, sorting and grading lines and ripening chambers.
Under the Scheme of Mega Food Parks:
The Indus Mega Food Park, Khargone (Madhya Pradesh); Jharkhand Mega Food Park Ranchi (Jharkhand), and Jangipur Bengal Mega Food Park, Murshidabad(West Bengal) were made operational and inaugurated. Foundation Stone of Punjab Agro Industries Corporation (PAIC) Mega Food Park Project in Ludhiana was laid. As such, 8 Mega Food Parks have been made operational so far. A Mega Food Park is likely to benefit about 25000-30000 farmers apart from creating employment for 5000-6000 persons, especially in rural areas. The Mega Food Park projects at Satara (Maharashtra), Ajmer (Rajasthan), Rayagada (Odisha) and Agartala (Tripura) are at advanced stage for operationalisation by the end of current financial year. NABARD has sanctioned term loan of Rs. 427.69 Crore to 10 Mega Food Park projects and 2 processing units under ‘Food Processing Fund' of Rs. 2000 Crore and out of this an amount of Rs. 81.10 Crore has been disbursed.The Ministry has notified 157 designated food parks in different States for the purpose of availing affordable credit from special fund with NABARD.
Under the Scheme of Integrated Cold Chain and Value Addition Infrastructure:
20 projects have been operationalised in 2016. With their operationalisation, Ministry has created an additional capacity of 0.63 lakh metric tonnes of cold storage, 15 metric tonnes per hour of individual Quick Freezing (IQF), 10.65 lakh litres per day of Milk of processing/ storage and 99 reefer vans during 2016. During last two and half years, 54 Integrated Cold Chain projects have been made operational taking the total number of Cold Chain projects to 91. The Ministry has so far assisted 135 Cold Chain projects having a capacity of 3.67 lakh metric tones of cold storage, 94.29 metric tones per hour of individual Quick Freezing (IQF) 37.93 lakh litres per day of Milk processing/ storage and 549 reefer vans. The guidelines of Scheme have been revised on the basis of feedback and experience of this Ministry to make them investor friendly. On an average, each cold chain project benefits to around 500 farmers in fruits and vegetables sector and around 5000 farmers in dairy sector and creates employment for 100 persons.
Ministry has invited EOIs to fill up vacant slots of Mega Food parks and Cold Chain projects. The Ministry has received 54 proposals against 8 vacant slots of Mega Food Parks and 308 proposals for 100 Cold Chain projects which stand testimony to the increasing interest of the investors in this sector.
Under the Scheme of Setting up/ Modernization of Abattoirs, one project at Panji(Goa) has been operationalised.
During the year, 10 Food Testing Labs have been completed.
FSSAI has simplified product approval:
approved a large number of new Additives harmonized with the International Codex Standards. notified an amendment to the regulations as a result of which non-standardized food products called proprietary foods (except novel food and nutra-ceuticals) that use ingredients and additives approved in the regulations will no longer require product approval. This has provided considerable relief to the industry.
A web-based on-line system has been operationalised for processing claims for release of grants-in-aid under the Schemes of Mega Food Parks and the Integrated Cold Chain and Value Addition Infrastructure.
The National Institute of Food Technology, Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM) at Kundli, Sonepat, Haryana and Indian Institute of Crop Processing Technology (IICPT) at Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu are being developed by the Government as the Centres of Excellence. The pass-outs of these institutes have got 100% placements.
The Ministry is also taking steps to implement a new scheme namely Scheme for Agro-Marine produce Processing and Development of Agro-clusters (SAMPADA) for overall development of food processing sector, for providing enabling infrastructure, expanding processing and preservation capacities, controlled temperature logistics and backward and forward linkages, with an allocation of Rs.6000 Crore for a period co-terminus with 14th Finance Commission.
Source: Biometric kits testing to start – NewsDay Zimbabwe April 17, 2017
THE Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (Zec) says it plans to conduct site validation tests for Biometric Voter Registration (BVR) kits for the first shortlisted companies from April 20 to 26 before government purchases the most suitable equipment.
BY BLESSED MHLANGA
Zec in a letter dated April 11 this year, invited all stakeholders including political parties and civil society, to observe the process.
“The validation test is part of the procurement process aimed at testing conformity of the kit to specifications, durability and suitability. In view of the important role stakeholders play in the entire electoral process, the commission is inviting you to be part of this process as an observer,” part of the letter read.
Opposition parties affiliated to the National Elections Reform Agenda (Nera) said they had hired international experts to observe the equipment and the process to ensure they were in conformity with international best practices.
“We expected these short notices from ZEC, therefore technical experts were ready. We now have to fight to make sure they are accredited by the 19th of April 2017 and can attend. Let's keep the fight going, victory is certain as long as we keep fighting,” Nera said in a statement.
Nera members have accused the Zanu PF government of hijacking the procurement of BVR kits in order to manipulate the voter registration process and election results.
United Nations agencies had initially offered to procure the kits on behalf of the government before the Zanu PF regime made a U-turn and snubbed the offer under unclear circumstances.
Government is now expected to raise at least $17 million for the BVR kits.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of Islamic Republic
of Pakistan was observed on Monday in parts of Balochistan with national fervour and
solemnity.
The day began with special prayers in the mosques for unity, solidarity
and prosperity of the country.
21-gun salute was presented after the Fajar prayer to mark the day in
the provincial capital.
The principal ceremony was held at the “Sabzazar” of the Balochistan
Assembly which was attended by Chief Minister (CM) Balochistan Nawab Sana Ullah Khan
Zehri and Speaker Balochistan Assembly Raheela Hameed Khan Durrani.
The CM along with Speaker Balochistan Assembly hoisted national flag in
the premises of Balochistan Assembly.
Lieutenant General Aamir Raiz, Commander Southern Command and other
security forces officials attended the national flag hoisting ceremony.
Provincial ministers including former CM Balochistan, Dr Abdul Malik, Nawab
Muhammad Khan Shahwani, Mir Asim Kurd Gailu, Mujeebur Rehman Muhammad Hassani,
Abdul Reheem Ziaratwal, Dr Hamid Khan Achakzai and senior civil officials were also
present on the occasion.
Addressing at a ceremony, the CM said that once again terrorist attacked
on security forces and citizens in Quetta for disrupting the celebrations of 70th
Independence Day of Pakistan.
They presented their salutation to the cops of security forces and
citizens who had been martyred two days back in a suicide terror attack.
They appreciated the security forces' role who were playing important
role across the province in order to maintain peace.
They said that cowardly attack did not weak our commitments but these kind
of activities more strengthen the unity of a nation.
“China-Pak Economic Corridor (CPEC) and other ongoing projects will remove prolong
deprivation of the province and will bring prosperity in the region”, they added.
They said that provincial government were taking solid measures to protect life of citizens
and property in the province.
They said “we have political disagreement but we all celebrated 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan as one platform with zeal and enthusiasm.
They reiterated “we put Balochistan on the way of development within
limited resources and short time”.
They also thanked former Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif who had
taken practical measures for progress of the province.
On the occasion, they announced Rs 5 lakh for the students of various schools who
presented national songs and plays in connection with the Independence Day, despite Rs
5 lakh was announced for Service and General Administration (S&GAD) of government
departments including Police, FC, Education, Sports and various public and private
organisations, schools that had also arranged seminars, conferences, exhibitions and
tableaus to celebrate the day with national spirit.
Different ceremonies were also held in connection with the Independence
Day in respective parts of the province including Quetta, Pishin, Mastung, Khuzdar, Kalat,
Nushki, Kharan, Chaghi, Turbat, Panjgur, Jaffarabad, Nasriabad, Sibi and other areas.
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Gold prices declined on Friday as the U.S. dollar ticked up against the euro after U.S. jobs data showed a robust rise in jobs and wages and 10-year U.S. Treasury yields peaked.
Non-farm payrolls rose by 200,000 jobs in January, the U.S. Labor Department said, beating expectation of 180,000 and their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years. Average hourly earnings rose and boosted the year-on-year increase to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009.
“The hawkish reading of the data is proving to be a trigger point for more downside pressure in gold in the short-term,” said Suki Cooper, precious metals analyst at Standard Chartered Bank.
Spot gold dropped 1 percent at $1,335.26 an ounce by 1:34 p.m. EST (1834 GMT), while U.S. gold futures for April delivery settled down $10.60, or 0.8 percent, at $1,337.30.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields extended their rise to more than 2.8 percent reaching a 4-year high after the U.S. jobs data was released.
“The fact that it's gone up that fast that quick could force the Fed to act more aggressively before the March meeting if the 10-year gets to three percent,” said Bob Haberkorn, senior market strategist at RJO Futures.
Higher interest rates make gold less attractive to investors because it does not pay interest.
The Fed held interest rates unchanged after its latest policy meeting this week but raised its inflation outlook and flagged “further gradual” rate increases.
Gold is set to end this week 1.1 percent lower, after rising in six out of the last seven weeks and hitting its highest in 17 months last week at $1,366.07.
On the wider markets, world stocks were set to post their biggest weekly drop since late 2016 as talk of central bank policy tightening and expectations of higher inflation boosted borrowing costs globally. [MKTS/GLOB]
Holding gold offers a degree of insurance if the broader market suffers a correction, ScotiaMocatta said in a monthly report this week. “Record-setting global equities may well start to wobble if inflation starts to pick up, or if bond yields/interest rates continue to rise,” it said.
Silver dropped 2.9 percent at $16.73 an ounce after hitting $16.66, its lowest since Dec. 28. It was poised for a 3.8 percent weekly decline.
Platinum declined 1.2 percent at $993.50 per ounce, on track for a 1.6 percent weekly drop.
Palladium rose 0.6 percent at $1,043.50 per ounce.
After hitting record highs this month, palladium is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September, down 4.2 percent.
An English ten Pound note is seen in an illustration taken March 16, 2016.
LONDON (Reuters) - British employers expect to raise pay only minimally over the next 12 months despite hiring more staff, a survey showed, suggesting the Bank of England is unlikely to come under much pressure to raise interest rates from their record low.
The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development said employers predicted their pay increases would average 1 percent despite more of them expecting to increase staff levels than in its previous survey three months ago.
"Predictions of pay growth increasing alongside strong employment growth is the dog that hasn't barked for some time now," said Gerwyn Davies, CIPD's senior labor market analyst.
While private-sector employers expect to raise pay by an average 2 percent, the median pay rise was dragged down by public-sector employers and charities which plan to offer pay rises of 1 percent and 1.4 percent respectively.
The BoE is watching pay closely as it gauges whether to raise rates. It had expected wages to start rising more quickly as employment picked up, but this has failed to materialize despite a record-high number of people in work.
Pay increases of 1 percent would lag further behind inflation which is likely to rise to around 3 percent later this year, tightening the squeeze on household budgets.
The CIPD said the weak outlook for pay was partly due to increases in migration from the European Union and the number of people looking for work over the past year.
Respondents also cited uncertainty over Brexit, a higher minimum wage and costs related to the introduction of automatic pension enrolment as weighing on their pay decisions.
The CIPD also said employers became more pessimistic over the past six months as the economy slowed.
This chimed with a survey published on Monday by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, which found business confidence reversed the gains it made in the second quarter of the year as companies worried about the lack of clarity about Britain's exit from the EU.
The ICAEW's index fell from a reading of 6.7 for April to June, to -8 for the three months from July - similar to the levels seen at the start of the year.
Matthew Rideout, ICAEW's director of business, said this was due to the uncertainty around Brexit and the outcome of June's national election when Prime Minister Theresa May lost their parliamentary majority.
"Businesses cannot see through this haze of uncertainty and are struggling to look further than the end of the next quarter in terms of their decision making," they said.
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The UN's top court on Friday sided largely with Costa Rica in a decade-old border dispute, ordering Nicaragua to remove a military camp from disputed territory.
Judges at the International Court of Justice found that Nicaragua had violated Costa Rica's sovereignty.
Five UK public pension funds have put £100m into residential housing, as interest in the sector from institutional investors heats up.
The pension funds for councils in Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Staffordshire, Teesside and the West Midlands are putting the cash with specialist property manager Hearthstone, acting as cornerstone investors for its latest residential property fund.
The...
Only a few years ago, Opera Max was the rising star in the browser maker's portfolio. The service offered a system-wide data-saving proxy that funnelled all app data through Opera's servers to compress images and videos. Now, however, Max is heading for the deadpool. The company, which is now owned by a consortium of Chinese firms, today announced that it will shut down Max.
“Opera has now decided to discontinue Opera Max. The product had a substantially different value proposition than our browser products, and represented a different focus for Opera,” the company writes in its announcement. “We, therefore, focus on our browsers and other upcoming services.”
Opera did not provide any further reasoning for this move, though we've reached out to the company for a more detailed comment.
With more than 500,000 installs, Max was a popular service — and it gave Opera quite a bit of insight into how people used their phones (though given that its advertising arm wasn't part of the sale, the company may not be interested in this data anymore).
It'll be interesting to see what this means for a service like Opera VPN, though. While both Opera Max and VPN offered somewhat similar functionality, their emphasis was quite different and if the company decided that Max isn't at the core of its strategy anymore, then Opera VPN could be heading to an untimely end, too.
Max has now been delisted from the Google Play Store; while users who have already installed the app will be able to use it for a while longer, the servers that power it will likely go offline in the near future.
Their love of aviation and history have led Retired USAF Colonels Blake and Sandy Thomas to build replicas of World War I aircraft. Last year at SUN 'n FUN, they brought the replica they built of a 1917 Nieuport-28. This year, they brought a replica 1915 Sopwith Schneider they built in 2012.
It took them 688 hours to build it from the kit designed by Robert Baslee of Airdrome Aeroplanes. Baslee's company built the planes used in the movies “Fly Boys,” “Amelia,” and “Game of Aces.”
If you haven't heard of the Sopwith Schneider before, it's understandable. The U.S. had only one of them in use during World War I and it was on floats.
Blake and Sandy dove deep into research on this early warbird.
“Tom Sopwith loved yachts and seaplanes. The Sopwith Tabloid was built as a racing seaplane. In 1914, they modified it and won the Schneider Air Race in Monaco. They then called the modified version the Schneider,” Blake said.
“After the war began, it was used as a scout plane for reconnaissance. Because they didn't have radios, they'd fly over enemy positions and report back what they saw,” they said. “They also carried handguns and steel darts with a charge in them. They used these steel darts on enemy airships and balloons.”
Blake reports there were 136 built during World War I and they were used by the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Naval Service. The U.S. bought one and it was stationed in Pensacola.
“There are two of these in museums in England and they're replicas because the planes were all destroyed during the war,” they added.
Eventually, the warplanes were armed with a Lewis machine gun, bombs, or steel darts, according to Blake.
“The gun mounted on the side would shoot through the propeller, which had a metal deflector on it. Occasionally, the bullets would break into fragments and ricochet back at the pilot,” they said. “You can imagine it's the worst case of friendly fire.”
The gun mounted on Blake and Sandy's aircraft is a replica that was used in movies to match the look of the real gun, which shot 7.7 mm or 303 bullets.
Blake and Sandy's Sopwith Schneider (N394FF) has 50 hours on it. It has no windshield and no floats.
It has side-by-side seating for two and there are two antique instruments on the panel — a compass and an altimeter. The plane has a 39-mph stall speed and though the original had no brakes, they installed mechanical brakes.
Sandy hand painted the concentric circles on the wings and fuselage.
“Originally, it had a VW engine, but it would overheat,” Blake said, “so we put a Lycoming O-320 in it.”
“Uncle Sam's hat in the ring painted on the side of the aircraft represents the pre-World War I status. After we entered the war, the hat was turned upside down, like you would throw a hat, to show that we were joining the fight,” said Blake.
Blake and Sandy plan to fly the aircraft to the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I in Dayton, Ohio. The WWI Dawn Patrol Rendezvous will be held Sept. 22-23 at Wright Patterson Air Force Base. Sandy and Blake will wear re-enactor's garb — a fighter pilot uniform for Blake and a volunteer driver uniform for Sandy.
After building an RV-7, a replica 1917 Nieuport-28, a 1915 Sopwith Schneider, and restoring a WWII jeep, what will their next project be?
“Our next airplane will be a '43 Stearman,” Sandy reported.
Making women like your technology starts with listening to the women working on it. That's not what former VP of marketing at Magic Leap Tannen Campbell says they experienced while on the job.
Campbell was brought in by the company to help improve Magic Leap's appeal to women but they are now suing the augmented reality startup for sexual discrimination.
In a lawsuit filed in the southern district court of Florida, Campbell alleges company CEO Rony Abovitz brought them in to solve the company's “pink/blue problem,” referring to the disproportionate ratio of men to women in leadership positions at Magic Leap.
However, Campbell claims it was an uphill battle to change a company culture of misogyny and that leadership blocked their efforts to make changes more friendly to women. According to the complaint, they tried for seven months to get Abovitz to attend a presentation on gender diversity that included proposed changes to make the startup a more friendly environment. But, says the suit, the CEO walked out halfway through the meeting after finally listening to the presentation.
Campbell says they also proposed a mentorship program pairing men and women together, increasing paternity leave to show Magic Leap valued child-rearing as both a male and female role, tying diversity to bonuses and implementing unconscious-bias training — all of which the suit says were ignored by senior executives at the startup.
Campbell was later fired for what they allege was a challenge to Abovitz to “acknowledge the depths of misogyny in Magic Leap's culture and take steps to correct a gender imbalance that negatively affects the company's core culture and renders it so dysfunctional it continues to delay the launch of a product that attracted billions of investment dollars,” according to the suit.
Magic Leap has raised $1.39 billion, including from well-known investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins, Google, JPMorgan, Fidelity and Alibaba and promises to mix the line between the real and augmented world. The company website shows a giant whale jumping out of basketball court, for instance.
SCOOP!!! This is the FIRST PUBLIC PHOTO of MAGIC LEAP https://t.co/6hPEMe6eCg pic.twitter.com/oWKBJvKmza — Alternative Dave (@redletterdave) February 11, 2017
Though doubts about the product continue to plague the startup. Just this month, Magic Leap finally revealed a first look at its hardware, causing many to joke that it looked like a backpack or a leaf blower.
And though sexual discrimination lawsuits are often hard to win, the lawsuit is just another chink in the billion-dollar startup's virtual exterior.
We've reached out to both Campbell and Magic Leap for more on this case but have so far not heard back. We'll be sure to update you when we do.
Featured Image: agsandrew/Shutterstock
FORT COLLINS, Colo. — Caleb Martin had 26 points, Lindsey Drew added 16 and eight rebounds and Nevada turned back Colorado State 76-67 on Saturday night to put the finishing touches on a rough day for the Rams.
Colorado State lost its sixth straight on a day that head coach Larry Eustachy was put on administrative leave over questions about their conduct.
Kendall Stephens added 15 points for the Wolf Pack (20-4, 9-1 Mountain West Conference), who struggled to find their shooting touch from the field, but connected on 26 of 32 free throws.
Che Bob and Anthony Bonner paced the Rams (10-15, 3-9) with 13 points each, while Deion James added 12 points and eight rebounds.
About half of workers in the construction and property sector were not spared some pay adjustments either. Among those who saw changes in their salaries, a significant number (24 per cent - also one of the highest) received pay cuts. Those who were granted salary increases mostly enjoyed 5 to 10 per cent rise.
As the city of Flint continues to deal with the crippling water crisis, hundreds of families will soon get some help from a big star.
While performing at the Palace of Auburn Hills this weekend, Bruno Mars announced they are donating $1 million to help with the ongoing crisis.
"Tonight I am going to donate $1 million to our brothers and sisters in Flint, Michigan," Mars said during the concert.
Lariah Stevens was born and raised in Flint.
"It's a great thing for somebody to help a city that they are not from and that they are not a part of," Stevens said.
They said they are amazed by Mars' generosity on Saturday.
"I feel like it should be given to and put toward fixing the water, of course that's what matters," Stevens said.
The money has been given to the Community Foundation of Greater Flint. They have since issued a statement in regards to where the money will be going. It reads in part: "We are honored to accept this inspiring donation. We know Bruno Mars' $1 million gift will be transformative to the children and families of Flint. They understand the issues faced by Flint citizens and we are touched by their concerns and generosity."
The foundation leads several funds that help the victims of the water crisis, including the Flint Child Health Development Fund which helps Flint children exposed to lead.
Christina Ferris works at the Crim Foundation next door.
"Bruno Mars really demonstrates that they understand that this is an ongoing problem. That the city of Flint and the people who live here are going to be facing this for a very long time," Ferris said.
Others are already skeptical about where this money will really go.
"My first thought is that it won't be used for what it is supposed to be used for. Just like everything else that has been donated or given from the state or whatever agency it comes from. I don't see the money going anywhere," said Pamela Smallman, resident.
Mars issued a statement that reads in part: As people, especially Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.
Stevens said the donation is what they were hoping for.
"To see what the city is going through. We need some blessings coming through here," Stevens said.
Money for the donation will come from Saturday night's ticket sales.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
PanARMENIAN.Net – Twelve people were injured when a corrosive substance was sprayed inside a packed London nightclub, police and fire services said, amid a sharp rise in acid attacks in Britain's capital, AFP reports.
Two of the victims, both men in their twenties, are in a “serious but stable condition” and 10 others suffered “minor injuries”, police said in a statement.
A London Fire Brigade spokesperson told AFP an “unknown corrosive substance” was thrown in Mangle, a club in east London, in the early hours of Monday, April 17.
It was identified as “an acidic substance” from testing, they said, adding that there were around 600 people in the club at the time.
Full story: panarmenian.net
December is nearly upon us, so it's time to think about putting up the tree.
Where is best to go for a real or artificial festive tree?
Vote for your favourite place. Voting closes Wednesday at noon.
The top ones in each readership area will go on our shared Lancashire recommends page.
This is not a competition. It is a suggestion of places, as voted by readers.
By Ana Martinez-Ortiz
For some time now, Milwaukee has been considered a city on the rise and a place where the unemployed can find a job. In 2014, however, Manpower Group discovered that employers throughout the metropolitan area didn't believe that residents were “job ready.”
Disheartened by this revelation, YWCA conducted a report in 2016 called the Community Readiness Assessment (CRA). The report examined five sectors to determine what barriers and obstacles potential employees faced: construction, healthcare, financial services, hospitality and manufacturing.
They also spoke with viable candidates to examine what they believed held them back.
Jamaal Smith works as the Racial Justice Community Engagement Manager for YWCA, and they explained how someone can be considered “job ready.”
“It's based on hard skills and soft skills,” they said. While hard skills can be obtained in school or on the job, soft skills come from practice.
According to Smith, programs exist at places like the YWCA to help people develop a “soft-skills” skill set. They also added that while sometimes employees lack the soft-skills in some cases, so do the employers.
One way to change this, they said to shift the focus onto the employers and open the communication. They also said it's important to look at someone's background for which they gave an example.
Maybe someone appears to have a problem with punctuality, but really, it's not that they're irresponsible it's that they have unreliable transportation, or they had to drop their kids off at daycare. Whatever the case is, by opening a line of communication the employer and employee can establish an understanding.
The CRA discovered that employers in Milwaukee are lacking when it comes to offering on-the-job training. While the core schools in M3 (MATC, MPS and UWM) are implementing programs and curriculum to ensure students are ready for the workforce, there needs to be more done at the workplace, Smith said.
Part of the report included examining certain companies and grading them on a level from one to nine on their awareness based on “the attitudes, knowledge, efforts and activities, and resources available in the community for addressing an issue,” according to the report.
With level one at “no awareness” and level nine at “high level of community ownership,” places in Milwaukee scored around level three.
In other words, while employers yearn to fill the vacancies they need to become more in tune with the community. YWCA wants to help employers learn how to do this by helping them examine their own outreach strategies, recruitment, hiring and retention.
By doing this, they shift the responsibility from the employees to the employers.
As part of examining their practices, YWCA is encouraging employers to look at the racial disparity in their companies and the CRA is helping them do that.
“We're not just telling you there's racial disparity,” Smith said, “here's the proof behind our stance.”
The report concluded with a list of goals for 2017, which Smith said they “absolutely achieved.” Going into 2018, they're continuing to examine the five sectors and source out issues. Currently, they are looking into the healthcare sector which includes evaluating their hiring practices.
“There are great efforts going forward,” they said, “however, we need employees to recognize this as well.”
The report examined how both employers and employees can create a better workplace environment.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle — an accident that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as they were walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. They died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't drawn any conclusions about who is at fault but urged people to use crosswalks. They told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as they stepped on to the street.
Neither they nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, they said.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles.
Although the Uber vehicle and its human backup could be at fault, it may turn out that there was nothing either could have done to stop the crash, they said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Autonomous vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
“We should be concerned about automated driving,” Smith said. “We should be terrified about human driving.”
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when their car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a “startling reminder” to members of Congress that they need to “think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring.”
More capacity is needed on the road and rail networks that serve the nation's ports if they are to cope with the “considerable challenge” caused by a predicted growth in demand, according to a Government report.
Officials hope the study of ‘port connectivity', launched at the British Port Association annual members lunch today, will help influence funding, policy and planning decisions by highlighting the importance of England's harbours and their global trade links.
These changes...present profound opportunity but also a considerable challenge to ensuring the national transport network which serves our ports is capable of dealing with new demands and facilitating the economic growth they will bring. Government study into port connectivity
It highlighted the fact that around 95 per cent of all goods entering and leaving the UK are moved by sea, and that the UK port sector contributes £1.7bn to the UK economy.
How Port of Hull can be harboured from Brexit storm - and ‘supercharge' northern economy
Among the biggest contributors are the Humber ports, at Goole, Hull, Grimsby and Immingham, which provide £620m in gross value added and 8,400 jobs, a tenth of the national total.
The report said port and freight markets are changing, with new commodities replacing core bulk freight markets like coal which do not necessarily travel on the same road or rail routes or to the same destinations.
It said government forecasts predicted container traffic would grow by 178 per cent between 2004 and 2030, with total port tonnage for the UK also forecast to grow substantially.
The report said: “These changes...present profound opportunity but also a considerable challenge to ensuring the national transport network which serves our ports is capable of dealing with new demands and facilitating the economic growth they will bring.
“Ports are investing many billions in their own infrastructure to ensure larger ships and volumes can be accommodated to maintain the UK, as a key destination for maritime services despite strong global competition.
“It is therefore vital there is appropriate capacity on our road and rail networks, to and from our international gateway ports, to meet this demand.”
James Cooper, chairperson of the UK Major Ports Group, said: “The port connectivity study is very welcome. UK Major Ports Group members invest more than half a billion pounds a year in UK ports and infrastructure but for the UK to maximise the value of this investment for the nation these ports need to be well connected to the rest of the economy.
“As the UK nears Brexit, it's vital that there is a focus on ensuring that we have the right infrastructure to enable trade. The study's recognition of the need to take a joined up, multi modal approach to key trade enabling freight corridors anchored on major ports is particularly welcome.”
Humpback whale calf jumping and full of energy off Coffs Harbour.
HUMPBACK whale calves have been sighted along the Coffs Coast as they continue their migration along the East coast.
Some adult humpbacks have been sighted heading back south.
This beautiful humpback whale calf was full of energy on the weekend, putting on a performance with tail slapping, breeching and happily swimming around its mum.
With a small swell and light winds, it was the perfect opportunity to spot whales out on the ocean.
Have you seen any calves yet?
It's not uncommon at this late stage in the northern migration to see calves travelling alongside their mums.
The Humpback whale migration is typically seen from May through to December as they head north to breed before the long swim back home to the cold waters of Antarctica.
The fierce competition presented to their charge Mzuvukile "Old Bones" Magwaca by the Namibian Immanuel "Prince" Naidjala at the Orient Theatre in East London on Friday night was what they had anticipated, Western Cape boxing trainer Zola Koti said.
Koti was reacting to Magwaca's unanimous points decision against Naidjala in what was their charge's first defence of their IBF Intercontinental bantamweight belt.
Naidjala was making their comeback after losing the WBO Intercontinental belt to Siboniso "Tiger" Gonya in April.
"We went in there knowing too well that Naidjala would bring their best," said Koti.
"I rang the bell to Magwaca that the fight was going to be tough and they must not allow Naidjala's loss to Gonya fool him.
"Naidjala has got experience. We did all our analysis before the fight, and they gave Magwaca a tough test. I am happy because I know that Magwaca learned a lot form the fight. I knew they would win."
The scores were 118-110 on all three cards. Magwaca remains undefeated after 23 fights.
In another impressive IBF Intercontinental bout, junior featherweight holder Ludumo "9mm" Lamati retained their belt with a lopsided unanimous points decision against experienced Alex Boureima Kabore of Burkina Faso.
Lamati dictated terms throughout the 12 rounds and the scores of 120-107 on all three judges' scorecards reflected the complexion of the fight.
Xolisa Magusha upset Siphamandla Baleni, the defending champion, to win the South African mini-flyweight title on a unanimous 12 round points decision. The scores were 116-112, 118-111 and 117-111.
LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists have created hybrid embryos from the sperm of near-extinct northern white rhinoceroses in the laboratory, hoping they can ultimately help save the species.
FILE PHOTO: Najin (R) and their daughter Fatou, the last two northern white rhino females, graze near their enclosure at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia National Park, Kenya March 31, 2018. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
The northern white rhino is the world's most endangered mammal, and its only two living members are a mother and daughter, living in Kenya's Ol Pejeta Conservancy.
Scientists did, however, managed to collect around 300 millilitres of semen from the last four bull rhinos, which they say is a large quantity, albeit too low-quality for insemination.
Having used some of this to fertilise eggs in vitro from the closest relative - the southern white rhino - they hope to use the same techniques to create an embryo of a pure northern white rhino with eggs harvested from the two females. This could then be implanted into a surrogate to gestate.
“Within three years we hope to have the first (northern white) rhino calf born,” said Thomas Hildebrandt of Germany's Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research, who co-led the work. The findings were published in the journal Nature Communications on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Najin (R) and their daughter Fatou (L), the last two northern white rhino females, graze alongside Ndauwo (C), a southern white rhino near their enclosure at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia National Park, Kenya March 31, 2018. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
The low-grade sperm have to be activated with a lab culture so that they can be used in an IVF technique known as intracytoplasmic injection.
The hybrid embryos have developed enough for implantation, and have now been frozen while scientists seek potential surrogate southern white rhino females to carry them to term.
Cesare Galli of the Italian animal assisted reproduction firm Avantea, who worked with Hildebrandt, said there had originally been strong opposition from some conservationists to “interfering in nature” by using IVF or other lab techniques to save the northern white rhino.
“Many people working in the conservation area are very against using biotechnology,” they said.
Hildebrandt argued that using biotechnology was not unnatural, and would simply correct a change in the ecosystem created by the human hunting of rhinos.
“The northern white rhino did not fail evolution, it failed because it was not bullet-proof. It was slaughtered,” they said.
FILE PHOTO: Sudan, the last male northern white rhino, is fed by a warden at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia national park, Kenya, May 3, 2017, about a year before their death. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
“It caused a disbalance in the ecosystem ... and we have the tools in our hands to correct that.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Roadkill Nights Powered by Dodge runs legal street drag racing on Woodward Avenue in Pontiac. Robin Buckson / The Detroit News
Buy Photo Gary Box built their Roadkill Nights-winning, 1,300-hp Corvette dragster in 1999. He's put 40,000 miles on the odometer driving it around Cleveland (Photo: Henry E. Payne/ The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Pontiac – Gary Box of Cleveland, Ohio was crowned the King of Woodward Avenue Saturday night after a downpour washed out Roadkill Nights' Final Five drag racing shootouts.
After a full day of legal street racing down Woodward Avenue (closed north of South Boulevard for the event) next to the M1 Concourse, five drivers qualified for the finals: Box, John Paul Delisi of Eastpointe, Michigan; Brian Goidstone of Osceda Michigan; Jim Kline of Wyoming, Michigan; and Lenny Milton of Salisbury, North Carolina.
By virtue of posting the fastest qualifying time, Box was crowned the winner after the skies opened at 8 PM and rendered the 1/8 mile strip too wet to race. Box took home the $10,000 first prize.
Roadkill Nights Powered by Dodge opened Dream Cruise week and, in keeping with the democratic spirit of the Cruise, the race cars were all street legal and piloted by amateur enthusiasts. The packed stands were also treated to an exhibition run by NHRA pro racer Leah Pritchett in their 11,000-horsepower Top Fuel dragster.
Box, 63, was the only competitor to clock a run under 6 seconds in the 1/8 mile in their outrageous, black, 1960s-vintage Corvette Stingray — a towering blower sticking out of its front hood. They exploded down the southbound lanes of Woodward in a stupefying 5.7 seconds, drawing gasps from the drag racer faithful who were stunned that any car could break 6 seconds on a public road.
“This is cool as hell, man,” said Box before the rains came, Woodward turned jet black under their feet from a day of burnouts. “This surface really sucks – there are a lot of stones in this asphalt. But this is real street racing.”
Buy Photo Gary Box won the Roadkill Nights drag racing competition with a 5.7 sec 1/8-mile run. Their top qualifying mark stood after rain washed out the finals shootout. (Photo: Henry E. Payne/ The Detroit News)
Box should know – they got their stripes street racing in Cleveland. They built their monster ‘Vette — they estimate the 522-cubic inch Chevy puts out 1,300 horsepower — in 1999 and has put 40,000 miles on the odometer driving around town. The side pipes put out a deafening 99 decibels, but, like everything else here, the car is street legal.
Not so fortunate was Tom Joycey of Waterford Hills, Michigan, whose very quick 1977 Camaro Z28 was considered one of the favorites for the Final Five before they blew a skinny, front “roller” tire on their second qualifying run.
Joycey has been a Top Ten drag racer in the National Muscle Car Association for years. Like Box, this is their first year at Roadkill and that's by design. In its inaugural year, organizers from the Roadkill Nights internet show and Dodge took entrants on a first-come, first-served basis. This year, to encourage better racing — and to guarantee competitors know what they were doing at 150 mph between two concrete walls — drivers had to apply for entry.
Buy Photo Tom Joycey's 1,500-horsepower Camara Z28 was quick. But a frayed front tire cut short their day (Photo: Henry E. Payne/The Detroit News)
“I filled out an application and they accepted me,” says Joycey, whose Camaro puts out 1,500 ponies and needs rear wheelie bars to keep the front end planted when they launch off the line. They will come back next year if approved.
“This is just crazy – it's hard to believe they can pull this off,” they said before heading home, nursing their eog and frayed front tire. “There are more people in these grandstands than there are at a track drag race.”
Joycey pointed to their 10.5-inch, DOT-approved, street legal tires (with all of three grooves) on the back of their Camaro. “I run slicks at Milan (drag strip),” they smile.
Gary Box's son Corey races with them and is building their own car. He's happy to give dad the glory this weekend. “He's been racing that car for 18 years and they deserve it,” smiled the son. They also credit NHRA Top Fuel champion John Force. “He signed the glove box — I think that's our secret.”
Box didn't realize there is another week of cruising after Roadkill nights. “I would have stayed for the week and done some cruising in my car,” they say.
and on Twitter at HenryEPayne.hpayne@detroitnews.comHenry Payne is auto critic for The Detroit News. They can be reached at
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wV24OL
(Corrects paragraph 5 to clarify that Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a slightly lower opening for Canada's main stock index on Friday as spot gold prices edged lower, led by a rise in the U.S. dollar.
March futures on the S&P TSX index were up/down 0.7 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
The dollar ticked up against the euro ahead of the highly anticipated U.S. non-farm payrolls data, which provides clues on the outlook for U.S. interest rates.
Canada's benchmark stock index ended its fourth day of losses at a 14-week low, as a hawkish Federal Reserve sapped demand for equities, with two cannabis producers posting the biggest declines on Thursday.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.8 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.6 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.5 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORY
Walkie-talkie maker Motorola Solutions Inc said on Thursday it would buy Canadian security camera maker Avigilon Corp for C$1.2 billion in cash.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Avigilon Corp: Canaccord Genuity cuts to hold from buy
New Flyer Industries Inc: CIBC raises price target to C$65 from C$63
Saputo Inc: National Bank of Canada cuts price target to C$46 from C$49
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Thomson Reuters-Jefferies CRB Index: unchanged
Gold futures: $1345; rose 0.05 percent
US crude: $65.73; fell 0.11 percent
Brent crude: $69.42; fell 0.33 percent
LME 3-month copper: $7114; fell 0.07 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON FRIDAY
0830 Non-Farm payrolls for Jan: Expected 180,000; Prior 148,000
0830 Private payrolls for Jan: Expected 180,000; Prior 146,000
0830 Manufacturing payrolls for Jan: Expected 20000; Prior 25,000
0830 Government payrolls for Jan: Prior 2,000
0830 Unemployment rate for Jan: Expected 4.1 pct; Prior 4.1 pct
0830 Average earnings mm for Jan: Expected 0.3 pct; Prior 0.3 pct
0830 Average earnings yy for Jan: Expected 2.6 pct; Prior 2.5 pct
0830 Average workweek hours for Jan: Expected 34.5 ; Prior 34.5
0830 Labor force participation for Jan: Prior 62.7 pct
0830 U6 underemployment for Jan: Prior 8.1 pct
0830 Payrolls benchmark NSA for 2017: Prior -81,000
0830 Payrolls benchmark SA for 2017: Prior -60,000
0945 ISM-New York Index for Jan: Prior 756.7
0945 ISM Newyork Business Conditions for Jan: Prior 56.3
1000 Durables ex-defense R mm for Dec: Prior 2.2 pct
1000 Durable goods R mm for Dec: Prior 2.9 pct
1000 Factory orders mm for Dec: Expected 1.5 pct; Prior 1.3 pct
1000 Durables ex-transport R mm for Dec: Prior 0.6 pct
1000 Nondefense cap ex-air R mm for Dec: Prior -0.3 pct
1000 Factory ex-transport mm for Dec: Prior 0.8 pct
1000 U Mich Sentiment Final for Jan: Expected 95; Prior 94.4
1000 U Mich Conditions Final for Jan: Prior 109.2
1000 U Mich Expectations Final for Jan: Prior 84.8
1000 U Mich 1 year inflation final for Jan: Prior 2.8 pct
1000 U Mich 5-year inflation final for Jan: Prior 2.5 pct
1030 ECRI Weekly Index for Jan 22: Prior 151.5
1030 ECRI weekly annualized for Jan 22: Prior 5.8 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory
Once Its AIM Was True, But Soon AOL's Instant Messenger Will Be No More
toggle caption Oath Inc.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Tuesday they were expecting to hold a campaign rally in a European city next month ahead of June elections despite a ban by some Western countries on Turkish politicians campaigning abroad.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan waves during a news conference in Bulgaria, March 26, 2018. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov/Files
“God willing, in May, we will hold our first meeting in a closed sports hall in Europe in a European country. All preparations are complete,” Erdoğan said in a speech to members of their ruling AK party.
They did not identify the European country.
Erdoğan has called snap parliamentary and presidential elections for June 24 so that Turkey can switch quickly to a new executive presidency system that was narrowly approved by a referendum last year.
Ahead of the referendum, Turkish ministers travelled to countries including the Netherlands and Germany with sizable Turkish communities to gather support for the change, but authorities prevented them from campaigning there, citing security concerns.
After Erdoğan announced the elections last week, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz, who heads a right-wing coalition opposed to Turkey joining the European Union, said Erdoğan would be barred from “trying to exploit” Europe's Turkish communities.
Germany, home to about three million people of Turkish origin, says it will not allow foreign politicians to campaign on German territory ahead of elections.
“Our view is clear. In the three-month period before elections in a foreign country, no election campaigning will take place in Germany,” German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas told reporters in Toronto, Canada.
On Monday afternoon, police said a plainclothes officer investigating gun violence in Regent Park spotted a vehicle with the four men inside near Parliament St. and Dundas St. East. The men, police said, appeared to wear clothing meant to disguise their identities.
One of the men stepped out of the car and fired a gun in a “northerly direction towards traffic and pedestrians,” Police said. No one is believed to have been struck.
Police said the man got back into the car and police pursued the car through the intersection of Sherbourne and Shuter Sts. where it was boxed in by both marked and unmarked police vehicles.
Police said the car backed into a police car, badly damaging it. The car then continued forward, striking a uniformed police officer — who was not badly injured — before running a red light at Shuter and Jarvis Sts., where it struck a taxi. It then continued north on Jarvis St. into oncoming traffic eventually striking another taxi.
BEN Simmons is getting a rude introduction into the life of the Kardashians.
The 21-year-old basketballer from Melbourne, Australia, is now being followed by TMZ cameras and having wild accusations slung at them on Twitter.
That's the price of being linked to supermodel Kendall Jenner, who Simmons has reportedly been spotted spending time with after breaking up with pop star girlfriend Tinashe.
Tinashe's brother, Kudzai, slammed Simmons on Twitter after the New York Post broke the news they were dating 22-year-old reality star Jenner, accusing them of breaking their sister's heart and cheating.
"Never met you before in my life," Kudzai tweeted. "Days after u break my sis heart u do this … ppl all lied on them talking fake news about my sis "doing kardashian s***" u cheat on them w a Jenner."
Kudzai claimed Simmons and Tinashe only "broke up" on Monday (AEST). "Sorry for blowing up y'all twitter everyone," they added. "It was actually the only way to defend my sister against all this bulls***."
Tinashe's brother Kudzai attacked Simmons on Twitter.
Tinashe's grandmother also tweeted in their defence. "Dear twitter fans and fans of Tinashe, I have decided to leave Twitter because of all the hate and lies about Tinashe," they wrote. "You must realise that I love them very much but as a family member I really can't call out all the lies and hate because some things should not be shared."
"For all you wonderful fans out there I thank you for all your support and love," they added. "I know you wish them the best and I applaud all of you. I just don't like thinking I'm in Junior High again. I'm just too old for this. All my love. Grandma Tinashe."
Neither Simmons nor Tinashe have commented publicly on their breakup, although the pop star did post this photograph on Instagram with the caption: "I set the bar, I'm the f***in bar."
"I set the bar, I'm the f***in bar."
TMZ posted a video of Simmons getting into a car outside the Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills with a "mystery woman" on Tuesday (AEST).
"Our sources say Simmons and the mystery woman had a bite to eat together," TMZ wrote. "We're told the woman tried like hell to stay low key - using their hoodie to cover them face.
"If that really is Kendall (and it really seems like it is) … welcome to the Kardashians, Mr. Simmons!"
It came after an insider familiar with the duo told the New York Post the romance has been going on "for a few weeks."
Another source said the pair was spotted this week on a lunch date at the Beverly Hills Hotel. And a third source said Jenner, 22, and Simmons, 21, were seen last week in Manhattan with a group of friends at the clubby Bowery restaurant Vandal.
"Security measures seemed to have been taken to ensure Kendall and Ben enjoyed their night hassle free," said a witness. "They were smiling the night away with their friends."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Kochi: Father Basil Kuriyakose, Principal of Kings David International School who was arrested yesterday for having unnatural sex with a 10-year-old boy, was sent to 14-day police custody on Monday.
The Kerala Police had arrested the priest for indulging in unnatural sexual intercourse with a 10-year old boy in Kochi's Kunnathunad area on Sunday.
Father Basil Kuriyakose was arrested by the police after the victim's parents lodged a complaint.
"The victim was a 10-year old boy who was studying at a boarding school here. The boy disclosed the incident to their brother who came to meet them at the school. Following this, the parents lodged a complaint", the police said.
The priest had been booked under Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Buy Photo Amore da Roma will open Saturday in Eastern Market where Roma Cafe operated for decades. (Photo: Todd McInturf / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
After closing this summer, longstanding Italian restaurant Roma Cafe will be reborn this week as Amore da Roma.
The new chapter of Roma's story starts Saturday with the public opening of Amore da Roma. Roma Cafe originally opened in 1890 and was considered to be one of Detroit's oldest restaurants.
Janet Sossi Belcoure and their family owned Roma for decades, but upon deciding to retire, they sold it to the restaurant's chef of three years Guy Pelino. They came to Roma in 2014 from Mario's in Detroit, replacing longtime chef Mike Saeed who worked in the kitchen there for 40 years.
Pelino says the restaurant has undergone visual improvements since closing in July, but the menu is “basically the same.”
“It got a lot of touch ups that an old building needed,” they said. “Updated the wine list quite a bit.”
Of the staff, Pelino said there are some new faces but a lot of the longtime favorite staff members will return.
“We're keeping the same ambiance as the old restaurant and would love for many of the loyal customers who came here for years to come back and be very happy,” said Pelino. “We're keeping a lot of the food the same, the meat sauce, the salads that they loved, all that's going to be the same and we'll offer a few new choices.”
Amore da Roma is at 3401 Riopelle in Detroit. Call (313) 831-5940. Reservations accepted.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iR9ygw
The owner of a vegan food truck says they regret a Facebook post in which they appeared to dismiss the deaths of "meat eaters" in the Las Vegas massacre.
Delinda Jensen, 60, of Wilkes-Barre, said she's received death threats and had to shut down their business after their post Monday night started going viral, sparking intense backlash both online and off.
Jensen wrote: "Yes I am jaded. Fifty nine meat eaters dead. How many animals will live because of this?" In a second comment, they used an expletive to say they didn't care about "carnists."
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night, then killed themselves as police closed in.
Jensen, a former adjunct history professor, called their post "a moment of stupidity" and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre.
"Was it poorly written? Absolutely. Do I regret it? Yes. I am so sorry I wrote that," they said Thursday. "Meat eaters or not, no one deserves to die like that. I wasn't celebrating the death of those people."
Jensen said they became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with their son. They said they were trying to make the point that they believe animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat.
Jensen has since deactivated their Facebook account, hidden their food truck and cancelled their bookings, and installed a security camera at their home. Them son said people have driven by their home, shouting threats and obscenities, and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety.
The Associated Press
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ganesha Ecosphere Ltd:
* SAYS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTION STARTED AT UNIT SITUATED AT BILASPUR Source text - bit.ly/2FD4Xba Further company coverage:
57th Annual Howell Melon Festival This Weekend
August 14, 2017
It's melon time again in Howell.
The 57th annual Howell Melon Festival returns to the community this weekend, offering family friendly activities, entertainment, train rides, food and Howell melons. In addition to traditional festival favorites and the 40th annual Howell Melon Run, there will be some new additions this year.
Howell Area Parks & Recreation Festival/Special Events Director Nicole Kamienski tells WHMI one new attraction this year will be The Great Lakes Timber Show on Saturday and Sunday. The family-friendly entertainment features log rolling, axe-throwing and chainsaw carving. A giant water balloon slingshot game and an inflatable kids carnival will be located near the Howell Carnegie District Library while classic root beer floats will be served on Grand River.
The Melon Festival Tent will feature craft beer, local wines, food and games. A free concert in the festival tent Friday night will feature Empty Canvas, who will create an oil painting while performing live music. The main stage entertainment Saturday night will be Great Scott.
Just as Howell melons are a community tradition, so too is the Doc May Memorial Melon Ride. The 15-mile ride winds through historic neighborhoods, the McPherson Park Bike Path, Crosstown Trail, Howell City Park and Lake View Cemetery. The ride has become a Howell Melon Festival Tradition and is the community's way of celebrating the life of Doctor Pat May. The ride ends back at the Livingston County Courthouse for the post-ride, Howell melons and ice cream.
Complete information and a schedule of events is available through the link provided. (JM)
Angelina Jolie reportedly spent New Year's Eve with their 6 children in Colorado. As the 41-year-old actor and their estranged husband, actor Brad Pitt, 53, continue to battle over custody of the kids, Jolie reportedly traveled to Colorado for some winter fun with Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 8. On December 31, Hollywood Life claimed that Angelina Jolie and their family, sans Pitt, had left their $8.5 million home in Malibu sometime before Christmas and ventured off to the Colorado to celebrate the New Year's Eve holiday. The source also noted that Pitt was unable to see their children on New Year's Eve due to their current visitation plan with Angelina Jolie, which has granted the actor with temporary full physical custody of their kids. While Angelina Jolie's estranged husband was allowed to see their kids on Christmas, the visit was previously believed to have taken place in Los Angeles, where Pitt resides. However, according to Hollywood Life, Angelina Jolie and their kids have been in Colorado since before Christmas and were seen shopping at a store before the big day. Angelina Jolie at the UN Peacekeeping Defence Ministerial on September 8, 2016
[Image by Stefan Rousseau – WPA Pool/Getty Images] Hollywood Life went on to reveal that Pitt's latest visit with their kids went much better than a previous visit. As the outlet explained, Pitt's oldest son, Maddox, didn't storm out of the visit and the actor was able to give their kids tons of presents. That said, they were forced to have a monitor present as they spent time with the children. Angelina Jolie filed for divorce on September 19 after 2 years of marriage and 6 kids, and as TMZ reported at the time, they allegedly did so out of concern for their family. As the outlet explained, sources claimed Angelina Jolie had grown fed up with Pitt's reported use of alcohol and marijuana and felt they may also be suffering from an anger issue. “[Brad Pitt] and [Angelina Jolie] have not seen each other since their breakup, especially not over the holidays,” a source told Hollywood Life at the end of last month. “Brad has no problem seeing or dealing with their ex and thinks it is a bit ridiculous that they refuse to even see them when handing off their kids for visits. [During] the minimal visitations Brad has had with the children, nannies, bodyguards and other assistants have moved the children between the parents.” Following Angelina Jolie's divorce filing, a report claimed Pitt had gotten physical with their son Maddox during a plane ride from France to Los Angeles. However, weeks after the FBI and the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services launched investigations against him, both organizations closed their cases and no charges were ever filed. “[Angelina Jolie] is still in war-mode over custody and their divorce, so the last thing they want is to see Brad or get into any face-to-face confrontation with them ex,” the source continued. “She is avoiding Brad at all costs and will not text, call or communicate with them except through lawyers and staff.” Angelina Jolie arrives at the 84th Annual Academy Awards on February 26, 2012
[Image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images] Prior to Pitt's alleged visit with their children on Christmas, a source claimed Angelina Jolie was extremely upset to find out that a therapist agreed to allow Pitt to spend time with their children at the home where they are currently staying. “[Angelina Jolie] is furious about this. She's having a meltdown,” a source told In Touch Weekly magazine last month. “She can't believe it's happening. After being told that the kids were cleared to visit Brad at their house they tried to change the terms and have the visit at their home. But they were firmly told no. And that made them furious.” [Featured Image by Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Staff Reporter
As per notification of the Punjab government, a holiday will be observed on Monday, Feb 5 to observe the Kashmir Solidarity Day.
According to a handout issued here Saturday, one-minute silence would be observed at 10am at all government and semi-government institutions to express solidarity with the Kashmiri people.
Like other parts of the country, the Kashmir Solidarity Day will be observed here on Monday, February 5, to express support for Kashmiri brethren.
As per notification of the Punjab Government, general holiday will be observed on the day to express solidarity Kashmiris.
Special ceremonies and seminars will be organised at several educational and government departments to highlight the issue of Kashmir, sacrifices rendered by the people of Kashmir and atrocities by the Indian forces in the occupied valley.
Seminars and speech competitions on Kashmir will also be organized at schools, colleges and universities in the provincial capital.
Silence for one minute will also be observed at 10 am at all government and semi-government institutions to express solidarity with Kashmiri people and in the honour of Kashmiri martyrs.
Islamabad
Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) leader Captain (r) Safdar on Friday said the ruling party leaders are appearing before courts in respect of the institutions.
“Not a single penny corruption was proved against former Prime Minister and President, PMLN, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif in Panama papers' case”, adding that Iqama was made an excuse to disqualify them from their seat. Talking to private news channel, Capt. Safdar said, “Nation will give Nawaz Sharif more strength in forthcoming general elections”. Muhammad Nawaz Sharif had kept their promise to the nation and solved power crisis in the country, they said adding, the PML-N has faced all the trials that have come its way.
They said the former prime minister had tolerated opponents for the sake of the masses as they wanted to show the difference between those who followed the law and those who only made tall claims verbally.
“A democratic Pakistan which was making progress for the last four years was stopped from moving ahead”, they mentioned. Capt. Safdar said the 220 million people decided fate of the country and no one could snatch their right from them, adding that Pakistan's history is full of bad decisions that created major issues to the nation.
While criticizing the joint investigation team (JIT), they said PML-N will not accept the report of JIT as they have reservations on its fair performance. They called JIT a Jirga, which was not consisted on competent legal experts.—APP
PanARMENIAN.Net - As of Friday, October 6, Netflix has increased the price of its UK standard and premium subscriptions for new customers, CNet reports.
A standard subscription has risen from £7.50 to £8 a month, while a premium subscription has risen from £9 to £10 a month. The basic service remains the same at £6 a month.
Existing customers will be notified of the increase later in October before the new prices come into effect.
The price hike comes three weeks before the second series of "Stranger Things" is released. Similar price hikes have hit US customers.
Netflix did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The government has appointed Air Marshal Farooq Habib as Vice Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), Pakistan Air Force (PAF), said a statement issue here by media directorate of PAF on Friday.
Air Marshal Farooq Habib was commissioned in the GD (P) Branch of Pakistan Air Force in June, 1982. During their illustrious career, they have commanded a Fighter Squadron, an Operational Air Base and served as Commandant, Air War College, Faisal. They have also commanded PAF's Super Mushshak contingent in Saudi Arabia.
Their Staff appointments include Deputy Director Operations Branch and Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Safety), Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (Training) and Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (Personnel) at Air Headquarters.  They are a qualified Flying Instructor and a Graduate of Combat Commanders' School, Air War College and National Defence University. They hold Master's Degrees in Strategic Studies and Defence & Strategic Studies.  They are a recipient of Sitara-i-Imtiaz (Military) and Hilal-i-Imtiaz (Military).
BOSTON -- Rafael Devers has bashed two home runs today at Fenway Park after belting a game-tying home run in the ninth inning at Yankee Stadium last night.
Devers' first home run Monday against Indians starter Trevor Bauer went to the opposite field, over the Green Monster. It cut the Red Sox's deficit to 3-1 in the second inning.
The 20-year-old left-handed slugger from the Dominican Republic then golfed a home run to right field to tie the game 3-3 in the fourth inning.
The Red Sox are down 7-3 in the sixth inning.
Per MLB Stat of the Day, Devers became the third youngest Red Sox with a multi-homer game behind only Tony Conigliaro and Ted Williams:
At 20 years, 294 days old, @Rafael_Devers is the third-youngest @RedSox player with a multi-HR game (Tony Conigliaro, Ted Williams). pic.twitter.com/39kpUEG4Ip -- MLB Stat of the Day (@MLBStatoftheDay) August 14, 2017
Devers has six homers in 16 major league games.
Per the team notes, Devers is the first player in the past 100 years to have three or more homers and 20 or more hits in their first 16 major league games. They have 21 hits.
The first homer Monday came on a 93.5 mph fastball:
Devers already an oppo field god pic.twitter.com/wjYeJMZQ8L -- Sox Lunch (@Soxlunch) August 14, 2017
The second homer Monday came on a 79.3 mph knuckle curve:
Women's football has never had more exposure than it got during this summer's UFFA European Championships - the exploits of the national team was on the back page of every newspaper, and matches were shown live on mainstream television on Channel 4.
And amongst the stars of the women's game making the headlines were two Bristol City Women players, Scot Chloe Arthur and new Belgian striker Yana Daniëls.
Both nations were at the Euros for the first time this summer, and despite getting knocked out in the group stages both players said playing in the tournament was the highlight of their young football careers.
Midfielder Arthur, 22, said: “It was such an amazing experience and for me I didn't know I was going to be there until the last minute, so it was amazing to get the call-up and then get two games was such an amazing experience.
“Playing against players at that level was a completely different experience for me and I would love to do something like that again. Hopefully in the years to come I will get the opportunity again.
Arthur, and their Bristol teammate Frankie Brown. had a baptism of fire with Scotland in the tournament, beaten 6-0 by England in their opening game of the tournament.
Arthur said: “Being the first game the nerves were high, and there were a lot of different factors to the result, but England came out with a great performance individually and collectively so it was a credit to them.
Obviously it was not the performance we wanted but we moved on from that. We didn't take all the negative things that were around us in, we were just positive about it, moved onto the next game.”
While you might think national rivalries might take over during an international tournament Arthur said they didn't get any stick from their English teammates back at Bristol, just messages of support.
As the competition went on their performances improves, going down 2-1 to Portugal before beating Spain 1-0 in the closing group match.
Arthur said: “It was such a massive achievement for us to get there, we were all so excited.
We only won one game but the performance we put in against Spain we are really proud of and we know there are things to work on but that's just what you learn when you got to your first major tournament. And it's something we will take positives and negatives from it and just go forward.
“I miss being there - it was such a great experience.”
Finals debutants Belgium, and Daniëls had one of the toughest groups in the competition being drawn against the two eventual finalists the Netherlands, who were hosting the tournament and Denmark, along with Norway.
Holland went on to win the tournament, beating Denmark 4-2 in the final.
In the group stages Belgium Norway 2-0, but lost 2-1 ro Holland, and 1-0 to Denmark.
Daniëls, who joined Bristol Women this summer from Anderlecht, said: “We were happy at the beginning with the group we had but we weren't any more because two of the teams made the final. We thought Norway would be the hardest one - but anything is possible at a big tournament.
“Nobody expected Denmark to reach the final so it just shows anything can happen.
“It was my first Euros and it was the first Euros for Belgium too - the team was ready this year and it was good. We didn't know how we would go but when you are so close to the quarter-finals it is disappointing for everyone not to get there. We weren't ready to go home. We were all sad that we had to leave but it was a good experience for everyone.”
Both women said the support and coverage they received was unbelievable - with Arthur labelling the travelling Scottish fans ‘the best in the world.'
Arthur said: “The coverages was massive and you could see the number of fans at the games, not just the final but every single game.
And it was not just the home nations getting bumper support. Daniëls said: “We were lucky that two games where near Belgium, so there were so many supporters there for the Belgium team, more than 7,000 people so it was like playing at home.
It was crazy that we had so much support and when we got home the newspapers were very positive.”
And both players believe the popularity of the tournament, and it's step out of the shadows of the men's game, will have a lost impact on the women's game.
Daniëls said: “Women's football is always criticized a little bit but now we have something positive to show everyone.
Arthur added: “I think we are good role models for the young girls and the younger generation, to inspire them and just to know what they can do in football.
“That there is a goal they can reach - that they have a lot to play for.
“There are more people who are aware of the women's game now and this will help lift it up again massively. So we are really excited about the coverage for that and I think the women's game can only go forward.”
Bristol City Women kick off their FA WSL Continental Cup campaign away at Chelsea on September 24.
The Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has voted to renew CEO Dawn Hudson's contract through June 2020.
The vote was held at the board's regularly scheduled March 28 meeting, which also yielded a number of rule changes for the annual Oscars competition.
“We are confident in Dawn's leadership of the Academy, and fully support them as they lead a strong and dedicated team of more than 350 into our ninth decade,” Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs said in an email to Academy members sent Monday afternoon.
The email further noted that the board is “excited that [Hudson] will continue the Academy's goals of globalization and inclusion, guide us towards the successful opening of an unprecedented movie museum, and lead us toward next year's 90th Oscars.”
Hudson has been CEO of the Academy since 2011.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman filmed the last moments before they died when their date's speedboat capsized in the Thames, a court heard.
Jack Shepherd, 30, allegedly caused the death of Charlotte Brown, 24, when they were thrown into the water after the boat they were in hit a floating tree trunk.
The vessel was travelling at twice the speed limit for the stretch of water on the River Thames in London, the Old Bailey heard.
Shepherd is accused of breaching their duty of care to Charlotte by letting them take the wheel without wearing a jacket, having a "kill cord" or the skill to steer.
The steering wheel was not fully responsive and needed to be moved extra degrees, jurors were told.
The court heard how in a video they filmed before the crash, Ms Brown could be heard saying "oh my God, you're going so fast".
The pair were on their first date and had dined at The Shard where they downed two bottles of red wine, having met just hours earlier, the court heard.
After getting a taxi to Shepherd's houseboat in Hammersmith, west London, at around 9.15pm on December 8, 2015, the pair went to see the Houses of Parliament in Westminster.
(Image: central news)
The court heard how after drinking some more wine the pair jumped into their speed boat and downed Champagne, which they used "as part of their seduction ritual".
On the return journey to west London Shepherd and Charlotte swapped places so they could steer, it was alleged.
But as they tried to avoid construction barges at speed they swerved and struck the log and the boat capsized, the Old Bailey heard.
Shepherd's calls for help were heard by residents near Plantation Wharf at around 11.45pm and the Met's riverboats, police helicopter, the Coastguard, and the London Fire Brigade alerted, the court was told.
Charlotte, also known as Charli, was pulled from the water between Putney Bridge and Wandsworth Bridge at around 12.10am after floating upstream, jurors were told.
They died later that morning in hospital, the cause of death was given as cold water immersion, a post mortem revealed.
Shepherd managed to cling to the boat and was also hypothermic when they were found by rescuers in the river clutching the upturned bow.
The Old Bailey heard today that on the start of the journey to Westminster, Shepherd was travelling at three times the speed limit of 12knots, and when Charlotte started coming back they were going at 20knots at the point of impact, when the limit is 12knots.
(Image: SWNS +44 (0)1179066550 SWNS.com)
One witness told police they saw the boat going "so fast they thought it was a chase".
The boat was also seen veering from side to side when Charlotte was driving, jurors were told.
Aftab Jafferjee, prosecuting, said there were a number of safety features the boat did not have, including a "kill cord" which stops the engine during an emergency.
They also said the 14ft vessel's windscreen suffered from "crazing" which made it hard to see through and the driver had to sit on the back of the seat.
Also, the wooden planks under the driver's seat were rotten, jurors were told.
Mr Jafferjee added: "It was an accident waiting to happen, we say, due to the state of the boat that night and one of these features could have so easily been the cause of their death and the cause of them going in to the water.
"The steering system should have been flush but it didn't do that. It just went in partly, which was a problem for the steering column shift.
"That was not secured properly on the side so the cable would slide.
"It meant the steering needed to be moved several extra degrees from left to right before the motor even reacted to the input from the driver.
(Image: PA)
"Whilst the owner maybe over time become used to it, but a novice or inexperienced driver would have great difficulty controlling this boat and keeping it on a straight line.
"The kill cord should have been attached to Jack Shepherd's wrist in case they fell into the water the engine would stop. If the kill cord is not used there is nothing to stop the boat from circling around and around."
Jurors heard Shepherd had been speeding before handing 24-year-old Miss Brown the wheel to give them an extra "thrill".
The court heard it is not a legal requirement to wear a life jacket, but that Shepherd had been warned by police it was the right thing to do.
Me Jafferjee added: "This was an extremely busy waterway at night in an extremely challenging location. There was a considerable degree of rubbish and large number of floating tree trunks.
"The danger to small vessels is high and high competence in needed. Anyone who frequently travels on the Thames would be aware of this.
"The change of driver, experts say, allows for the somewhat erratic behaviour as the boat approached Plantation Wharf as well as the apparent last minute actions to avoid a submerged object.
(Image: Moment RF)
"She tried to avoid the construction barges, but this was too late and all too fast for Charlotte Brown in their condition being allowed to be at the wheel.
"As soon as the boat was driven too fast, in the dark, without taking basic safety precautions, then if any averse circumstances arose it had the potential to be critical."
The court heard previously how during the evening Miss Brown exchanged messages with a friend about the date, who asked at one point: "Are you on a frickin' speedboat on a Tuesday night?"
Miss Brown, a business development consultant from Welling, south east London, replied they were "with champagne" before their friend warned, "please message to say you survived this escapade".
Shepherd, from Abergavenny, south Wales, denies one count of gross negligence manslaughter.
The trial continues.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Matt Charboneau look ahead to Saturday's showdown between the Michigan State Spartans and Michigan Wolverines in Ann Arbor. Detroit News
Michigan receiver Eddie McDoom, right, has made it clear, the Wolverines plan to win it all this season. (Photo: Leon Halip, Getty Images)
A state divided.
From friends to family to co-workers, there is almost no one who sits on the fence when it comes to the Michigan-Michigan State rivalry.
For the most part, the annual game, set for Saturday night, is a week's worth of good-natured jabs complete with bets to wear the other team's colors should the team you root for loses.
It's all in fun.
Except, of course, for the players and coaches involved.
The intensity is unmatched, something players on both sides of the rivalry have attested to for decades. And even though in many seasons there was little more at stake than bragging rights, that never changed the passion of the game.
“We just know what this game means,” Michigan State sophomore linebacker Joe Bachie said this week. “From the past, just seeing how physical it gets and seeing the hatred between the teams — the competitive hatred.
“We are going to get our guys ready to go. It's going to be a fun one.”
More: Michigan keys to beating Michigan State
More: Detroit News predictions: Michigan vs. Michigan State
Fun? Maybe, but what's at stake when the teams square off at 7:30 p.m. at Michigan Stadium? That's a tougher one to answer this season.
Michigan (4-0, 1-0 Big Ten) comes in with expectations of winning its first Big Ten championship since 2004, reaching its first conference title game and earning a spot in the College Football Playoffs.
Michigan State (3-1, 1-0) has done all of that, last winning the conference title in 2015, the same year it went to the playoffs. But then 2016 came, and with it a monumental collapse to 3-9. For the Spartans, this year's goals are not as grand. Finishing with a winning record and playing in a bowl game are the first step.
But would a win Saturday night change any of that? Could it lead to a quicker revival than most experts expected?
“You've got to earn that reputation, especially after last year,” Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio said. “You've got to climb back up that ladder, and that's our intent. That's where our mindset is, and again it's a road game. It's a rivalry game. I don't think we need to factor in and say, ‘OK, we're the underdog and all that kind of stuff.' We have motivation. They have motivation. Should be a great football game.”
Now in their 11th season at Michigan State, Dantonio has built the Spartans into a consistent contender, winning three Big Ten championships and playing in nine bowl games. Their success against Michigan has been a big part of that and entering Saturday night's game he's 7-3 against the Wolverines with a 3-1 mark in Ann Arbor.
Another win in the rivalry would not only signal to the rest of the Big Ten that last season's woes were an anomaly, but it would continue to establish their dominance in the state. For those playing, however, they're doing their best to not make this one bigger than any other game.
“Yeah, I would say so,” senior center Brian Allen said when asked if a win this week could lead the Spartans to big things this season. “But at the same time you have to come in every week just trying to win the week. But if we win this one and things start rolling in the right way the confidence will start going up. So, in that aspect it would be a huge win, but at the same time we want to win because it's the next game.”
The Wolverines have been taking the same approach
“You give something a little extra this week for sure,” Michigan junior linebacker Chase Winovich said. “It is just another week. We're going to keep going what we've been doing. We've kind of laid this foundation for success the first couple weeks, and this is no different.
“It's 11 people versus 11 people. They have a job to do, we have a job to do and we're going to see who does it better. They're gritty, we're gritty, and we're going to be ready for this.”
More: Michigan State keys to beating Michigan
More: Wojo's Pigskin Picks: This UM-MSU clash will be especially illuminating
But back to those expectations. While Michigan State's might not be as high this season, they sure are lofty at Michigan.
While the talk this week has been focused on the opponent, Michigan State, the overall goal was clear before the season began — the Wolverines expect championships now.
“We're not looking for next year, we're looking for now,” sophomore receiver Eddie McDoom said back in August. “We think we're going to win it this year. That's the mindset. You come in every season, and you want to win.
“There's no next year. No, it's this year. We're going to come in and grind, and we're going to come in fighting. Our goal right now is to win the national championship, the Big Ten and be the greatest team we can be.”
Would a loss to Michigan State derail those plans? Not necessarily, especially considering Michigan still has games against Penn State and Ohio State, the other teams likely battling for the East Division title.
But they're not planning to take any chances, which is why the Wolverines spent the week doing their best to keep it business as usual — even if that's easier said than done.
“It's not another game,” Michigan sophomore offensive lineman Michael Onwenu said. “It means a lot to me and the team. It means a lot but we're not going to separate this game and say, ‘We gotta do this, we gotta do that.' We take every game the same. Gotta win every game.”
That includes this one, but even that can't change the fact this one is a little different.
“You can't just say it's another game,” said Michigan State junior title end Matt Sokol, a Rochester native.
“It's a game that is just something very special, especially being a guy who is from Michigan, and for our whole team. This is just a very unique experience, a very unique game, there's something special about it.”
mcharboneau@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/mattcharboneau
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - With its smog-prone north desperate to slash coal consumption, China is looking to deploy nuclear power to provide reliable winter heating, raising public safety concerns - though developers say the risks are minimal.
State-owned China National Nuclear Corp (CNNC) recently conducted a successful 168-hour trial run in Beijing for a small, dedicated “district heating reactor” (DHR) it has named the “Yanlong”.
With the north facing natural gas shortages as cities switch away from coal, CNNC presented the “DHR-400” as an alternative heat supplier for the region, with each 400-megawatt unit capable of warming 200,000 urban households.
The model - which consists of a reactor core immersed in a water-filled tank around the same volume as an Olympic swimming pool - will require 1.5 billion yuan ($226.7 million) in investment and take just three years to build, a crucial advantage in a sector plagued by construction delays.
As a small and relatively simple “swimming pool” design, the low-pressure reactor is expected to be safer than conventional models, with temperatures not exceeding 100 degrees Celsius, and it could be plugged directly into existing heating networks.
The technology is ready, said Gu Shenjie, deputy chief engineer with the Shanghai Nuclear Engineering Research and Design Institute (SNERDI), part of the State Power Investment Corp (SPIC).
“They (CNNC) have supplied heat to their institute and office buildings and have successfully done that for three years,” Gu told Reuters on the sidelines of the INNCH New Nuclear Build Conference in Shanghai, adding that commercialization was the next stage.
“I think it's workable. The parameters are very low and it's easy to maintain operations,” they added.
While the use of conventional nuclear plants to provide heating is common in Russia and Eastern Europe, China aims to be the first country to build reactors dedicated to the task of warming its cities.
China is pumping billions of yuan into advanced nuclear technology that will not only boost domestic capacity but also strengthen its global presence. It aims to develop a portfolio of reactors capable of powering cities, remote islands, ships, cars and even aeroplanes.
PUBLIC ACCEPTANCE
With northern China still relying on “centralised” heating systems, a DHR in every city could be an ideal solution, said Cheng Huiping, a CNNC technical committee member.
The firm said the technology would use only 2 percent of the radioactive sources used in a conventional 1-gigawatt nuclear power plant, but winning public acceptance remains a hurdle.
“We will have to face 500-600 million ordinary people in northern China and tell them that swimming pool reactors are absolutely safe,” Cheng told a conference earlier this year.
The government is keen on the technology, but cautious about deploying it too quickly, especially amid widespread public anxiety about the risks of nuclear power.
Late last month, Liu Hua, director of China's National Nuclear Safety Administration, acknowledged the DHR was of “great significance” and could help resolve northern China's energy and environmental problems. But they also urged CNNC to do its utmost to prove safety and reliability.
Cost will also be a major factor.
CNNC said that, at an estimated 30-40 yuan per gigajoule, it could end up cheaper than gas, but a nuclear industry consultant told Reuters the economics of the DHR was difficult to predict.
The approval process also remains a long one, said Gu at the SNERDI, with each project expected to undergo a battery of environmental impact and conceptual design assessments.
“I don't think it can be done within five years,” they said.
($1 = 6.6173 yuan)
REUTERS - India's fuel demand rose 6.2 percent in November compared with the same month last year.
People queue as they wait for their turn to fill fuel at a petrol pump in Lucknow, India, November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Pawan Kumar/Files
Consumption of fuel, a proxy for oil demand, totalled 17.41 million tonnes, data from the Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) of the oil ministry showed.
Sales of gasoline, or petrol, were 4.8 percent higher from a year earlier at 2.12 million tonnes.
Cooking gas or liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) sales increased 6.7 percent to 2.00 million tonnes, while naphtha sales fell 6.1 percent to 1.01 million tonnes.
Sales of bitumen, used for making roads, were 16.4 percent up, while fuel oil use edged unchanged in November.
MMQB's Peter King put up their one and only mock draft, which they made clear the day before was of little value. But King also broke little bits of news throughout the exercise, which meant the mock draft can't have been entirely worthless.
In the article, the New England Patriots landed a pair of outstanding linebackers in a draft which boasts elite talent at the position in the first round. Here's a look at how King saw the Patriots' picks playing out. While trades were allowed in this mock, King elected to keep the Patriots in place.
Here's a look at the two picks From MMQB:
23. RASHAAN EVANS, LB, ALABAMA The Patriots are the chameleon of the first round. As of this morning, I cannot see them trading into the top of the draft for a quarterback. But I can see them doing something else big—I just don't know what it is. Trading next year's one? Dealing Gronk? Packaging a lot of picks to go after a beloved played like Bradley Chubb? Mostly, I think the Patriots will stock up on the long-term future. With Evans playing in tandem (at least early) with fellow Tide alum Dont'a Hightower, the Patriots would have a force at linebacker in the next couple years. 31. NEW ENGLAND—LEIGHTON VANDER ESCH, LB, BOISE STATE I realize the Patriots need long-term players, and Vander Esch has worried some teams in the league with cervical issues at Boise, and they have but one very good season on their résumé. Cool story. They played eight-man football in high school in Idaho, and just recently emerged as a strong bottom-of-the-first-round candidate. Some teams have marked them down because of their neck issues, and there's a strong chance the Patriots will be too worried about it to pick them here. We'll see.
Both linebackers would be a boon to the Patriots defense, but in different ways. Vander Esch has the potential to be an every down inside linebacker, who can hold together the run defense with consistency in a way that the Patriots were lacking without Dont'a Hightower. Vander Esch would a BS a favorite to slide above Elandon Roberts on the depth chart.
Evans, on the other hand, might have to compete with Kyle Van Noy for reps on the outside while also taking the EDGE linebacker role which Hightower, James Harrison and others played for the Patriots in 2017.
The beauty of both prospects is that the Patriots could probably rely on them to play any linebacker position in the defense. They are both skilled, athletic and versatile backers, much like Van Noy and Hightower. But with Hightower's injury history and Belichick's proclivity to use sub defenses, the Patriots would benefit from being four-deep at linebacker, especially if they're adding two players who are hardly redundant.
Back in style after 40 years, Luis Valdez's “Zoot Suit” is as custom-tailored a Los Angeles stage experience as they come: Commissioned back in 1977 by Center Theatre Group founding artistic director Gordon Davidson, the show spun its fresh take on L.A. racial tensions into a massive local success, selling out its record-breaking 11-month run, but fizzled after just four weeks on Broadway. Now, timed to CTG's 50th anniversary, “Zoot Suit's” return to the Mark Taper Forum reunites the actors who once starred as the musical's young couple to play the protagonist's parents, and features Oscar nominee Demián Bichir as its signature character, El Pachuco. But this production represents more than just history; it packs an uncanny contemporary relevance as well.
In the 1940s Los Angeles, the zoot suit — with its broad shoulders, billowy legs, and dramatic fabric — served as a flashy, in-your-face exaggeration of mainstream white fashion. The same could be said for Valdez's best-known production, which brought a much-needed Mexican accent to the L.A. theater (and later to the screen) with its bold Chicano-centric retelling of a turbulent chapter in the city's history: specifically, the Sleepy Lagoon murder trial, at which 25 members of the 38th Street Gang were held accountable for the death of José Diaz. (It's a breakthrough that paved the way for the “Hamilton” phenomenon all these years later.)
At the time, in 1942, the white majority felt threatened by these “baby gangsters” with their greased-back haircuts and flamboyant suits, using the newspapers and court to keep the increasingly assertive immigrant population in check. But “Zoot Suit” tells a different story. It tells their story, orchestrated by a mythic figure known as “El Pachuco,” who looms larger than life on stage at all times. This was the role that made Edward James Olmos a star, and it's a sign of progress and respect that it should now be entrusted to Bichir, the first Latino nominated for a lead actor Oscar since Anthony Quinn in 1956.
Before the show, in lieu of a curtain, the stage is masked by a massive Los Angeles Times front page, and El Pachuco makes their entrance by slicing through the headlines with an oversized switchblade. Today, the President accuses “fake news” of leaning left, but at the time, the conservative Press served to uphold the status quo. As such, El Pachuco's defiant gesture trumps the 1930s “Living Newspaper” convention — a style of theater that reenacted current events on stage — and seizes control of the narrative.
Their face pulled back in a grimace framed by an exaggerated frown-shaped moustache, Bichir sports a devilish black-and-red ensemble and lopes about the stage, rolling their R's and swinging their watch chain. Speaking in a hybrid of English, Spanish, and Caló slang (using words like pinche, ese, and cabron that may be lost on gringos), El Pachuco occupies the role of conscience, superego, and Greek chorus in one, exaggerating a dark, potentially threatening Latino image against which the main character, Henry Reyna (Matias Ponce), must define himself.
In the words of El Pachuco, who can control the action with a snap of their fingers, “What you are about to see is a combination of fact and fantasy.” Sure enough, Valdez invented Henry for the play, although they are based on a historical figure who was all too easily demonized by the media. But the play's true villain is the Press — who may as well be labeled “the Man” — embodied here as a white bigot and played by Tom G. McMahon, who switches hats between newsman, cop, and prosecuting attorney. Flipping the script, it's the white characters who are reduced to stereotypes in “Zoot Suit,” while the show lends dimension to Latino roles that were seldom permitted this degree of introspection or growth in other plays.
Henry is a complex character, torn between their machismo pride and the capacity to seek justice within a crooked system. He's seen as fun-loving in the opening musical number, in which Henry, their fiancée Della (Jeanine Mason), and kid brother (Andres Ortiz) dance the swing with nearly the entire ensemble. The choice of music matters, as it demonstrates how the Latino teens aren't necessarily so different after all, though the Press will go out of its way to emphasize and exploit what sets these “outsiders” apart.
A police raid brings the festivities to an abrupt halt, and Henry and their friends are thrown in jail on suspicion of the death the weekend before out at Sleepy Lagoon (a classic Lovers' Lane-like getaway halfway to Long Beach). While Valdez's direction brings a light comic touch to such inherently polemical material, the charges are serious — and swiftly blown out of proportion by the Press, who realizes that such wartime fear-mongering sells newspapers, not anticipating that it can just as easily spark an uprising.
Valdez builds the show around the subsequent trial, bringing in a sympathetic lawyer, George Shearer (Brian Abraham), and civil-rights crusader Alice Bloomfield (Tiffany Dupont) to help their case. While World War II looms somewhere overseas and far off stage, Henry and their friends are busy fighting their own battles at home, and even 75 years later, it's fair to question how much progress has actually been made.
In one of their courtroom speeches, Shearer has Hitler in mind when they reference “a society now at war against the forces of racial intolerance and totalitarian injustice,” and yet, the line earned a spontaneous ovation on opening night of the revival, as if it were written in anticipation of the heightened home-front racism Americans experience today. Valdez's show captures the frustration of being caught on the wrong end of a rigged system, and though it was written long before the Trayvon Martin shooting or the L.A. riots, “Zoot Suit” fits better than ever today.
Trey Songz has been arrested for an alleged assault of a woman.
The singer was accused of hitting a woman in the face during the NBA All-Star weekend and is said to have handed themselves in, accompanied by their attorney Shawn Holley, to Los Angeles police department on Monday morning (03.19.18).
TMZ reports that Trey Songz was released two hours later after posting a bond of $50,000.
Taking to social media earlier on Monday, they wrote: "For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain ... I won?t be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support. ?????? (sic)"
The woman - who had claimed they were "choked and punched" by Trey Songz - had previously been granted a temporary restraining order against him.
The woman's lawyer Lisa Bloom took to Twitter previously: "Update: we obtained the restraining order against Trey Songz this morning. There's no excuse for violence against women. It must stop. It stops when when stand with victims."
Prior to receiving the order, Ms. Bloom said that they had no choice but to seek the restraint because it is an ongoing investigation.
They added: "We took this step today to protect my client's rights to peacefully live and work, and we will continue to fully cooperate with law enforcement's investigation of this serious matter. The room was filled with Mr. Songz's friends and employees. We are asking just one of them with a conscience to reach out to us and tell us what they saw. Don't be a bystander to violence against women."
MEADOW LAKE, SASK.—A caseworker says a teenager who killed four people and injured seven in La Loche, Sask., said they should have killed themselves when they had the chance.Christopher Hales took the stand at the teen's sentencing hearing which is to determine if the teen should be sentenced as an adult or a youth.Hales told a court in Meadow Lake that the teen said they decided to shoot up the school because they wanted to see what it would be like.Read more:La Loche gunman had no clear motive for killing 4, child psychiatrist saysArticle Continued Below‘I'm sorry, man:' Teen gunman in La Loche school shooting told police they had regretsMembers of the RCMP stand outside the La Loche Community School in this file photo from Jan. 2016. A sentencing hearing is to resume Wednesday for a teen who killed four people and injured seven in a shooting in La Loche, Sask. (Jonathan Hayward / THE CANADIAN PRESS) ‘He and they alone needs to own these crimes': La Loche victims speak at sentence hearingHe said the teen told them they got an extremely scary rush after pulling the trigger.
“We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple . Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS,” Apple said in a statement Monday. “We have exciting plans in store and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Shazam, launched in 1999, claims that at least one billion people have downloaded its app and used it to identify songs at least 30 billion times. Its service was one of the first AI products to be used by a broad audience. As Apple faces other tech giants in this increasingly competitive arena, analysts say Shazam could add significant value not only with its own service, but also by making Apple's AI products — namely Siri — smarter about music.
Apple on Monday confirmed it has bought Shazam, the music app that can identify a song by hearing just a snippet of it. The acquisition boosts Apple's position in the music world and advances its artificial intelligence (AI) efforts.
How an app can predict the song of the summer
Shazam confirmed the acquisition in a statement of its own, which seemed to open the possibility that the service would continue after the acquisition. “Shazam is one of the highest-rated apps in the world and loved by hundreds of millions of users and we can't imagine a better home for Shazam to enable us to continue innovating and delivering magic for our users,” the statement said.
Apple did not share further details about the agreement. TechCrunch reported the deal is valued at $400 million, and that Snap and Spotify were also potential buyers.
Music is an important part of Apple's business, particularly as the company prepares to launch its HomePod smart speaker. The speaker was originally slated for release this year, but Apple said last month that it would delay its debut until early next year.
The acquisition is similar to one that Spotify, which leads Apple in the streaming music market, made in 2014 when it purchased a music intelligence firm called the Echo Nest. The Echo Nest creates technology that generates music recommendations. Some saw the Shazam acquisition as an answer to that deal.
“Shazam is Apple's answer to Spotify's Echo Nest,” wrote music industry analyst Mark Mulligan in a blog post. “Now, Apple will be hoping that Shazam will provide it with the tools to start playing catch up. And that's not even mentioning the user acquisition potential Shazam could have when it switches to exclusively pointing to Apple Music. Game on.”
Red Wings goalie Petr Mrazek could be available for the Las Vegas Golden Knights. (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
Go through the gallery to see who Ted Kulfan of The Detroit News projects to be protected, and who will be exposed in the NHL expansion draft.. (Go here if you have trouble viewing the gallery.)
Next week, the Las Vegas Golden Knights will start building their roster.
The NHL expansion team will submit their expansion draft selections Wednesday, June 21, and one Red Wing will be part of the team's inaugural season.
But, who will it be?
Each team must submit a protected list, which will be released on Sunday, leaving the unprotected available for the Golden Knights to select. In addition to the players on the protected list, players with two years or less professional experience (such as Red Wings forward Dylan Larkin) are not eligible to be taken, and do not have to be protected.
Ted Kulfan of The Detroit News offers their take on whom the Red Wings might protect, and who might be exposed.
FRISCO, Texas -- Cliff Harris hears the complaints about the New England Patriots, and they sound familiar.
The Patriots will play in their eighth Super Bowl since 2001 on Sunday against the Philadelphia Eagles. They have five Super Bowl wins; only the Pittsburgh Steelers have more. The more the Patriots win, the more there is to hate. A jealousy rages from 31 other fan bases, whether or not those fan bases want to admit it.
“You find people against them and the only reason is for them going to all these Super Bowls,” said Harris, the Dallas Cowboys' Ring of Honor safety from 1970 to 1979. “I've thought back to during my career and my timing was good enough to play in all five of our Super Bowls in the '70s. I know people resented the Cowboys back then because of the success we had, the media attention, and I definitely think there are people pulling against New England just because.”
From 1966 to 1985, the Cowboys never had a losing record, a 20-year run that is an NFL record. They won 13 division titles. They played in two NFL championship games. They played in 10 NFC Championship Games. They made it to five Super Bowls and won two. They finished first or second in their division 18 times. (They did not make the playoffs in 1974, finishing 8-6, and 1984, finishing 9-7.)
The Patriots have posted a winning record in 18 straight seasons, dating back to their first Super Bowl win following the 2001 season. They have finished first or second in the AFC East every year. They missed the playoffs in 2002 with a 9-7 record and in 2008 with an 11-5 mark. They have won at least 11 games 14 times during this current run.
“That's why I root for them,” Ring of Honor wide receiver Drew Pearson said. “It's pretty easy to root for them this weekend, to root against the Eagles. But I do respect them. I do take offense whenever I hear people try to downgrade their accomplishments because of Deflategate or Spygate. Despite all that, they still had to play, they still had to tackle, they still had to do the things necessary to win football games. What's amazing is they're doing it in this era with the salary cap and free agency. We did it back in the day, seven championship games, all that, but we could do it with the same guys, the same system. It wasn't a transient league the way that it is now.”
Lee Roy Jordan was a Cowboy from 1963 to 1976 and is in the team's Ring of Honor. When they retired, they were the franchise leader in tackles. The Cowboys did not have a winning record until their fourth season. They won fewer than 10 games in just two of their final nine seasons.
“They've won a few more Super Bowls than we did with our run of the Tom Landry era,” Jordan said. “We got there and in the championship games quite often, but we made teams of the century out of the Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers. ... But we expected to win. We thought we had the caliber [of] players and the caliber of coaching that we felt we should win every year.”
The winning brought more winning. It kept the standard high as the players in the mid-1960s gave way to the players of the '70s and into the '80s. The Cowboys never felt they were out of a game, and it wasn't just because of Captain Comeback, Roger Staubach. They simply had a belief.
“We played a lot of teams that jumped out on us and they'd talk a lot of noise, ‘Yeah, we got you, Cowboys,' and we'd be so patient, try to get through what we needed to get through and we'd get to the fourth quarter and you know who would be talking? Us,” Pearson said. “I think the Patriots feel the same way and the opponents feel the same way. They've got to feel the same way.”
As Harris, Jordan and Pearson watch the Patriots, they see the similarities between their teams, and the biggest is the head coach. For 29 years, Landry symbolized the Cowboys' excellence. For the Patriots, it is Bill Belichick and Tom Brady at quarterback.
“They're both kind of quiet, but I think they're both planning on the next play being the play that would win the game or thinking about the next move they make,” Jordan said. “Both were intense with their preparation and everything in the game. And not giving the press too much information [they] could bring up.”
Said Harris, “Coach Landry had a real subtle way of motivating guys through kind of insecurity thing. If you didn't play well, they were like, ‘You're like an amateur drawing pay. You're not a pro. You're an amateur drawing pay.' They had this deal that was set up in our head of what a pro football player really was.”
Belichick has the most playoff wins in NFL history with 28. Landry is second with 20.
“The No. 1 thing I see is discipline and respect,” Pearson said. “We feared Coach Landry, and that was just respect. They fear Belichick, and that's the respect that they have earned. Coach Landry earned that from us. They earned it from the players. They wanted to perform for him. Same with Belichick. ... You have to respect what they tell you. Obviously, we believed everything Coach Landry would tell us. With Belichick, they know how they approach the game. They know their commitment to the game and the success that comes with that commitment. You have to respect it.”
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service centre in San Francisco after the shooting on Wednesday. (Eric Risberg/The Associated Press) A shooting Wednesday at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service centre in San Francisco sent four people to hospital, officials said. CBC 7:40:00 PM CEST
Lakeshore Entertainment has signed Tyler James Williams, Anna Camp, Wanda Sykes, and Jenna Dewan to star opposite Sarah Hyland in “The Wedding Year.”
The project is directed by romantic comedy veteran Robert Luketic. Tom Connolly, Grace Helbig, and Fred Grandy are also starring.
Lakeshore made the announcement Wednesday. Shooting has started in Los Angeles.
Hyland portrays a Los Angeles photographer who has decided that they are never getting married. When they and their new ready-to-settle-down boyfriend are invited to 15 weddings in the same year, the pressure is on to change their mind.
Written by Don Diego, the film will be produced by Lakeshore's Gary Lucchesi, Marc Reid, and Mark Korshak. Hyland will also serve as executive producer.
Luketic's directing credits include “Legally Blonde,” “The Ugly Truth,” and “Monster-in-Law.”
Williams starred in “Dear White People” and currently appears in the Netflix series based on the film. They recently appeared in Kathryn Bigelow's “Detroit,” alongside John Boyega and Anthony Mackie. Williams is repped by Gersh and by Dan Fox at Hansen, Jacobson, Teller, Hoberman, Newman, Warren, Richman, Rush & Kaller.  They are managed by Kris Koller and Sarah Jackson at Seven Summits Pictures & Management.
Camp's credits include “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” and the “Pitch Perfect” franchise. She's repped by UTA and by Ira Schreck and Isaac Dunham of Schreck Rose Dapello Adams Berlin & Dunham.  They are managed by Bob Glennon at Authentic Talent and Literary Management.
The news about Williams was first reported by Deadline.
General News of Wednesday, 25 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
27-year-old, Razak Amidu will reappear before court on May 6
An Accra Circuit Court has remanded a 27-year-old unemployed, Razak Amidu, for robbing one Elizabeth Pascaline of their Iphone X worth GH¢4,500.00 and an amount of GH¢100.00.
Razak was said to have robbed the complainant on April 18, at Maamobi in Accra.
They pleaded not guilty to the charge and was remanded by the court presided over by Mr Aboagye Tandoh.  They are to reappear on May 6.
Police Chief Inspector Kwabena Adu, Prosecuting, told the court that the complainant Elizabeth Pascaline is a trader, staying at Maamobi, while the accused Razak is unemployed, and resides at Railways, Accra.
They said on April 18, the complainant run out of airtime and they went outside their residence to purchase MTN credit card at about 22:00 hours.
They said after the complainant bought the credit, on their way home whilst receiving a call, accused emerged suddenly from their hideout, pulled a knife at them and asked them to hand over to them whatever they were having on them
Mr Adu said the accused at knife point forcibly collected the complainant's IPhone 5x and cash and bolted.
On April 21, at about 00:00 hours, the complainant went to Pig-Farm to buy food and, on their way home spotted the accused at Conka near Maamobi and with the help of the people around, caused their arrest where they were sent to the Kotobabi Police Station.
The prosecution said when Razak was cautioned and they disclosed to Police that, they had committed the offence, but they sold the phone to someone at Nima.
Razak then led the Police to where they allegedly sold the phone, but the buyer was not found.
It says a lot about Peterborough United's overall performance in defeat at home to Southend today (February 3) that the Peterborough Telegraph's man-of-the-match delivered a most flawed individual display.
There was a lot wrong with Marcus Maddison's efforts, but they alone looked likely to unlock the defence of a side struggling in the bottom half of League One.
Posh midfielder Chris Forrester on the ball against Southend. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Jonathan Bond: They were slow to react to danger when conceding the match-winning penalty. They had very little else to do, but they also shanked a few clearance kicks 5
Liam Shephard: Received very little help in the first-half when Southend overloaded down their side of the pitch. Neat and tidy at times, but also appeared rushed and rash at other times 5
Andrew Hughes: Could have been unlucky to see two ‘goals' disallowed, the first of which they despatched superbly, but it was pleasing to see them join in the Posh attacks with postive intent. Pretty reliable defensively 6
Steven Taylor: They looked laboured at times and their distrbution from the back was pretty iffy 5
Posh striker Jack Marriott on the attack against Southend. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Ryan Tafazolli: Far from their most dominant defensively and they might well have got on the end of a couple of well-directed Maddison corners with a bit more determination 5
Anthony Grant: Didn't seem to enjoy the shift to a two-man midfield. Plays with great heart, but they aren't as controlling or as influential as normal 5
Chris Forrester: Took a while to get into the game, but they never threatened to take charge of the midfield areas. Surprisingly withdrawn when Posh were chasing the game ahead of some less creative performers 5
Marcus Maddison: They neglected their defensive duties and they aren't the bravest in a challenge, but if Posh were going score a goal only they were likely to create it. Sent some terrific crosses into the area, played Marriott through on goal and both disallowed goals came from their passes 6.5
George Cooper: One quality cross early on led to a headed chance for Marriott, but they faded from the game very quickly and was predictably substituted 5
Omar Bogle: Didn't put themselves about much for a man of their size, very one-footed, hardly won a header, but hard to be too critical of a man with one Posh training session under their belt 5
Jack Marriott: A great attitude, but they had the chances to give Posh victory or at least a point. Passing and finishing were poor today 5.5
Substitutes
Danny Lloyd: (for Cooper, 71 mins).
Junior Morias: (for Forrester, 71 mins).
Leo Da Silva Lopes: (for Bogle, 80 mins)
Jack Baldwin: (not used).
Joe Ward: (not used).
Conor O'Malley: (not used).
Jermaine Anderson: (not used).
February 2, 2018 (JUBA) - In response to the repeated violations of a cessation of hostilities reached last December, U.S. administration has finally established a weapons embargo on South Sudan pointing to continued violence and brutality against civilians and humanitarian worker.
SPLA soldier stands next to a machine gun mounted on a truck in Malakal town, on December 30, 2013 (Photo Reuters/James Akena)
"The Department of State today announces that it is implementing restrictions on the export of defence articles and defence services into South Sudan," said adding that "the United States is appalled by the continuing violence in South Sudan that has created one of Africa's worst humanitarian crises".
The unilateral measure comes after several attempts by Washington to impose the weapons embargo but Moscow voiced its opposition to the move. Also, it is seen as emblematic because Juba imports its weapons from China, Ukraine and other eastern Europe countries.
"Specifically, the Department of State will amend the International Traffic in Arms Regulations to update the defence trade policy toward South Sudan by application of a policy of denial, with limited exceptions, on the export of defence articles and defence services to South Sudan, including all parties involved in the conflict," further said a statement released on Friday.
The South Sudanese warring parties signed a humanitarian truce to end violence and particularly allow aid workers to reach civilians in the conflict-affected areas across the country. Washington through the Troika was actively involved in the IGAD-brokered agreement.
However, President Festus Mogae last month told the IGAD council of ministers that aid workers continue to face difficulties to reach civilians despite a presidential decree ordering to facilitate the humanitarian access.
Also, speaking before the UN Security Council on 26 January deputy U.N. humanitarian chief Ursula Mueller warned that 1.5 million South Sudanese are on the brink of famine and 20,000 are already in famine conditions.
They further said over 5 million South Sudanese nearly half its population of 12 million are believed to be severely food insecure.
Some 2.4 million South Sudanese have fled to neighbouring countries and 1.9 million are displaced in the country since the start of the armed conflict in 2013.
The State Department said it is seeking support for a UN Security Council embargo on all arms flows into South Sudan and we called on all UNSC members to join Washington in supporting this action.
"The message must be clear – the United States, the region, and the international community will not stand idly by as innocent South Sudanese civilians are murdered. We will continue to take actions against those who foment violence and obstruct the peace process," further stressed the State Department.
Amnesty International issued a statement supporting the "long-overdue" weapons embargo by the American administration and called on the international community to follow the move.
“This long-overdue announcement by the Trump administration must spur the UN Security Council to take greater action to prevent further killings of civilians and other gross human rights violations in South Sudan, by imposing a comprehensive arms embargo to cut off the flow of weapons to the country," said the group.
(ST)
Women are often the ‘glue' that keeps families together and sustains them. They should be supported, respected and given the best opportunity to live empowered and healthy lives.
This year, we ask women and men across the world to take one step today and share this message to be bold for change on behalf of women's health and gender quality. Any call for gender must prioritise the health and well-being of women and girls so they have the opportunity to make positive social and economic contributions to their communities.
MUHAMMAD HAMEES KHAN
Karachi
Related
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Vital Healthcare Property Trust:
* CO ACQUIRES EDEN REHABILITATION HOSPITAL FOR A$23.8 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A man from Russia's Muslim Dagestan region has been charged with links to an illegal armed group, a court official in Dagestan said, years after they began helping families persuade sons recruited by Islamic State to renounce the militants and leave Syria.
Kazim Nurmagomedov, 63, was detained in Moscow on Wednesday and tranferred to Dagestan where they were formally arrested on Thursday on charges of assisting in a crime related to an illegal armed group in Russia or abroad, the official confirmed.
Nurmagomedov has gained prominence by dissuading young men from joining Islamic State and helping families persuade their sons to leave the group's ranks in Syria. They also helped their own son Marat quit Islamic State and leave Syria.
Marat, 33, told Reuters in July from Ukraine that they had joined Islamic State in 2013, but two years later had changed their mind.
They walked across the Syrian border into Turkey and finally settled in Ukraine, they said, slipping in unnoticed thanks to a breakdown in intelligence-sharing between Moscow and Kiev after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.
Everyone in the family had tried to convince Marat, who told Reuters that they had now renounced violent Islamism, to leave Islamic State.
But Marat's brother Shamil, a business person in the Moscow region, was arrested for sending money to help them get out of Syria and charged with financing terrorism.
On Wednesday, Kazim Nurmagomedov was detained as they were leaving Shamil's trial in Moscow, which is still going on, another of their sons, Imagadji, told Reuters.
“Naturally, they (Kazim Nurmagomedov) denies they are guilty,” Imagadji said.
Denis Sokolov, an expert on the northern Caucasus region, said that Kazim appeared to have been arrested at least in part because they had gained prominence with their attempts to dissuade others from joining IS, throwing a spotlight on an issue that might be uncomfortable to Russian authorities.
They said Kazim had befriended many families and encouraged or helped them to try to bring home children who had gone to join Islamic State.
“I don't know anyone else who has extracted that many people from Islamic State, or stopped such a large number from going to join them in the first place,” Sokolov said.
The official at the court in Dagestan declined to comment further on the charges against Kazim.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Porsche is celebrating is 70th anniversary in several ways. It's making a big splash by taking its most advanced race car on a track-time-destroying world tour, and it's preparing its first all-electric model for production. And on a personal level, Porsche is offering a fancy new wristwatch for those who want to remember this celebration on their own time (pun intended).
Created by Porsche Design, the 1919 Datetimer 70Y Sports Car is a limited edition 42 mm watch powered by a Swiss movement. The outside features a titanium case, and the black and grey dial is protected by sapphire crystal. The movement is the Swiss Sellita SW 200-1, which offers not only the standard hours, minutes, and seconds, but also includes the date. This automatic watch has a power reserve of up to 38 hours.
The face sports a clean aesthetic that arises from the use of the familiar Porsche font. Anything from Porsche Design carries such a simple and elegant visual appeal. Above the "6" sits a silhouette of the Porsche 356 and the date 1948. That would be the year Porsche got its first road car into production, and that's what this watch is meant to honor.
A limited-edition watch, Porsche is only offering 1,948 examples for sale. Sadly, the price isn't also $1,948. It's not that much higher, though, with a retail price of $3,248. That's quite surprising when you consider that Porsche Design loves sticking ridiculous price tags on otherwise standard items, like this $3,500 soundbar, or these $1,100 sunglasses. By comparison, a Swiss-movement, limited-edition watch for $3,248 is downright reasonable, though a red watch band will run another $500.
If you really need to spend more money, buy a GT2 RS to qualify for another Porsche watch. It will keep time just as well, yet cost $15,000 more, not to mention the price of the car.
All indications are that President Trump next week will decline to certify Iran as in compliance with the nuclear agreement negotiated by former President Obama. So report Eliana Johnson of Politico and Adam Kredo of the Washington Free Beacon, among others.
I don't see how Trump, in good faith, can certify that Iran is complying. Last week the head of the IAEA revealed that their organization can't verify that Iran is fully implementing the nuclear deal — specifically Section T which prohibits certain activities related to “the design and development of a nuclear explosive device” — because Iran has barred inspectors from military sites where those activities would be occurring.
In addition, Senators Tom Cotton, Ted Cruz, David Perdue, and Marco Rubio have pointed to four ways in which Iran is out of compliance. Any one of them is grounds for non-certification. So, for that matter, is a finding that the agreement is not “vital to the national security interests of the United States.”
If Trump doesn't certify the deal, what happens then? Eliana Johnson reports that Trump's national security team has unanimously recommended that the president NOT push Congress to reimpose sanctions on Iran that could cause the deal to unravel. Congress has the power to reimpose sanctions within 60 days of White House non-certification, but is not required to.
In lieu of such sanctions, the White House would serve up new non-nuclear sanctions — ones that don't violate the agreement with Iran. In addition, the administration would target Iranian-backed militias and terrorist groups, including Lebanon-based Hezbollah, and the financial web that facilitates them.
Iran has warned that if the U.S. reimposes sanctions lifted pursuant to the deal, it might press ahead vigorously with its nuclear program. That threat seems quite plausible.
Clearly, the U.S. would need a plan to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. John Bolton has developed such a plan. It's a serious one, as would be expected from Bolton.
However, there's a good chance, I think, that military action would be required to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear power in fairly short order following its abrogation of the deal. Is Trump prepared to take military action against Iran or to back such action by Israel?
If not, then reluctance by Trump and/or their team to scuttle the deal is understandable.
Special Correspondent
Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has the Sindh province was a citadel of Bhuttoism, which binds the people of all colours, creed and religions and announced a total rout out opponents from the province in 2018 general elections.
The PPP Chairman said that their Party will win elections in all the four provinces overwhelmingly to form next elected governments in Center and provinces as well.
The Chairman PPP Bilawal Bhutto Zardari and President PPP-P Asif Ali Zardari jointly headed the Parliamentary Board which conducted interviews from hundreds of Party aspirants from three divisions including Sukkur, Mirpurkhas and Shaheed Benazirabad for different National and Provincial Assemblies seats at Bilawal House on Wednesday. Other members of the Board present during the interviews included President PPP Women Wing Faryal Talpur, Senator Sherry Rehman, Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Syed Khursheed Shah, Murad Ali Shah, Naveed Qamar, Nisar Ahmed Khuhro, Waqar Mehdi and Shagufta Jumani.
Bilawal said all the members who have applied for Party tickets are equally respectable for the Party and the Parliamentary Board will decide the tickets after looking into the collective Party interest, ground realities, political and electoral strategy of the Party
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Blake Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and the Detroit Pistons pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Sacramento Kings 106-90 on Monday night.
Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers — one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season.
On a night when the Kings' Vince Carter had seven points to move past Patrick Ewing into 22nd place on the NBA's career scoring list, Griffin led Detroit to the lopsided win with another in a string of big games this month.
Toronto fans turned out in droves to Maple Leafs Square in front of the Air Canada Centre Monday evening to see their team take a 2-1 series lead over the Washington Capitals Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
If we are still treating this as a classroom — a bloody, sweaty, fight-to-live-every-second classroom — then the Toronto Maple Leafs are learning lessons about themselves, and about the Washington Capitals, too. They had already twice wrestled on the tightrope with the league-leading Capitals, but they trailed for just 3:19 in the first two games, and the Capitals admitted they were chasing the kids, rather than the other way around. Those were the games that proved they belonged. But Game 3 was harder. The Capitals scored fast, then again, and for the first time in the series the Leafs felt outclassed, for a longer stretch than they had seen. Passes found oil slicks, the neutral zone was a trap. Washington could have blown this thing wide open, and taken control. And then a funny thing happened: this team, boy. This team. Down 3-1 midway through the game, the Leafs came all the way back, and for a third straight game, they forced the thing to overtime. And after Lars Eller took a high-sticking penalty with 16 seconds left, 97 seconds into overtime they regained the zone, and Nazem Kadri slipped a little pass to Tyler Bozak in the slot. It was redirected just right, and the puck went flying into the net. 4-3, Leafs. The place went crazy. They lead the series against the mighty Capitals 2-1. It's been so long since there was a Leafs team you could like, and you could believe in. This is that team.
Article Continued Below
They had to come all the way back first. Down 2-0, some hitting brought the crowd back to life, and Auston Matthews steamed to the net and stayed with a bouncing puck all the way to a goal. 2-1. In the second period Washington went up 3-1 and got two minutes of 5-on-3. Hoo boy. But they killed that penalty, and another one for too many men. They nearly scored on a play that required Caps goaltender Braden Holtby to stray 40 feet from their crease, and barely beat Mitch Marner for the puck. And after skidding all over the road for a few minutes — it could have ended there, or back on either of the powers plays — Kadri finished a good shift by the fourth line when they banked a puck off Brooks Orpik's posterior, which was somehow wrapped around Connor Brown in front. 3-2. Wait. Kuznetsov was stopped on a prime drive in front, and Zach Hyman chased a puck the other way and got it to Matthews, who slipped a no-look pass to William Nylander, who collected their own rebound and tied the game with 40 seconds left in the second period.
This team. Before the game, Washington centre Eller described the playoffs by saying, “There's just not many teams that are lucky enough to dominate from first puck drop to the last game and feel like they're in control all the time. You have to get comfortable knowing that you might not be in control at certain points. And that's just trusting in your ability, and no sense of panic.” They were echoed by Leafs defenceman Connor Carrick said, “When the game's happening to you, you know, and you're the guy who's on the wrong side of it, that's when it's difficult. And usually it takes one or two right plays and you're settled in. But it's a breathing exercise, too. You turn around and say, this all is noise; this is where the game's played. And that's it.” That was the Leafs. They trusted themselves, their system, their ability. When they did panic — and make no mistake, there were long stretches when they were teetering on the edge of a breakdown, with the puck a live fish and the Capitals one play from putting this thing on the top shelf, away from the kids — they righted themselves. They played the game. They did it with Kadri and Leo Komarov taking clean, physical runs at Orpik and Alexander Ovechkin, respectively. They did it with Matthews' ability to drive and track a puck that bounced off one defenceman, off another defenceman, off the goalie and was still dancing there at the edge of the crease, waiting to get tapped. They did it with Brian Boyle and Matt Martin fighting for a puck, creating a shift that was finished by Brown's fight in front. They did it with Hyman's shovel-and-plow approach, which was the stated reason they were left on Matthews's line all season, and which paid off. They did it with everyone's urgency, and Nylander's cool. They controlled the shot attempts at 5-on-5 in a way they hadn't in the first two games. The Matthews line was dominant; Morgan Rielly and Jake Gardiner were great. The alliterative fourth line was an asset, and in a game where it looked like the Leafs could get smashed, they learned they can be uncomfortable, and come back to control a game, as much as it can be controlled. They turned it into another fight for one play, one bounce. The Leafs could have lost this game. Washington had every chance to not just take back control of the series, but to send a message that it was their series to take. But the Leafs took it back.
The Twitter executive exodus continues. CTO Adam Messinger and COO Adam Bain are among those to have left the company in recent months and now you can add Twitter's head of its business in China to that list.
Kathy Chen was hired seven months ago as Twitter's managing director of Greater China based out of its Hong Kong office, but they have exited the company following restructuring in Asia. That was part of company-wide changes that included the layoff of nine percent of Twitter's staff and the exit of a number of high-profile leaders.
Chen, who had never used Twitter before last year, was a controversial appointment when they joined Twitter in April 2016 as its first Greater China MD. Them past employment and apparent government association raised concern in China.
Recognizable names like Cisco and Microsoft apart, Quartz report that Chen previously spent seven years researching missile defense at the People's Liberation Army and also served as CEO of a joint venture from China's Ministry of Public Security that specialized in security and, potentially, surveillance.
Twitter is blocked in China, but like Facebook and others it serves advertisers in the country who want to reach a global audience. Chen headed up that charge, but a reorganization in Asia — which has included the departures of those in charge of India, Southeast Asia and Australia — now means its Asia team handles Chinese clients, hence Chen is now headed for pastures new with no direct replacement.
7/12 Now that the Twitter APAC team is working directly with Chinese advertisers, this is the right time for me to leave the company. — Kathy Chen (@kathychen2016) December 31, 2016
In a 12-part tweetstorm announcing their exit, they claimed that Twitter's had increased revenue from Chinese ad partners by close to 400 percent over the past two years. Chen added that Twitter's Hong Kong office will remain open despite their exit and earlier reports that it would be shuttered.
Chen said they plan to take a rest before looking at “more international business opportunities” in the future.
July 4th, is a holiday that represents freedom, and independence. But did you know there's actually some discrepancy about what the “real” Independence Day should be?
So we wanted to know is July 4th the most historically accurate day to celebrate? For the answer we checked the national archives.
One look at the Declaration of Independence and the answer seems pretty obvious, it's right at the top of the page in big letters -- July 4, 1776.
But, according to the national archives, July 2, 1776 is the day the Continental Congress actually voted for independence.
John Adams, in their writings, even noted that July 2, would be "remembered in the annals of American history and would be marked with fireworks and celebrations."
The document just happened to be dated July 4th, and it wasn't actually completely signed until August 2nd.
So we can go ahead and verify that historically, the United States was technically "free" two days earlier.
© 2018 KCEN
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. — Takal Molson and Jermaine Crumpton posted double-doubles and Canisius used a late surge to take a 73-67 victory over Marist on Friday night.
Molson had 21 points and 10 rebounds and Crumpton 18 points and a career-high 16 boards for the Golden Griffins (14-9, 8-2 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference), who bounced back from a loss to Niagara to win for the fifth time in six starts. Isaiah Reese added 21 points. Crumpton's double-double is a career first; Molson's is their second.
The Red Foxes (5-18, 3-8) had led the entire second half, by as many as 11, when Canisius took the lead on Jibreel Faulkner's dunk with 5:35 to go. An 8-0 spurt extended the Griffins' lead to 71-62 with 37 seconds remaining.
Marist outshot Canisius 53 to 35 per cent but had 24 turnovers.
And it's not just marijuana: Rates of teen alcohol, tobacco and heroin use are down sharply in the state, as well.
State-level numbers from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health show that a little more than 9 per cent of Colorado teens age 12 to 17 used marijuana monthly in 2015 and 2016, a statistically significant drop from the prior period. That's the lowest rate of monthly marijuana use in the state since 2007 and 2008.
Following legalization, the rate of adolescent marijuana use in Colorado has fallen to its lowest level in nearly a decade, according to new federal survey data.
For state-level data, the survey uses pooled two-year periods to increase sample sizes and statistical accuracy. Last year the survey showed that Colorado was ranked No. 1 in the nation on adolescent marijuana use, a fact seized by marijuana opponents to argue that legalization was failing to protect children from drug use.
Colorado, which was the first in the nation to open recreational marijuana markets in 2014, is viewed as a bellwether by both opponents and supporters of legalization.
With the sharp drop in this year's data, Colorado has fallen to No. 7 in the national ranking of teen marijuana use, behind Alaska, Maine, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont. A separate survey administered by officials in Colorado has found that teens in the state are in the middle of the pack on marijuana use.
“Teen use appears to be dropping now that state and local authorities are overseeing the production and sale of marijuana,” said Brian Vicente of Vicente Sederberg LLC, one of the drafters of Colorado's marijuana ballot measure, in a statement. “There are serious penalties for selling to minors, and regulated cannabis businesses are being vigilant in checking IDs.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is an outspoken critic of marijuana legalization, but thus far they have hewed to the prior administration's policy of non-interference with state-level legalization efforts. While marijuana remains illegal at the federal level, voters in eight states plus the District have legalized the recreational use of the drug. Lawmakers in Vermont have signalled they will legalize the recreational use of marijuana early next year.
The new federal data shows that adolescent marijuana use fell nationwide in 2016. In no states did the share of teens using pot increase by a significant amount, and in a number, including California, Colorado, Maryland, New Jersey and Texas, rates of teen marijuana use fell considerably.
Use is up, however, among young adults age 18 to 25 and adults age 26 and up. Alcohol use, meanwhile, is falling across the board, according to the federal survey data.
In Colorado, for instance, the number of 18-to-25-year-olds using alcohol on a monthly basis fell by four percentage points between 2014-2015 and 2015-2016. That's the group with the highest propensity to use marijuana, suggesting that a number of young adults are opting to smoke weed instead of get drunk now that the option is available to them.
If that's the case, it could be a big public-health win, considering what public-health experts know about the harmfulness of marijuana vis-à-vis booze.
A Labour government under Jeremy Corbyn could move large parts of the Bank of England — housed in the City of London since 1694 — to Birmingham should it win the next election, as part of a radical overhaul of financial markets oversight in the UK.
The move is part of a planned restructure to tackle economic inequality across the country, outlined in a document published by east London-based think tank GFC Economics and Clearpoint Corporation Management. The findings were first reported by the Financial Times.
The report, commissioned by Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell, suggested moving some of the Bank of England's functions to the UK's second-largest city, while also establishing offices in Glasgow, Cardiff and Belfast, and two smaller regional units in Newcastle and Plymouth.
“As a central bank sitting at the heart of the UK financial system, the Bank of England needs to be playing an active, leading role, ensuring banks are helping UK companies to innovate,” the report said.
The relocation of the central bank is just one of the recommendations made.
In its June 2017 general election manifesto, Labour pledged to create a National Investment Bank that would identify areas that needed capital injections. Today's report recommended basing this institution in Birmingham alongside a Strategic Investment Board that would be created to “facilitate coordination between the Treasury, the Bank of England and the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy”.
This would re-establish the link between the real economy and the banking sector, it added.
Based side-by-side, the Bank of England, National Investment Bank and Strategic Investment Board would constitute a new “economic policy” hub that could sit close to the main train station. This way, it should also provide the opportunity to upgrade the regional railway networks.
The report said: “The Financial Policy Committee is currently focussed on eliminating perceived ‘risks' within the financial sector. However, it takes a narrow approach by concentrating on banking resilience (regulatory capital and liquidity), without sufficient regard to the wider second-round impact of its policies.”
It said the banking sector should be geared towards stimulating productive investment. “Only this will truly reduce the systemic risks currently facing the UK,” it said. “There is a clear need to re-establish the linkages between the real economy and the UK banks.”
In August, McDonnell appeared alongside union representatives who were on strike over pay rises issued to Bank of England staff. It was the first strike at the central bank in more than 50 years.
To contact the author of this story with feedback or news, email Elizabeth Pfeuti
Hyderabad
The speakers at a peace conference have emphasised the need of spreading the message of Sufi Saints in order to counter extremism and terrorism and bringing peace and tranquillity in the society. Sindh is the land of great Sufi Saints who always preached the message of love, peace, affection and brotherhood and there is the need to spread over these universal messages in every nook and corner which not only help to counter extremism and terrorism but also ensure the interfaith harmony and peace in the society, they added.
The speakers emphasised this while addressing the “Peace Conference” organised by Odero Lal Welfare Society Tando Adam at Odero Lal on Sunday night. Fatima Brohi, Mehwish Abbasi, Masood Jamali, Mustafa Baloch, Baba Rajkumar alias Raju, Dr. Ashu Thamma, Wahid Sangrasi and Punhal Sariyo were among prominent who deliver their speeches in different sessions of the conference.
The speaker Punhal Sariyo said intolerance is against the teachings of Islam as it always promoted extremism and created gulf among the people of all sects and religions therefore the philosophy of humanity based on love, peace and affection could not prevail in the society until and unless setting aside the extremism and removal of misunderstandings among the people.
Dr. Ashu Thamma said that conflicts and riots on basis of extremism always brought destruction in the society with promotion of terrorism and killing of innocent persons.—APP
SOUTHERN PREBLE COUNTY — Congratulations to Camden's own Kody Evans of Kody Evans Racing. They secured their fifth first-place victory this past weekend at Molar Raceway in Williamsburg and their sixth win of the year at Atomic Speedway in Chillicothe.
Continue to follow them on Facebook and support this local talent.
Benefit: T-shirts in memory of Daniel Smith of Camden to benefit their family are on sale by contacting Ryan or Brittany Turner via Facebook. The shirts “Smitty D” with a cobra and their birth and death are available up to size 5x. A Go Fund Me page is also set up in their name.
Fundraiser: Tickets are available to Camden Somers Fire “Zoup Soup” fundraiser on Saturday, Oct. 21, from 2-5 p.m. at the station during Camden's Black Walnut Festival. Tickets in advance are $10 adult,$5 under 5. See any firefighter or stop by the station.
Winner:Congratulations to Cameron Haber of Camden for their second place win at The Preble County Pork Festival for their drawing of Charlotte's Web.
Oink oink: Gasper Twp. Fire Association is raffling off a processed hog. Tickets are $10 each and will be given away on Oct. 22, at the department's annual spaghetti dinner. Tickets for either can be purchased at the station or from any member.
Fire Prevention: The Gratis Volunteer Fire Department will host its annual fire prevention open house on Monday Oct. 9, from 6-9 p.m. Come join Gratis and West Elkton Gratis Twp. Fire, Gratis Rescue,Careflight and more. Refreshments will be served. Call 787-4592 for information.
Festival: The Great Camden Black Walnut Festival will be held Saturday and Sunday, Oct. 21-22, from 9 a.m.-5 p.m. on the streets of Camden. Car show Saturday, parade Saturday, craft vendors, lots of good food, homemade goods and more.
Birthday: Jayce Forrer, Eli Forrer, Carrie Forrer, Wanda Forrer Bowman, Kylan Oney.
Honor: Let's support our veterans on Veterans Weekend, Oct. 12 . Don't miss the opportunity to shake one's hand or speak up and show your support for their sacrifice and service to defend our flag.
Gratis Bicentennial: Come join the fun at the closing ceremony of the bicentennial capsule. There will be live music, train blowup for the kids, auction of Peter Frampton album, souvenirs and more. The event runs from 1-4 p.m. For more info, contact the village office at 937-787-3728.
They're home: James and Dalton White from Camden have made it home safe from Florida, where they had been assisting flood victims. Thanks for your contribution.
New Church: Pastor Jeff Bridgeford of Oxford, a Preble Shawnee graduate, is the new pastor of Bridgepoint Community Church, located at the corner of U.S. 127 and Somerville Rd. Pastor Bridgeford takes over on Oct. 15, at 10:30 a.m. They will also hold a Wednesday night service. The congregation invites all to attend.
New this morning on their Daily Stormer site:
THIS SITE IS NOW UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS
WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM
FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE
THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE
WE HAVE ALL OF THE DETAILS ON THE SERVERS AND WILL BE RELEASING THE DATA WHEN WE FEEL THE TIME IS RIGHT
WE HAVE ALSO GATHERED LOCATIONAL DATA ON ANGLIN HIMSELF AND ARE SENDING OUR ALLIES IN LAGOS TO PAY HIM A VISIT IN PERSON
THIS EVIL CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO STAND
IT TOOK A UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD TO BREACH THE SYSTEMS AND THE FIREWALL
WE HAVE HAD THE DAILY STORMER IN OUR SITES FOR MONTHS NOW
THE EVENTS OF CHARLOTTESVILLE ALERTED US TO THE NEED FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION
WE WANT YOU NAZIS TO KNOW: YOUR TIME IS SHORT
WE WILL ALLOW THE SITE TO REMAIN ONLINE FOR 24 HOURS SO THE WORLD CAN WITNESS THE HATE
THEN WE WILL SHUT IT DOWN
PERMANENTLY
HACKERS OF THE WORLD HAVE UNITED IN DEFENSE OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE
YOU SHOULD HAVE EXPECTED US
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said they would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. They called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, according to their lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied their request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, they are due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
No need to travel to the North or South poles.
To see a breathtaking light show this winter, residents need not look further than Montage Mountain Resorts.
The Torchlight Parade & Fireworks takes place Saturday at the ski resort, 1000 Montage Mountain Road, with family-friendly activities, games and events. The event lights up the night with a torchlight show down the main slope and PyroMusical fireworks display after the sun goes down.
Notoriously a skier's weekend, Presidents Day weekend makes for one of the resort's most popular times of year, said Montage Mountain director of marketing Jeff Slivinski. In its fourth year, the Torchlight Parade & Fireworks continues to gain more revelers.
“It definitely gets pretty busy,” they said. “The turnout has grown every single year.”
The day kicks off with a demonstration with Gilson Snowboards at 11 a.m., and guests can test and try out snowboards and gear into the afternoon.
Characters appear throughout the day, including Tux from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, Woody from “Toy Story” and more favorites. Families can enjoy games and activities, and a photographer will roam the mountain to capture the fun throughout the day.
“Lots of family fun going on,” Slivinski said. “It's definitely a family-oriented event, but there's something for everyone.”
The Light Torch parade begins at dusk with 75 to 100 of the resort's staff members gliding down its Main Line with glowing torches. Then, a PyroMusical fireworks display bursts bright in the sky. The mountain's white snow reflects the sky's bright colors, giving a 360-degree experience.
“It's a cool effect to see,” Slivinski said. “It's a different experience than people are used to if they only came here to ski. We want everyone to come out.”
Nowhere Slow Duo will perform from 1 to 5 p.m. in Slocum Hollow Bar & Restaurant, where food and drinks will be available for purchase. All games and activities throughout the day are free, but a lift ticket is required if guests want to ski, snowboard, air board or snow tube. A photo contest offers free lift tickets to lucky winners, picked at random, who post photos of themselves at the event to social media with the hashtag #MountainMemories.
Presidents Day Weekend Torchlight Parade & Fireworks serves as a highlight of Montage Mountain's packed winter schedule, Slivinski said.
“It's a great way to get in the winter,” they added. “To do something unique you never thought you'd be doing.”
Contact the writer: gmazur@timesshamrock.com, @gmazurTT on Twitter
If you go
What: Presidents Weekend Torchlight Parade & Fireworks
When: Saturday, 11 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Where: Montage Mountain Resorts, 1000 Montage Mountain Road
Details: The event is free but a lift ticket is required if guests would like to ski, snowboard, airboard or tube. For more information, visit montagemountainresorts.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tradespeople working on Bristol City Council projects have been guaranteed top working conditions.
Mayor Marvin Rees has signed a Unite Construction Charter which commits the authority to good health and safety, a high standard of work, apprenticeship training and nationally agreed terms of employment.
They publicly signed the charter on Tuesday.
Mayor Rees said: “As we are in the process of delivering on major housing and infrastructure projects it's great that we are moving forward with ethical construction practices and I am delighted to work with Unite to make construction sites in the city fairer and safer.”
The council is building more homes than it has at any other time in the past 30 years. It completed 56 homes last year, this year completed 80 and hopes soon to be building hundreds every year.
Unite regional political officer Karen Cole said: “We welcome Bristol City Council's commitment to the city's construction workers. The charter will help local workers to operate in a safe environment on construction sites and to ensure they can raise health and safety issues without fear."
In May, representatives from Unite give a presentation to a South Gloucestershire Council cabinet meeting which urged the authority to protect construction workers in the area by signing up to the Construction Charter.
(Image: Bristol Post)
The union says the council leader indicated that the charter is something they are prepared to consider.
Ms Cole continued: “Unite has had a positive response from the leader of South Gloucestershire Council to the charter and we hope the council will be following Bristol City Council's lead shortly and sign up to Unite's Construction Charter.”
Unite is Britain and Ireland's largest trade union with over 1.4 million members working across all sectors of the economy. The general secretary is Len McCluskey.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Netizens have the wrong idea about what their web browser's "private" or "incognito" mode actually does.
This is according to researchers at the University of Chicago, in the US, and Leibniz University Hannover, in Germany, who this week declared that folks mistakenly believe that by enabling the incognito browsing mode, they are fully shielded from online tracking and malware.
It's a little like some Tesla owners thinking Autopilot is, judging by the name, fully autonomous driving, rather than super-cruise-control.
The uni study [PDF] showed 460 volunteers with a fictional browser called Onyx that used one of 13 different private browsing modes taken from actual browsers, such as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Brave. Participants were shown the private browsing windows along with hypothetical scenarios, and asked whether they thought their data would be kept private in this private mode.
As it turns out, a lot of people had the wrong idea about what is and isn't saved. The study found that 56.3 per cent of participants thought that logging into a Google account in private mode would prevent searches from being saved to the account's history, and 46.5 per cent thought that bookmarks saved in private mode would not show up under standard mode. 40.2 per cent mistakenly believed that private mode would prevent a website from tracking their location.
Private browsing isn't: Boffins say smut-mode can't hide your tracks READ MORE
It gets worse: 27.1 per cent of users believed private mode offered them better protection against malware, and 25.2 per cent said they believed that setting the browser to private mode would obscure their public IP address.
"We found that browsers' disclosures fail to correct the majority of the misconceptions we tested," the researchers wrote. "These misconceptions included beliefs that private browsing mode would prevent geolocation, advertisements, viruses, and tracking by both the websites visited and the network provider."
While ignorance plays a major part in the problem, the uni brainiacs said that developers aren't helping matters much when they refer to their incognito browsing modes as being a "private" setup that would guard users from tracking or data collection.
"The term 'private' is heavily overloaded, and our results suggest the name 'private mode' implies unintended meanings," the researchers concluded.
"When disclosures claim users can 'browse privately' (Chrome), users may refer back to their broader conceptualization of privacy."
Rather, the eggheads said, browser makers should be more clear on just what their incognito browsing modes do and, more importantly, don't do to cover up users' tracks. ®
Hints'n'tips If you really want to hide your public IP address, and geo-IP location, try using Tor, or VPN to your own throwaway box using Algo or Outline. If you use a VPN, you'll still be identifiable from your VPN server's public IP address, but you get the added bonus of encrypting traffic between yourself and the VPN instance. To avoid malware, try using Google's Safe Browsing or Microsoft's Windows Defender Browser Protection. Consider installing an ad-blocker, such as uBlock Origin, to stop malicious scripts, thwart trackers, and prevent bad adverts from loading – but please whitelist ad-supported sites you enjoy reading, such as The Register. If you have any recommendations, post away in the comments.
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The 5-county vocal contests were hosted by Vanessa Baker at the Cheyenne High School. In the High School Vocal Solo category they had three students place. Amber Little received a 1+ on here solo, Hannah Arbaugh received a 1 on their vocal solo, and Callee Lester received a 1+ on their vocal solo. Callee Lester also received the 5-County High School Vocal Soloist Award. Under the Junior High Vocal Solo category we had four students place.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indian Toners & Developers Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT 61.2 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 46.6 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 287.1 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 267.3 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
by Tom Utescher
For visiting Springside Chestnut Hill Academy, an offensive drought that was accompanied by a defensive letdown set the tone for last Tuesday's Inter-Ac League basketball contest at the Academy of Notre Dame.
The Blue Devils held a one-point edge in the middle of the opening quarter, but then the host Irish bridged the first and second periods with an 18-0 run from which SCH never recovered.
Down 39-18 at the half, the visitors climbed back within 14 points (45-31) of the leaders five minutes into the third quarter, but got no closer. A three-pointer by SCH junior Joelle Bridges at the very end of the game locked in a 69-52 final score.
The Blue Devils recrossed the Schuylkill with an overall record of 10-14 and an Inter-Ac mark of 4-7 with only a rematch with Penn Charter remaining on the schedule. Notre Dame improved to 13-11, 7-4.
The contest reunited two former Norwood Fontbonne Academy teammates who are now both seniors and team captains, SCH forward Chloe Burns and Notre Dame guard Kara Celano. Each would score nine points in the game.
Notre Dame has always relied on strong guard play, and this was even more true for the Irish last Tuesday, when 6'1″ first-year student center Riley Shaak was home sick.
One of the back court players, senior Jill Kane, was playing in front of their older sister Devon, a former First Team All-Big East guard for Villanova University who was back home visiting from their new home on the West Coast. The younger Kane did not disappoint their sibling, setting the scoreboard in motion with a three-pointer in the opening minute, and then netting three more triples and posting a total of 14 points before the first half ended.
After sophomore guard Mandy McGurk scored the first of their four first-half field goals on a drive to make it 5-0, junior guard Emily McNesby got the Blue Devils on the board with 5:15 to go in the first period. Following a lay-up by Kane, SCH had Burns hit two free throws and a lay-up, and junior forward Nya Searight scored from the paint as well. This moved the visitors ahead, 8-7, with two-and-a-half minutes left in the first quarter.
Celano and 5'11” senior Tess Phillips each put in a pair of free throws for the Irish, setting the stage for an 18-0 surge. Three-point buckets by first-year student Allie Lynch and senior Casey Walsh made it 17-8 at the quarter. Walsh has been their team's high scorer in many games and the Blue Devils would limit them to five points, but the SCH defense gave up a lot of points elsewhere.
As the second quarter began, McGurk hit from near the foul line and Kane lobbed in two more treys, putting the hosts up 25-8 two minutes into the new period. SCH sophomore guard Kara Kniezewski (another Norwood grad) hit a “three” from the right corner to end the Irish streak.
McNesby then scored off a steal to get the guests back within a dozen (25-13), but then Notre Dame was off on another run, this one an 11-2 burst as the Irish moved the ball around in clinical fashion on offense.
Kniezewski and Notre Dame guard Charlotte Bradley exchanged three-point field goals at the end of the half, and the tally was 39-18 at the break.
SCH's Seawright scored 10 of their 12 total points after the interlude to lead all second-half scorers, but Phillips had eight of their 10 in the second half to hold up Notre Dame's end in the paint. Kane added another “three” to their haul, giving them a game-high 17 points.
Notre Dame was leading 54-32 late in the third quarter, but McNesby supplied SCH with the last five points of the period. First they made a pair of free throws, then in the final seconds they found the ball in their hands after the Blue Devils put it in play from their own baseline. They made it just a few steps over half-court on the right wing before heaving up a desperation shot that found the hoop.
Still, the Irish had a comfortable 54-37 advantage at the three-quarter mark, and were able to use their full bench in a 15-15 fourth period.
McNesby ended up with a team-high 13 points for Springside Chestnut Hill, matching McGurk's output for the victors.
Following McNesby, Searight, and Burns in the SCH scoring were Kniezewski with six points, Bridges and sophomore Caroline Clark with four apiece, and junior Destiny Rogers and sophomore Savannah Sweitzer with two points each.
For Notre Dame, the output of Kane, McGurk, Phillips (eight rebounds) and Celano was supplemented by Bradley and Walsh (five points each), junior Marissa Mycek (four), Lynch (three), sophomore Caitlyn Mullen (two), and sophomore Emma Kichula (one).
Making women like your technology starts with listening to the women working on it. That's not what former VP of marketing at Magic Leap Tannen Campbell says they experienced while on the job.
Campbell was brought in by the company to help improve Magic Leap's appeal to women but they are now suing the augmented reality startup for sexual discrimination.
In a lawsuit filed in the southern district court of Florida, Campbell alleges company CEO Rony Abovitz brought them in to solve the company's “pink/blue problem,” referring to the disproportionate ratio of men to women in leadership positions at Magic Leap.
However, Campbell claims it was an uphill battle to change a company culture of misogyny and that leadership blocked their efforts to make changes more friendly to women. According to the complaint, they tried for seven months to get Abovitz to attend a presentation on gender diversity that included proposed changes to make the startup a more friendly environment. But, says the suit, the CEO walked out halfway through the meeting after finally listening to the presentation.
Campbell says they also proposed a mentorship program pairing men and women together, increasing paternity leave to show Magic Leap valued child-rearing as both a male and female role, tying diversity to bonuses and implementing unconscious-bias training — all of which the suit says were ignored by senior executives at the startup.
Campbell was later fired for what they allege was a challenge to Abovitz to “acknowledge the depths of misogyny in Magic Leap's culture and take steps to correct a gender imbalance that negatively affects the company's core culture and renders it so dysfunctional it continues to delay the launch of a product that attracted billions of investment dollars,” according to the suit.
Magic Leap has raised $1.39 billion, including from well-known investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins, Google, JPMorgan, Fidelity and Alibaba and promises to mix the line between the real and augmented world. The company website shows a giant whale jumping out of basketball court, for instance.
SCOOP!!! This is the FIRST PUBLIC PHOTO of MAGIC LEAP https://t.co/6hPEMe6eCg pic.twitter.com/oWKBJvKmza — Alternative Dave (@redletterdave) February 11, 2017
Though doubts about the product continue to plague the startup. Just this month, Magic Leap finally revealed a first look at its hardware, causing many to joke that it looked like a backpack or a leaf blower.
And though sexual discrimination lawsuits are often hard to win, the lawsuit is just another chink in the billion-dollar startup's virtual exterior.
We've reached out to both Campbell and Magic Leap for more on this case but have so far not heard back. We'll be sure to update you when we do.
Featured Image: agsandrew/Shutterstock
DONALDSONVILLE (AP) — A company based in Taiwan plans to build a $9.4 billion chemical manufacturing complex on a 2,400-acre (970-hectare) site in Louisiana, officials announced Monday.
Gov. John Bel Edwards and Formosa Petrochemical Corp. Executive Vice President Keh-Yen Lin announced the plans for the plant in St. James Parish, between Baton Rouge and New Orleans.
The project is expected to provide 1,200 permanent jobs with average salaries of $84,500 and up to 8,000 construction jobs, according to a state news release.
The plant will be the parish's largest industry, Parish President Timmy Roussel said.
It will add about $28 million a year in property taxes once the exemption offered as an industrial incentive expires, Roussel told The Advocate . The parish now gets about $60 million a year in various taxes, they said.
Part of Louisiana's standard incentive package is, with local approval, a full property tax exemption for five years, followed by an 80-percent exemption for three years. That alone would add up to about $207 million in tax breaks over eight years.
Gary Perilloux, spokesperson for Louisiana Economic Development, said they were working to get dollar figures for the exemptions.
Construction is expected to take 10 years, possibly beginning as soon as 2019 if all permits are approved. The work would be in two phases, with the first permanent jobs expected to be filled in 2021. That hiring would trigger the first of four $3 million installments of a performance-based grant to offset infrastructure costs, the news release said.
The complex downriver from Donaldsonville would take natural gas and make ethylene, propylene, ethylene glycol and associated polymers used in many plastic products. It's the latest big petrochemical expansion in Louisiana motivated by cheap natural gas produced by the American fracking boom.
At least one such project, however, has been dropped. South African energy and chemical company Sasol called off plans last year for an $11 billion to $14 billion plant to convert natural gas to liquid fuels. Sasol continued with plans for an $11.1 billion ethane cracking plant in southwest Louisiana.
Formosa has 410 employees at three existing Louisiana facilities. Three U.S. subsidiaries agreed to pay $12.8 million in remediation costs and fines in 2009 after a long-running battle over air, water and hazardous waste violations at two petrochemical plants in Texas and Louisiana.
The proposed plants would be run by a Louisiana-registered subsidiary of Formosa, called FG LA LLC, with Lin as its CEO.
Since the site is just downriver from the Sunshine Bridge, Formosa has dubbed it the Sunshine Project.
The bridge — opened in 1964 in what was then a sparsely populated area and described by detractors as a bridge to nowhere — got its nickname from then-Gov. Jimmie Davis' song, “You Are My Sunshine.”
These days, it is heavily used.
“For more than 50 years, the Sunshine Bridge has connected the river parishes in a strategic fashion that has enabled tremendous industrial growth and thousands of new jobs along both sides of the Mississippi River in Louisiana,” Edwards said. “The new Sunshine Project continues that bridge into a brighter economic future for Louisiana.”
The life of one of England's most famous queen's was remembered as people travelled from far and wide to celebrate at the Katharine of Aragon Festival.
Henry VIII's first wife is famously buried in the Cathedral, and the city comes together to celebrate their life at the end of every January - they were buried in the historic building on January 29, 1536.
Commemoration Service for Katharine of Aragon at Peterborough Cathedral attended by local schoolchildren EMN-180126-174049009
This year's festival started on Thursday, January 26, when a special ‘Spain pays tribute to Katharine of Aragon' event was held at the cathedral.
The event, including Spanish music, dance and literature, was supported by the Spanish Government and the Spanish Embassy in London.
The traditional centrepiece of the festival took place on Friday morning, with the service of commemoration.
The service saw school children parade into the cathedral before laying flowers at the graveside of Katharine.
Commemoration Service for Katharine of Aragon at Peterborough Cathedral attended by local schoolchildren EMN-180126-174102009
Scott Hudson, Principal of Queen Katharine Academy (formally the Voyager Academy), said: “It is brilliant to be involved in a city-wide event and it demonstrates how as an Academy, we are proud of our heritage and the city we are part of.”
They were joined by dignitaries from Katharine's native Spain, as well as councillors and dignitaries from Peterborough.
In the evening, the Cathedral was packed for a talk by best selling author Alison Weir, who has written a number of books - fiction and non fiction - about The Tudors.
Them the latest book ‘Anne Boleyn: A King's Obsession,' is a novel looking at King Henry VIII's second wife - and there were long queues to get copies signed and ask the historian questions.
Commemoration Service for Katharine of Aragon at Peterborough Cathedral attended by local schoolchildren. EMN-180126-174237009
Throughout the weekend, there were a series of events looking at life in the time of the Tudors, including guided tours of the Cathedral and the city, and an ‘At Home With The Tudors' event.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian government's plan to increase value added tax to compensate for President Vladimir Putin's ambitious new economic goals is set to hit car sales which have only just started to recover from four years of stagnation, sellers say.
FILE PHOTO: Cars are stuck in a traffic jam during sunset in Moscow, Russia, June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
On Tuesday, lawmakers backed a proposal to raise VAT by 2 percentage points to 20 percent from next year, aiming to raise an additional 600 billion roubles ($9.5 billion) per year to pay for new roads and other projects ordered by Putin.
The increase in VAT will lead to higher car prices, hitting demand and sales, carmakers and dealers say, with hopes for recovery in the industry waning.
“Production costs will rise automatically by 2 percentage points. The price increase for customers will also be automatic,” a Nissan Russia spokesperson told Reuters.
Japan's Nissan runs a plant with a capacity of 100,000 light vehicles a year in St Petersburg. Along with other local and foreign carmakers, the company has suffered from poor sales since 2013 amid weak economic growth.
The fall in sales deepened in 2014 after the west imposed sanctions on Russia following the annexation of Crimea, with the fall in the value of the rouble causing a rise in the prices of cars and other goods.
Before that, the Russian car market was the fastest growing in Europe and foreign automakers were actively investing to meet booming demand. It only returned to growth last year.
In 2017, Russian car sales totalled 1.6 million units, up 11.9 percent from the previous year, but still only around half of the nearly 3 million units sold in 2012 when the market was booming.
This year, the Association of European Businesses expects sales of new cars and light commercial vehicles in Russia to rise by 10 percent, to 1.75 million units.
PSA Peugeot Citroen, which together with Mitsubishi runs a plant in the region of Kaluga with a capacity of 125,000 cars a year, said that higher VAT will result in price increases for the bulk of goods, potentially hitting overall consumption.
“If people's income does not increase this may lead to falling demand which will affect the (car) business, not in the best way,” the company said in an emailed reply to Reuters.
Avtovaz, Russia's largest carmaker, which is co-owned by France's Renault, declined to comment, as did Sollers, Volkswagen, Kia, Hyundai and Toyota, other major car producers in the country.
UNPOPULAR MEASURES
The VAT hike is one of a number of planned unpopular measures which also include a rise in the retirement age. That has prompted opposition politicians to accuse the Kremlin of using Russia's World Cup as a cover to avoid dissent while all eyes are on the country's sporting successes and a de facto ban in place on political protests.
The increase in VAT will be felt across the economy with inflation expected to accelerate by 1.5 percentage points next year alone, and growth seen picking up after all the investments into the projects requested by Putin are made.
Konstantin Avakyan, head of projects at the dealer centre AvtoSpetsTsentr, one of Russia's largest car sellers, said they expected car producers to increase prices to compensate for higher VAT, which could hit demand.
“A car is not the most used consumer good in Russia anyway... so the path of the car market's recovery, which has only started to grow after four years of a fall, can significantly slow down,” they said.
Yet some analysts believe there could be a temporary increase in sales this year - ahead of the VAT hike - before a slow down from 2019.
“Expectations of the VAT rise may even slightly boost sales this year but will hit the demand next,” said Vladimir Bespalov, an analyst with VTB Capital.
($1 = 63.2097 roubles)
Feb 2(Reuters) - I‘rom Group Co Ltd
* Says its wholly owned unit ID Pharma concluded an iPS cell generation technology licensing agreement with U.S.-based QurAlis Corporation
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/a2Qms7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A 39-year-old bitter brewed at Bristol's oldest and largest brewery has landed an international prize.
Butcombe Brewing Co. launched their Original Bitter in the city way back in 1978, but on Thursday last week (August 10) the brew scooped the award in its category at the World Beer Awards.
The beverage took the gold award in the UK Bitter four per cent to five per cent category at a ceremony at the Hilton London Olympia. For 26 years it was the only beer Butcombe brewed at its brewery in Wrington, North Somerset, and remains its most popular beer.
The winners were chosen by a renowned industry panel of international experts chaired by Adrian Tierney Jones, the acclaimed beer and food writer.
The judges cited the beer's grainy, bittersweet nose, even more pronounced tropical fruit and citrus notes and slightly greater ABV as their reasons for giving Butcombe's Original Bitter the top prize.
Butcombe's Rare Breed Bitter also secured a Bronze in the same category at the World Beer Awards.
Geraint Williams, managing director of Butcombe Brewing Co. said: “Taking a gold award back to Bristol is a fantastic reward for the hard work we've put into our brewery over the last 40 years.
“It's great to see the one of the West Country's favourite beers achieving success on the world stage.
“As part of our classic range, Butcombe Original has the local heritage which really makes it special. It has been around for a long time and will be remained a staple our widening and innovative range, as we plan to launch an additional five new beers this year to cater for ever changing consumer tastes.”
To supplement the success of their beers, Butcombe is investing in the business across the board; launching a rebranding, improving the infrastructure of its brewery, and hiring specialist brewers to ensure the technical excellence of the beer.
For some locals, the increase in visitor numbers in our coastal towns does present a few added challenges.
A number of Tunisian hotels are preventing women who wear the, so-called, ‘Burkini' swimwear from accessing to private swimming pools, claiming that this swimwear is dangerous.
The Burkini is a type of swimwear designed by the Lebanese-born Australian fashion designer, Aheda Zanetti. It is a swimsuit that covers the entire body except the face, hands, and feet. It is rubbery enough to facilitate swimming and is popular among European Muslims.
Al-Khaleej Online contacted the Tunisian Ministry of Tourism. However, the Ministry did not provide any explanation.
Commenting on the ban, Imed Daïmi, Rapporteur of the Committee of Rights, Freedoms, and External Relations at the Tunisian Chamber of Deputies, described the decision of some hotels to ban veiled women's dress as “unconstitutional” and “illegal”.
Full story: middleeastmonitor.com
Middle East Monitor
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sarah Jessica Parker is not your average bride. On camera, they put a bird on their head–Miranda thought they were just feathers, but it was a full bird; and in real life, when the actor and style icon wed actor Matthew Broderick, they opted for a little black dress. Lately, she's more famous for "Divorce," but the actor has worn more wedding gowns than most women ever will in a lifetime–and we've counted Elizabeth Taylor in our tally.
Everett
Let's do the math: The Vivienne Westwood gown Carrie planned to wear down the aisle in the first Sex and the City film + the Vera Wang, Carolina Herrera, Christian Lacroix, Lanvin, Dior Haute Couture and Oscar de la Renta from the montage of gowns they donned for their on-camera bridal photo shoot + their vintage courthouse wedding suit at the end of the film + their own LBD in real life = 9 gowns. And that's before we count any others she's worn in their other films.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy
Now, Parker is taking their love of fashion and their experiences with weddings, both as Carrie Bradshaw and herself, to a collaboration with Gilt, where they have designed a line of options fit for the modern bride, reports WWD. Parker has designed bridal shoes before for their namesake SJP line, but this is Parker's first foray into fashion under their initialed moniker (she previously designed an accessibly priced line for Dillard's called Bitten by Sarah Jessica Parker). This also marks Gilt's entry into the bridal ready-to-wear space, and will offer 15 exclusive styles from SJP's bridal shoe collection to complement the 10 exclusive aisle-appropriate pieces on offer.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker feather dress, $2,395 Courtesy
Produced in New York, the collection is a mix of gowns and separates, ranging from a versatile bodysuit to a small variety of skirts, a jumpsuit and some gowns. Per Parker's real-life wedding dress, there are also options in black for the bride looking to follow their lead. While WWD reports that Gilt approached Parker for this collection, and prior to that they hadn't considered designing bridal fashion, they did note that their shoe business gave them some insight into their brand's ability to reach modern brides naturally.
SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker "Arabesque" bodysuit, $325, and "Ten Layer Skirt," $475 Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Parker told Women's Wear Daily, “We kept having these wonderful women of all ages and backgrounds and sizes and shapes, they kept telling us they were buying for their wedding and they were not buying what would be conventionally thought of as a bridal shoe. We recognized that there was this space where brides were looking for something that felt different, that suggested who they were. So we were encouraged to create a bridal collection within our collection, so in those deliveries we always have a bridal shoe. But people tend to use our shoes anyway outside of that for that special occasion.”
SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker jumpsuit, $465 Courtesy
SJP describes their bridal looks as "very, very simple," pointing out that there are "some pieces that feel more decadent and more specifically bridal." But they point out something key to their ethos on dressing in the same breath: "there's no law saying they're not appropriate for many other important occasions as well.”
SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker for Gilt ranges from $295 for a bodysuit to $2,395 for a more "decadent" feather dress. SHOP NOW
While raising the issue in the Tamil Nadu assembly, DMK working president M.K. Stalin said the yatra will disturb communal harmony and affect law and order. Photo: PTI
Chennai: Protests erupted across the state and leaders of political parties and other organisations were arrested on Tuesday as the Ram Rajya rath yatra organized by the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) entered Tirunelveli district in Tamil Nadu.
Opposition parties, including the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), created ruckus in Tamil Nadu assembly and condemned the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) government for allowing the yatra in the state.
While raising the issue in the Tamil Nadu assembly, DMK working president M.K. Stalin who is also the opposition leader, said the yatra will disturb communal harmony and affect law and order. “This is AIADMK government or BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) government,” they asked.
DMK legislators, including Stalin, staged a protest in the assembly and were thrown out. They later staged a road roko and courted arrest.
Earlier in the day, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) leader Thol. Thirumavalavan and 33 others, who were on the way to take part in the protests in Tirunelveli, were arrested near Madurai, reported The New Indian Express.
On Monday, Tirunelveli district collector Sandeep Nanduri imposed Section 144 from 19 to 23 March across Tirunelveli district. In the order, the collector said, “… it is necessary to promulgate orders under section 144 for the entire Tirunelveli district, and that even a minor incident in the Rathayathra along the entire route will snowball into a major communal clash with serious impact on the law and order situation in the district.”
Stalin, in a statement on Monday, said chief minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami, who had vowed to contain religious extremism at a recent district collectors' conference, had allowed the rath yatra.
“The BJP and its sister organisations are trying to nurture religious extremism in Tamil Nadu. But, in the land of Periyar and Anna, they will not succeed in their attempt,” they added.
The 41-day rath yatra was flagged off by Sree Ramadasa Mission Universal Society from Ayodhya on 13 February. The yatra will cover about 6,000 km, demanding construction of Ram temple at Ayodhya.
Stalin had earlier stated that the rath yatra would amount to contempt of court as the Ram temple issue was pending before the Supreme Court.
The yatra that entered Puliyarai in Tirunelveli on Tuesday from Punalur in Kerala will pass through Sengottai, Ilangi, Tenkasi, Kadayanalloor, Puliyangudi, Vasudevanalloor, Sivagiri and proceed to Rameshwaram via Rajapalayam and Madurai.
On 22 March, the yatra will move to Kanyakumari from Rameshwaram through Tirunelveli.
In this week's edition of the Variety Movie Commercial Tracker, powered by the TV advertising attention analytics company iSpot.tv, Lionsgate claims the top spot in spending with “The Hitman's Bodyguard.”
Ads placed for the action comedy film had an estimated media value of $5.75 million through Sunday for 1,199 national ad airings across 34 networks. (Spend figures are based on estimates generated from Aug. 7-13. Estimates may be updated after the chart is posted as new information becomes available.) Lionsgate has prioritized budget across Comedy Central, NBC and E!, as well as shows including The Bachelorette, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and Family Guy.
Just behind “The Hitman's Bodyguard” in second place: Warner Bros.' “Annabelle: Creation,” which saw 1,364 national ad airings across 42 networks, with an estimated media value of $3.62 million.
TV ad placements for Open Road Films' “The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature” (EMV: $3.23 million), Lionsgate's “The Glass Castle” ($2.76 million) and Bleecker Street Media's “Logan Lucky” ($1.64 million) round out the chart.
Affirm, the platform that helps consumers find financing, is getting some financing of its own.
The San Francisco-based company confirmed that it's raising $200 million, led by GIC, a Singaporean sovereign wealth fund. Existing investors Khosla Ventures and Spark Capital are also participating.
Affirm's valuation is estimated to be between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, as first reported by The Wall Street Journal. Investors are betting on Max Levchin, the PayPal co-founder who runs Affirm.
“The growth of the company has been excellent,” Levchin told TechCrunch. But they wanted to emphasize that he's not celebrating the round. “Funding is not winning,” they said. It means you're “committing yourself to a higher outcome.”
It's a capital-intensive business and the financing will help it grant more loans. As of April this year, Affirm had already facilitated one million loans, totaling an estimated $1 billion.
Affirm helps customers break large payments into monthly payments, to make things more affordable in the short run. Before buying something, Affirm users can determine how long it will take to pay it off.
Levchin likes to characterize Affirm as more ethical than its competitors because it only lends to people who it believes can afford it. There's no hidden fees or compounding interest.
The company recently rolled out its app to make it easier to expand beyond e-commerce into in-store purchases. There's an “unstoppable list of things we want to build for our merchant partners,” they said.
Affirm is part of a wave of businesses that are looking to provide an alternative to credit cards. Square recently introduced consumer financing.
Young people are increasingly shunning credit because they are concerned about mounting debt. Levchin says that they'll be developing educational tools to help people manage their finances.
Right now, most of its customers are Gen X or younger and live throughout the U.S. They said it's less popular in the major cities on the East and West Coasts and that most of Affirm's customers live at least 100 miles from the ocean.
Levchin plans to use some of the funding for international expansion. They will also be opening a New York office.
When it comes to IPO possibilities, Levchin says he's “not opposed to the idea,” but they're “not in a huge hurry to take the company to public.”
Affirm previously raised funding from Lightspeed Venture Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, Founders Fund and others.
Chicago's hotel workers are sharing details of the safety threat they face on the job - and the city is listening to their complaints.Chicago has milllions of visitors each year. Many stay in hotels, but some who work in hotels say at times they do not feel safe. A proposed ordinance would provide these workers with a device to protect them from the guests they serve."He opened the zipper and I say, 'wait, wait, wait, wait," a hotel worker named Yazmin told ABC7."He decided to give me a smack on rear end," another hotel worker, Roushaunda, said."He was nude totally nude," another hotel worker named Esthela said.These women - who asked that we only use their first names - say their stories of sexual harassment at work are not uncommon. A survey by UNITE HERE Local 1 of women in the hotel and casino industry found 49 percent had a guest expose themselves or open the door naked."We knew this was happening, but we had no idea just how widespread," said Sarah Lyons, UNITE HERE Local 1."This is an issue. It's an ongoing issue. It is occurring every day in the hospitality industry," Roushaunda said.Surveillance video shows how a female hotel worker in Nebraska fought off a masked man several weeks ago. They were lucky and able to get to a phone afterward.Some hotel workers in New York and DC wear panic buttons."Has this prevented things from escalating? Absolutely. We've had situations where we have had housekeepers go into a room start cleaning a room and someone come out of bathroom not wearing any clothes and they'll be blocked from leaving the room," said Marina Willis, of RF Technologies.RF Technologies makes wireless devices that can be activated silently while alerting the facility's security."What we are trying to do is de-escalate the situation, not escalate the situations," Willis said.The workers who spoke to ABC 7 hope a proposed Chicago ordinance that is being introduced Wednesday will allow for some type of panic button to get help quickly if need be."We need something. Something else. Something fast," Esthela said."I cry," Yazmin said. "I feel like I can't do anything else. How it is possible that one man come here and do what they want to do?"RF Technologies also has these panic buttons in schools and hospitals for workers who may be in isolated areas and if they get into a bad situation need help fast.Alderman Michele Harris plans to introduce the ordinance to city council on Wednesday.
Five people were killed when a bakkie and a BMW collided on the N4 in Rustenburg late on Friday night‚ paramedics said.
ER24 spokesperson Werner Vermaak said that when paramedics from ER24 and other services arrived on the scene shortly after 11pm they found the BMW “ripped into several pieces”.
“The bakkie was found several metres away with severe damage. It is believed that the BMW had six occupants at the time of the collision. Two women and three men succumbed to their injuries prior to paramedics' arrival on scene. They were all declared dead‚” Vermaak said.
“A 23-year-old man was found on the scene with minor to moderate injuries. They indicated to paramedics that they were the front passenger in the BMW. Paramedics assessed him‚ but they later declined to be transported to hospital.
“The driver of the bakkie was treated and assessed by another service on scene and later transported to a nearby hospital‚” Vermaak added.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc:
* DELTA REPORTS OPERATING PERFORMANCE FOR JANUARY 2018
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - JAN 2018 TOTAL SYSTEM LOAD FACTOR 79.7% VERSUS 81.2% IN JAN 2017
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - ‍TOTAL SYSTEM RPMS IN JAN 2018 15.64 BILLION VERSUS 15.64 BILLION IN JAN 2017
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - JAN 2018 TOTAL SYSTEM ASMS 19.62 BILLION VERSUS 19.27 BILLION IN JAN 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Lying Girlfriend
What To Do When You Catch Them In A Lie
The Dating Nerd is a shadowy figure whose whereabouts and identifying details remain unknown. What we do know is that they are really, really good at dating. He's been on more dates than you can shake a lengthy bar tab at, and he's here to help the average guy step their dating game up a notch — or several.
The Question
Hi Dating Nerd,
Up until last week, I had a great relationship going with my new girlfriend. It's three months in and it's been all smiles. But I just caught them in a big lie, and I'm furious. Ever since we've been dating, she's been constantly texting “a girlfriend of hers.” Like, daytime, nighttime. And this never made me suspicious. Until, that is, they left their phone on the bed, and it buzzed a bunch of times, and I saw that they were texts from “James.” A dude. Since then, I've taken a couple of peeks over their shoulder while she's texting their supposed female friend, and it's this James guy again. I know she's not having an affair, because we spend almost every moment together. But this seems majorly sketchy to me. Should I dump her? What the hell is going on here?
- Lied-To Larry
The Answer
Hi Lied-To Larry,
Your anger is totally justified, and I would feel it too. Being lied to, consistently, feels awful. Suddenly the ground underneath you shifts. You don't know whether you can trust anything your significant other says. And you feel like an idiot for buying into the lies. It's embarrassing. It's terrible. However, while I do advocate taking this pattern of lying seriously, I don't think you should dump your girlfriend. What you need to do is have a difficult conversation with them
Hear me out. Think this over. As we all know, not all lies are created equal. There are different degrees of dishonesty. At one end of the spectrum, we have a mafia hitman claiming they were visiting their aging grandmother when they were actually shooting a witness in the heart with a crossbow. On the other end, we have someone posting Instagram pictures about their amazing life when they're actually super depressed and rarely leave the house. These are both lies, sure. But beyond being deceptive, those lies don't have a lot in common. They have way different motives, and different effects.
Similarly, your girlfriend's lies aren't all that deceptive. Personally, I'd give them at best a 3.6/10 on the dishonesty scale, if “10” is “telling your child that the earth is flat.” As you know, they didn't lie to conceal an affair. And it's not like she's hiding a heroin habit, or a criminal history, or a secret profile on an online dating site. What they did was lying about the gender of a friend of hers. There's a strong possibility that the only thing they were doing was trying to avoid making you jealous, and that this male friend is harmless and won't threaten your relationship in any way. As it stands, this isn't the end of the world. It's not like your whole relationship was premised on who exactly they were texting. And, well, based on your reaction, you are, in fact, a jealous person, so we can understand them motives.
Again, none of this is to say that they did the right thing. Also, by the way, I have jealous tendencies too. Many people do. So I'm not judging you for being jealous. Jealousy is a normal emotion. What I'm saying is that this isn't a catastrophic situation that should make you pull the trigger on this relationship immediately. Responding to this like it's serious is warranted. Responding this to this like it's the apocalypse is not.
You need to confront this. But you need to do it in the right way. Don't flip a table, rage around their apartment, break several of their dinner plates, and call them a cruel names. Don't level serious accusations against them that you can't back up with facts. Instead, have a real conversation. Ask their questions, and listen. Like, really listen. Don't just crumple up your face in anger and watch their mouth move. Find out why they lied. Find out whether they have a history with this guy. And then, and only then, when you know some real information, tell them that their behavior was problematic, but you want to find a way to move past it.
In other words, you need to be an adult — assertive and confident, not close-minded or reactionary. Moreover, this could be an opportunity to improve your relationship. After all, an ideal relationship is an honest one. Where you can tell your wife that they probably shouldn't go into the bathroom because you just dropped a major piece of ass. Where they can tell you that they don't care about baseball statistics, so a rambling conversation your favorite team is wasted on them Where you can finally tell them about all the weird sex stuff you want to do, and they might go along with it. An honest relationship where you communicate with each other is funnier, sexier, and safer.
And very few relationships start with perfect honesty. Most relationships start with a bit of deception. You don't tell your new girlfriend about all of your bad habits, or all of your difficulties with monogamy. Most relationships get to honesty after confronting dishonesty. As you get to know each other, your connection deepens, and you get to a point where you can tell each other about all of the dirty, messy details about who you actually are. You can move past the nonsense you told each other initially, and get to a realer place.
My current relationship was like this. Initially, my girlfriend didn't tell me about what they actually wanted — a marriage and long-term stability. They essentially went along with what I wanted — a free, easy relationship, with no major commitments. But, eventually, I found out that this wasn't actually the truth. They were hiding something from me. Like your girlfriend, they were sugar-coating reality so I would stick around. And, in a way, this made sense: Marriage has never been appetizing to me.
When I found out they were lying, I was angry. But I didn't dump them Instead, we had a realistic conversation about our actual goals. We achieved meaningful compromise and discussion. And now I'm in the best relationship I've ever inhabited. My life would be considerably impoverished if I made a rash decision based on my short-term emotions. That might be the case for you.
I'm not guaranteeing a favorable outcome here. There's always a chance that you're actually dating a pathological liar. When I say that you should have a difficult conversation, and confront this, it might not end well. Maybe it turns out that she's flirting with this guy in a serious way because they don't think you have a future together. Or maybe they agree to change their behavior but doesn't. This could be a potential bummer. But maybe not. So don't jump to conclusions.
Keep an open mind, keep your sh*t together, and have the cojones to deal with this in a rational way, rather than acting based on pride and rage. This might just be one unfortunate episode in a long, beautiful relationship. As Captain Planet would say, the power is yours.
Think you could use some dating help, too? Email the Dating Nerd at askus@askmen.com.
A beautiful moment was captured in Milledgeville, Georgia, when an 8-year-old boy assisted an elderly woman up the stairs in a random act of kindness.Riley Duncan posted a video of the boy on Facebook with the caption "Thank God for our youth."The young boy, named Maurice Adams Jr., was leaving a high school graduation with their mom and sister when they saw the woman crossing the street, according to WSB-TV Their mother, Contricia Hill, said they asked if they could step out of the car to help. They were unaware that anyone was filming the act of kindness."It's touching. It's very touching," they told WSB-TV. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
Have your say
A man was rushed to hospital with serious injuries after they were involved in a road collision.
Police said the 65-year-old male pedestrian was hurt in a crash involving a blue Audi A3 on Mark Street, Liversedge, at around 3.20pm yesterday (Friday).
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "The 65-year-old sustained serious injuries and is currently at Leeds General Infirmary.
"Officers would like to speak to anyone who either witnessed the collision itself or who believes they saw the vehicle or pedestrian involved immediately before the collision.
"Anyone with information is asked to call the Western Area Roads Policing Unit via 101, quoting 1143 of February 2."
ISLAMABAD, Feb 14 (APP): Minister for Defence Khawaja Muhammad Asif on Tuesday underlined the need for protecting boundaries to combat terrorism.
Talking to a private news channel, they said the matter regarding border management with Afghan government had been discussed to eliminate the menace of terrorism.
They said terrorists and their hideouts were in Afghanistan, adding suicide bombers were also coming from outside the country.
They said there was a need to stop such incidents of terrorism, the incidents of terrorism were reported from Lahore, Quetta and Karachi for the last day in which many people including police officers had lost their lives.
Khawaja Asif said all important measures would be taken to secure the efforts made for flushing out the menace of terrorism. Such efforts would not go waste, they added.
We're well past the point of no return when it comes to removing headphone jacks from smartphones. High-end phones, in particular, have dropped the headphone jack as quickly as companies could get enough consumer research to show that it wouldn't materially affect buying decisions. This has boosted an already-strong market for Bluetooth headphones of all shapes and sizes, as USB-C audio just hasn't taken off and people would rather go wireless than deal with a bunch of dongles. Most of the big smartphone makers also have a line of audio products, and you can buy Bluetooth headphones from dozens of known — and hundreds of unknown — companies. They run the gambit from cheap $20 pairs up to $300 and beyond for over-ear noise-cancelling cans. But leave it to OnePlus, which continues to include a headphone jack on its phones, to make a pair of sensible mid-range headphones — the Bullets Wireless, which go for just $69.
OnePlus Bullets Wireless See at OnePlus Price: $69 Bottom line: For just $69, which is only a little more than you'll spend on a solid pair of wired earbuds, the Bullets Wireless are a great pair of Bluetooth headphones that work well with any phone and provide great value without trying to woo you with advanced features and tricks. The Good Above-average sound quality
Clever connect/disconnect with magnets
Light and comfortable for neckbuds
Simple USB-C charging
Great price and value The Bad Not particularly flashy or good looking
Ear tips and hooks are basic
Splash-resistant, not fully waterproof
No Google Fast Pair pairing
Bluetooth earbuds for all OnePlus Bullets Wireless What I like If you've had a OnePlus phone or any of its accessories like chargers or wired headphones, you know what you're getting into when it comes to the Bullets Wireless. These are simple and well-made from end to end, with quality higher than the price would suggest — from a hardware perspective, I wouldn't balk if OnePlus had set the price at $89. Dead-simple design focuses on comfort and ease of use. OnePlus went with a modified neckbud design in that the Bullets Wireless don't have a hard or fixed neck ring. It's easily flexible, meaning it can expand and contract to fit around a large or small neck, or even around the collar of your jacket. It's also very light, and the soft touch rubberized coating doesn't get hung up on clothing or hair. The earbud cords don't retract like some neckbud models from LG, but they're long enough that your ears are never supporting the weight of the neck portion of the headphones — at the same time, they aren't long enough to swing around and be annoying. As a result, the Bullets Wireless are very comfortable to wear.
The earbuds themselves are rather basic — they have a standard design to go in your ear, and they're left/right ergonomic with a curve to better fit. There's also a rubberized loop portion designed to help keep the earbud positioned in your ear and not yank out, but this is entirely removable if you don't feel like you need the extra in-ear security. You get three sets of tips and loops, and once you go through the familiar guess-and-check method of finding the right combination, they feel fine. The fact that the earbuds are super small and light means there aren't any bad pressure points, at least in my ears, but the earbud tips aren't anything special — just generic rubberized material, and the only part of the experience that feels a bit on the cheap side.
OnePlus talks about some sort of "Energy Tube" for better sound, and I can't really speak to the physics of all that. But I can say the earbuds sound really good. I didn't experience any distortion problems with high volume or lots of bass. It's clear to me that the 9.2 mm drivers are more capable than the quality of music you're going to be sending them over a Bluetooth connection, though the aptX audio tries to give you as much wireless quality as possible. Oh, and that connection was always solid — I didn't experience any unexpected cutouts or dropped connections. Bullets Wireless sound great, have good battery life and thankfully just charge over USB-C. There's a regular in-line remote on the left earbud wire with dedicated volume up/down buttons and a play/pause button. You can do a press-and-hold on the center button to invoke Google Assistant (just like any other headphones), or do a quick double-press to skip tracks. After using touch-controlled earbuds recently, it's so refreshing to be able to just reach up and press a button, without a second thought, to change the volume or pause. And if you don't want to even do that much, you can simply pull the earbuds out and snap them together. Soon as they get close, magnets in the back of the earbuds pull them together — that pauses your music and disconnects the earbuds. Separate them again, and they'll re-connect to the last device you were using. There's a power/pairing button along the left side of the neck, but it's almost never necessary since the earbuds are always on and ready to go when you disconnect their magnets. OnePlus quotes 8 hours of battery life for audio or 10.5 hours for calls, which matches my observations. That's probably fine for most people in real-world use but will seem low if you're used to larger neckbuds or over-ear headphones that offer 15 to 25 hours of listening. Unless you're a heavy user you'll probably be recharging these things every couple days, and it's a painless experience because they use USB-C — you get a short cable in the box, but you can use any one you can get your hands on. And with just a 10 minute charge, the tiny batteries inside give you up to 5 hours of battery life again — easily assuaging your battery anxiety.
Not much wrong OnePlus Bullets Wireless What's not good As a slight counterpoint to all of that simple design discussion, one could argue that people often use headphones as a fashion statement or an extension of their personal style, and the Bullets Wireless do basically nothing in this respect. They're simple and all black save for a small red ring around the earbud. You could mistake these for any other generic pair of Bluetooth headphones you bought on Amazon for $25 from a random company you've never heard of. OnePlus interestingly didn't even put its logo on the typical spot of the earbud endcaps, only putting a light grey printed logo on the left side of the neckbud and an embossed logo on the carrying case.
The design isn't particularly unique or eye-catching, and that case sure is dopey looking. The included silicone carrying case definitely stands out, being bright red and all, but the case is otherwise a little funky to me. It's a good way to wrap up the earbuds and the included charging cable when you won't be using them for a while and want to keep them safe in a bag, but it's too big to be a daily-carry case and provides no other function. There's no separate pouch for replacement earbud tips or loops, and the case lid simply closes with one magnet rather than some sort of seal or zipper — so it doesn't keep dust or water out.
I shouldn't be entirely surprised considering this is OnePlus we're talking about here, but I'm slightly upset that the Bullets Wireless aren't properly waterproof. Like the OnePlus 6 they're merely splash-resistant, which means you'll have no issues sweating all over them but you shouldn't ever submerge them in water. While you somewhat understand not having an IP67 rating on a phone that has lots of components, it seems like a relatively trivial manner to get a real waterproof rating on something as simple as a pair of headphones. Not because I want to swim with my Bullets Wireless, but because I never want to have to worry about getting them too wet. Lacking Google's 'Fast Pair' system is an odd omission. OnePlus touts the ability of the Bullets Wireless to auto-pair with modern OnePlus phones, which is neat, but that functionality unfortunately doesn't extend to any other phone. It would've been great if OnePlus simply went with Google's "Fast Pair" pairing system that's compatible with almost all modern Android phones, and accomplishes the same goal. Aside from this restriction there's nothing else proprietary about the Bullets Wireless, and they're a great to use with any phone — why not keep the whole thing open? A small negative mark on what's otherwise a great no-nonsense experience.
We asked, and you delivered: hundreds of photos of the red skies over Leeds have been sent in this week.
Did you see the red skies? Check out our gallery here - and send your photos in, too:
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- The Los Angeles Rams have lost cornerback Kayvon Webster for the remainder of this season, but they are otherwise in good shape heading into Sunday's big road game against the division rival Seattle Seahawks.
Wide receiver Robert Woods and outside linebacker Connor Barwin, who have been absent in recent weeks, are expected to play. Offensive tackles Andrew Whitworth and Rob Havenstein, both of whom exited Sunday's loss to the Philadelphia Eagles prematurely, are also expected to play.
Franchise cornerback Trumaine Johnson is not in the concussion protocol, Rams coach Sean McVay said. Johnson was evaluated for a concussion during the game and passed, but they remained out because of a stinger. Johnson is also expected to play, a big boost for a team that will be without its other starting corner.
Whitworth and Havenstein each had their ankles rolled up on, but actually suffered knee injuries. Whitworth got hurt in the first quarter, but returned for the second half. Havenstein was injured in the fourth quarter -- giving way to Darrell Williams, who got beat around the edge by Eagles defensive end Chris Long, causing a key fumble by Rams quarterback Jared Goff -- but returned for Los Angeles' final series.
Whitworth "checked out good today" and Havenstein "was in good spirits," McVay said, calling their prognosis "very positive."
Barwin had surgery to repair a broken bone in their left forearm on Nov. 27 and missed the next two games, paving the way for Samson Ebukam. Woods suffered a sprained left shoulder late in the Rams' Nov. 19 loss to the Minnesota Vikings and missed the next three weeks, paving the way for Josh Reynolds.
Barwin and Woods are "on track, unless there are any setbacks, to be able to play and be available for the Seattle game," according to McVay.
Webster ruptured their right Achilles tendon during a noncontact play in Sunday's first quarter, shortly after their first Rams interception, and was placed on injured reserve Monday. In an Instagram post, Webster revealed that they also spent the entire season playing through a "torn labrum/rotator" cuff in their shoulder.
McVay said it was an issue Webster was able to play through and that they would've had the shoulder surgically repaired after the season.
"It just continues to demonstrate the toughness that Kayvon embodies," McVay said. "We love Kayvon. Hate it for them that they had to go out like that, but he's meant a lot to this team."
One week ago, “The Bachelorette” wrapped up its 13th season with Rachel Lindsay picking a winner — their fiance, Bryan Abasolo.
Lindsay left a handful of hopeful men still single, but the good news? They're now all in the running to headline their own show and become “The Bachelor.” The bad news? A decision doesn't have to come for quite some time because “The Bachelor” doesn't premiere until January 2018 and won't head into production until early this fall.
“The difference between ‘Bachelor' and ‘Bachelorette' is with ‘Bachelorette,' we go into filming pretty much three days after the ‘Bachelor' finale airs. With this, we don't start until the end of September, so we have about six weeks,” ABC's head of alternative television Rob Mills explains to Variety. “We don't have a ton of time, but we're going to wait and see what the reaction is to the finale.”
The ABC executive says that anyone who was not chosen by Lindsay on “The Bachelorette's” finale is in the running, but the network will also look at the audience's reaction to “Bachelor in Paradise,” which kicks off its fourth season Monday night — that means finalists Peter Kraus, Eric Bigger, and Dean Unglert may have some competition from other cast members in Bachelor Nation.
“We truly believe the fans are the final producers here. We listen to them and see who they want cast as the Bachelor,” says Mills.
While the network has not decided on the next Bachelor, they do have some top choices.
“We have some strong ideas. We don't have anything definitive. I think we're leaning in a couple different directions,” Mills says. “But I probably would have said that last season and then Nick [Viall] came out of nowhere, so you just never know. I think it's what is really the best story and who is really ready to find somebody.” (Last season of “The Bachelor” starred Nick Viall, who was a repeat contestant on ABC's dating franchise, but hadn't popped until “Bachelor in Paradise” the summer before their season, which ultimately landed them the leading role.)
Casting is currently underway for the female contestants of “The Bachelor” Season 22, and an insider tells Variety that Kraus is currently a favorite among the women who are coming into the casting calls.
Another fan-favorite is Unglert, who was sent home by Lindsay the week before the finale, and since, has said they do not want to be “The Bachelor.” However, their age — he's only 26 — could impact their chances of being cast next season because casting executives fear they may be too young to want to find love, and the network wants the season and storylines to be authentic.
“That's been a question mark with Dean — is they ready to find someone? He's young,” Mills admits. “You'll see that sort of play out on ‘Bachelor in Paradise,' so maybe after ‘Bachelor in Paradise,' he's somebody we could consider. You look at everybody. I don't want to say too much about it, but you'll see their arc on ‘Bachelor in Paradise.'”
Last week after the finale, Lindsay gave their opinion on who should be the next Bachelor. “I actually think Alex should be the next Bachelor,” they said, referring to the contestant on their season who they sent home during week six. “I don't think you got to see enough of him…He's funny, quirky, handsome,” and “a serial monogamist.”
The £11 billion merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management is complete, with the tie-up creating Europe's second-biggest fund manager.
A Stock Exchange announcement on Monday confirmed the deal's conclusion, and follows on from court approval for the merger last week.
Co-chief executive Keith Skeoch described the combination as the “beginning of a new chapter” in the companies' history, and confirmed that the new entity will trade as Standard Life Aberdeen.
“Today marks the culmination of many months of hard work and preparation by our business and the beginning of a new chapter in our history as Standard Life Aberdeen.
“Our leadership team is in place and we have full business readiness from day one,” they said.
The enlarged company will be jointly headed up by Mr Skeoch and Aberdeen boss Martin Gilbert, and Standard Life Aberdeen will hold £670 billion under management.
The merger, which was agreed in March, is targeting cost savings of £200 million a year, with around 800 jobs expected to be lost over a three-year period from a global workforce of 9,000.
Mr Gilbert said: “As ever our priority remains the delivery of strong investment performance and the highest level of client service.
“The merger deepens and broadens our investment capabilities and gives us a stronger and more diverse range of investment management skills as well as significant scale across asset classes and geographies.”
Overall, Standard Life Aberdeen will have offices in 50 cities around the world, servicing clients in 80 countries.
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but their vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
AUCKLAND, New Zealand -- Serena Williams will have to wait a little longer for their first match of 2017 after rain curtailed play Monday on the opening day of the ASB Classic.
Williams was due to play in the evening session against unseeded Pauline Parmentier of France, but steady rain made play impossible at the open-air stadium, and the first-round match was postponed to Tuesday.
Venus Williams, a former champion in Auckland, is due to play New Zealand wild-card entry Jade Lewis on Tuesday.
In the only main-draw matches completed Monday, Lucie Safarova beat Czech compatriot Denisa Allertova 6-1, 6-2 and Kurumi Nara of Japan beat Germany's Antonia Lottner 6-2, 6-2.
Naomi Osaka of Japan led Annika Beck of Germany 6-2, 2-1 when play was suspended.
Former No. 1-ranked Caroline Wozniacki is set to open against Nicole Gibbs of the United States.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday they would not sack junior Brexit minister Steve Baker over their criticism of public servants' work on leaving the European Union.
In a debate in parliament earlier this week, Baker suggested government officials may be undermining government policy by calibrating their work to show only the downside of Brexit.
Asked if they planned to sack Baker, May said: “No.”
“The ministerial code says that the minister should take the earliest opportunity to amend the record that was given to Parliament and apologise to Parliament. They will do that,” they added, speaking to Channel Five news during a trade visit to China.
Shelby Lynne & Allison Moorer
Not Dark Yet
(Silver Cross/Thirty Tigers)
Rating: 4 out of 5 stars
One look at the track listing of this first collaboration between the veteran Alabama-born singer-songwriting sisters is all you need to understand how eclectic and wide ranging their tastes are.
The long anticipated album length musical alliance between Shelby Lynne and Allison Moorer may be short on original material (there is only one new, co-composed track), but the sensibility of combining their joint appreciation of roots music with more contemporary fare is adventurous and brave. Both are comfortable interpreting songs of others; Lynne famously paid tribute to Dusty Springfield and Moorer's Mockingbird (both from 2008) tackled songs from Patti Smith to Johnny Cash. Moorer even recorded this album's Jessi Colter composition “I'm Looking For Blue Eyes,” previously. Still, the combination of the sister's voices on this material is stunning in its natural beauty. Stripped-down arrangements and producer Teddy Thompson's light hand help accentuate the words, emotions and the interwoven singing.
The twosome dug deep to excavate unusual, often unfamiliar material at least for their genre. It spans from the Jason Isbell/Amanda Shires seldom heard rarity “The Color Of A Cloudy Day” (originally on the soundtrack to the documentary The Fear of 13) with the entrancing chorus of “I could never find you in my dreams” and Townes Van Zandt's “Lungs” (also covered by Moorer's ex-husband Steve Earle) to Nick Cave's darkly religious “Into My Arms.” There is a melancholy, introspective and reflective nature to the tunes chosen, perhaps best expressed in Bob Dylan's title track, with its chorus of “It's not dark yet/ but it's getting there.” A party album this very definitely is not.
There may seem to be a wide divide from Merle Haggard's exquisite treatise of loss on “Silver Wings” to Kurt Cobain's isolation, expressed so powerfully in “Lithium.” But in the hands of these sisters and a sympathetic, subtle band that easily shifts from edgy to soothing, there's a philosophical connection joining both the composers and the singers' mutual background of suicide and hurt.
“Is it too much to carry in your heart … no one else bears this heavy load … I'm right here to help you anytime” they sing to each other on the disc's lone original, the closing, dreamy, at times eerie “Is It Too Much.” It's a tender yet riveting way to end an album that explores intimate feelings of despair, loneliness and hope for closure within the context of others' words and two voices forever joined by blood and shared experience.
American composer Carter Burwell will headline the 18th World Soundtrack Awards with a live concert as part of the Ghent Film Festival, on Oct. 17 in Ghent, Belgium.
Burwell, a recent Oscar nominee for their music for “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” will attend, as will composer Nicholas Britell, who was named last year's “Discovery of the Year” at the festival for their music for “Moonlight.”
Dirk Brosse will conduct the Brussels Philharmonic in excerpts from scores by both composers, accompanied by film clips.
Burwell was also Oscar-nominated for their music for “Carol” and won an Emmy for their music for HBO's “Mildred Pierce,” both of which were Todd Haynes projects.  They are perhaps best-known for their music for many Coen Brothers films including “Fargo,” “The Big Lebowski,” “The Hudsucker Proxy,” “True Grit,” many of which are expected to be presented in concert.
Festival artistic director Patrick Duynslaegher said of Burwell: “His groundbreaking scores for the diverse and innovative films created by the Coen Brothers, and their work for many other directors, indicate a fierce originality and a strong feeling for the eccentric, the experimental and the minimalistic. All this makes Carter Burwell a true iconoclast, who is still keeping alive the freedom and spirit of independent filmmaking.”
Related Frances McDormand Accepts Best Actress Oscar, Honors Other Female Nominees Oscars: 'The Shape of Water' Wins Big at Politically Charged Ceremony
Added Brosse: “He always succeeds in coming up with the right sound and the perfect atmosphere for the films he's working on. Carter composes in various musical styles and a rich palette of both acoustic and electronic colors.”
Burwell – whose other films include “Being John Malkovich,” “Twilight” and “Gods and Monsters” – is currently writing music for the latest Coen Brothers project, the Netflix film “The Ballad of Buster Scruggs.” Britell's scores in addition to “Moonlight” include “The Big Short,” “Free State of Jones” and “Battle of the Sexes.”
The Ghent event is arguably the world's best-known film-music festival. It began honoring composers in 1985, founded the World Soundtrack Academy in 2001, and has become an annual destination for top film composers from around the world. This year's event will run from Oct. 9-19, is expected to attract more than 100,000 visitors, and feature approximately 100 features and 30 short films. Burwell was previously honored as Film Composer of the Year in 2016; other honorees have included Johann Johannsson, Michael Giacchino, Alexandre Desplat, Mychael Danna and Alberto Iglesias.
Tickets are available through http://www.worldsoundtrackawards.com.
In this file photo provided by Tottenham Hotspur football club on Aug. 3, 2017, South Korean winger Son Heung-min trains prior to the English Premier League season. (Yonhap)
South Korea men's football head coach Shin Tae-yong speaks at a press confeence announcing the national team roster for the World Cup qualifying matches at the Korea Football Association headquarters in Seoul on Aug. 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
In this file photo, taken on Aug. 6, 2017, Lee Dong-gook of Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors (R) battles Ulsan Hyundai goalkeeper Jo Su-huk in their K League Classic match at Jeonju World Cup Stadium in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province. (Yonhap)
South Korea will pin their World Cup qualifying hopes on an English Premier League star who just returned from a serious arm injury.Tottenham Hotspur's Son Heung-min was among 26 players named to the men's national team on Monday for the two remaining qualifying matches for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. South Korea will host Iran in Seoul on Aug. 31 and travel to Tashkent to face Uzbekistan on Sept. 5.These will be the first official matches for head coach Shin Tae-yong, who replaced Uli Stielike last month.Son's status for the two contests had been in doubt after they suffered a fractured forearm in a World Cup qualifier against Qatar in June. They were expected to miss between eight and 12 weeks. But much to the delight and relief of Shin and their staff, Son made their Premier League season debut with the Spurs on Sunday against Newcastle United, playing about 30 minutes off the bench.Shin previously said they would select Son regardless of their health, because their presence alone can have a positive impact on the squad.Son has netted 17 goals in 55 matches for South Korea.At a press conference announcing the roster, Shin said they were impressed with Son's performance in their return."He looked a lot better than I'd expected, though they still seemed a bit careful in physical battles," the coach said. "I wasn't sure if they would even be on the bench for the match. If they get a couple more matches under their belt, then I am sure he'll be even better."Ki Sung-yueng, a Swansea City midfielder on the mend with a knee injury, also made the team.Elsewhere, Shin went with a couple of seasoned veterans on offense.Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors striker Lee Dong-gook has been named to the national team for the first time since October 2014. If they take the field against Iran, Lee, at 38 years and 124 days, will be the second-oldest player to appear in an international match for South Korea.Lee, who has won 103 caps for South Korea, is the career scoring leader in the first-division K League Classic with 196 goals.Yeom Ki-hun, one of the K League Classic's top playmakers for the Suwon Samsung Bluewings, is among a dozen midfielders on Shin's roster. The 34-year-old has 51 caps, but their last national team appearance came in May 2015.Shin said Ki has made rapid progress from their offseason knee surgery and may actually be able to play. As for Lee and Yeom, the two oldest players on the team, Shin said they didn't pick them just for their veteran presence."I felt they'd been among the best players in the K League Classic, and they can lead by example," Shin said. "They've been playing as hard as anyone in the league. If young guys on the national team see just how much work these older players put in, they'll all follow suit."Shin also named two international rookies: Tianjin Quanjian FC midfielder Kwon Kyung-won and Jeonbuk defender Kim Min-jae.At 20, Kim is the youngest member of the current team.Shin said both young guns will get long looks during training camp and said Kim in particular has been "one of the hottest defensive backs" in the K League Classic.South Korea are seeking their ninth consecutive World Cup appearance next year but are just holding on to the last automatic berth in Group A of the final Asian qualifying round.Iran have already clinched a spot in Group A with 20 points. South Korea is in second place with 13 points, only one above Uzbekistan with two to play.South Korea can book a spot if they beat Iran and if Uzbekistan lose to China on Aug. 31. Things may not transpire in South Korea's favor, though, since China are the worst team in Group A and lost to Uzbekistan 2-0 in October, and South Korea have dropped four straight against Iran dating back to 2012.South Korea's fate will most likely be determined in the final qualifier against Uzbekistan on Sept. 5.Shin admitted they are "quite worried" about the remaining two matches, but they haven't lost their confidence."It'll only take a few tweaks for us to beat Iran," the coach said. "I'll work together with the rest of my coaching staff to prepare for these matches with confidence."Third-place teams from Groups A and B will meet in a home-and-away series in October. The winner will move on to another two-legged playoff against the fourth seed from the final round in the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football qualifiers. The winning team from that showdown will qualify for the 2018 World Cup. (Yonhap)
(Reuters) - Time Warner Inc's (TWX.N) HBO network last month offered $250,000 to cyber criminals who hacked into its computer system, asking them to extend a deadline for paying a much larger ransom, according to an email reviewed by Reuters.
"You have the advantage of having surprised us," a member of HBO's technology team said in the July 27 email. "In the spirit of professional cooperation, we are asking you to extend your deadline for one week."
The attack came at a sensitive time for HBO: Parent Time Warner is seeking regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc (T.N) in an $85.4 billion deal announced in October.
The note said that HBO was willing to make the payment "as a show of good faith," but needed time to fund an account for sending payments in bitcoin digital currency or obtain account information from the hackers so it could use a conventional bank wire to transmit the funds.
FILE PHOTO - Co-executive producer George R.R. Martin arrives for the season premiere of HBO's "Game of Thrones" in San Francisco, California, U.S. on March 23, 2015. Robert Galbraith/File Photo
The hackers did not respond to a request for comment through the email address they used to communicate with HBO. The request prompted an automated response that provided a link to an image of the July 27 note from HBO.
A person familiar with HBO's response to the attack told Reuters that the company sent the email "as a stall tactic" and had never intended to make the $250,000 payment or pay the full $6 million the hackers had demanded to hold off going public with data stolen from HBO.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Nonetheless, the email failed to achieve that goal. A few days after HBO sent the note, the hackers went to the media with details of the breach.
They released an extortion note and some stolen data, including details about an upcoming episode of the network's popular drama "Game of Thrones."
Variety earlier reported details about the $250,000 offer.
SEOUL (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped on Thursday, weighed down by a surprise rise in U.S. crude inventories and by expectations that OPEC and other producers could increase output at a meeting in June.
FILE PHOTO: Employee works at the Centenario deep-water oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Veracruz, Mexico January 17, 2014. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo
Brent crude LCOc1 was down 20 cents at $77.30 per barrel at 0041 GMT, after settling the last session up 2.8 percent.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude CLc1 was down 20 cents at $68.01 a barrel. In the previous session, it settled up $1.48, or 2.2 percent, at $68.21 per barrel.
U.S. crude inventories rose by 1 million barrels in the week to May 25 to 434.9 million barrels, according to data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute, although analysts had expected a decrease of 525,000 barrels. [API/S]
Data from the Energy Information Administration is due at 11 a.m. EDT (1500 GMT) on Thursday, a day later than usual due to a public holiday on Monday.
A possible production increase by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC members including Russia have been in focus, especially after Saudi Arabia, de facto leader of the oil cartel, and Russia have discussed boosting output by some 1 million barrels per day.
OPEC and some non-OPEC members have committed to curb their output by about 1.8 million barrels per day until the end of 2018, and they will meet in Vienna on June 22 whether or not their commitment should remain unchanged.
“With the OPEC meeting still another three weeks away, oil prices are likely to remain sensitive to headlines,” ANZ bank said in a note.
A Gulf source familiar with the thinking of Saudi Arabia said OPEC and its allies aim to continue their agreement to cut oil output by the end of this year but are ready to make gradual adjustments to offset any supply shortfall.
Every awards group has their trademark quirks, and the HFPA loves nothing more than anointing the wunderkinds. And this year didn't disappoint: On the TV side, voters embraced Showtime's “SMILF” and Amazon's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”; in film, breakouts included Margot Robbie, Daniel Kaluuya, and Timothée Chalamet.
Several others across film and TV were also rewarded for their work with their first-ever Golden Globes nominations.
MOVIES:
Out of both actor categories, there was one sole new nominee: Margot Robbie landed their first nod in the musical or comedy field for their heralded turn as disgraced figure skater Tonya Harding in “I, Tonya.” She's up against previous winners Judi Dench (“Victoria & Abdul”), Helen Mirren (“The Leisure Seeker”) and Emma Stone (“Battle of the Sexes”) and previous nominee Saoirse Ronan (“Lady Bird.”) The actor in a drama category is all previous Globe winners: Jessica Chastain (“Molly's Game”), Sally Hawkins (“The Shape of Water”), Frances McDormand (“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”), Meryl Streep (“The Post”) and Michelle Williams (“All the Money in the World.”)
In the lead actor in a drama category, the two perceived frontrunners will go up against three actors who have not only been nominated before, but won multiple Globes. “Call Me By Your Name” breakthrough Timothée Chalamet was recognized, as was “Darkest Hour” star Gary Oldman – who, surprisingly, landed their first nom after decades of fantastic film work. They'll battle previous winners Tom Hanks (“The Post”), Daniel Day-Lewis (“Phantom Thread”) and Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”)
Similarly, in the best actor in a musical or comedy category, it's also two newcomers: Ansel Elgort for the titular character in “Baby Driver” and Daniel Kaluuya for heading “Get Out.” They'll go up against previous winners Steve Carell (“Battle of the Sexes”), James Franco (“The Disaster Artist”) and Hugh Jackman (“The Greatest Showman.”)
There are a number of new faces in the supporting actor category. Armie Hammer landed their first nod for their turn opposite Chalamet in “Call Me by Your Name,” as did Sam Rockwell for their scene-stealing work in “Three Billboards.” The other newcomer is Richard Jenkins in “The Shape of Water,” who has never been nominated, despite previously winning an Emmy for “Olive Kitteridge” and landing an Oscar nom for “The Visitor.” They'll battle previous nominee Willem Dafoe (“The Florida Project”) and previous winner Christopher Plummer, who just made the cut after replacing Kevin Spacey in “All the Money in the World.”
The supporting actor category is loaded with previous nominees and winners, the exception being newcomer Hong Chau for their role in Alexander Payne's “Downsizing.” Chau is up against previous winner Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) and three actores who have never been recognized in the film category. Both Allison Janney (“I, Tonya”) and Laurie Metcalf (“Lady Bird”) have previous noms for their TV work, while Mary J. Blige was a previous nominee for their work on a song from “The Help.” Blige actually finds themselves a two-time nominee today – in addition to being nominated for their work as an actor in “Mudbound,” they were nominated with Raphael Saadiq for the song from the film, “Mighty River.”
It's not just actors who were recognized for the first time; two of the year's directing nominees landed their first nods – and second nods at the same time. Both Guillermo Del Toro and Martin McDonagh were recognized in the directing and screenplay categories for their films – Del Toro's fairy tale “The Shape of Water” and McDonagh's timely “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.” Both have had films nominated before in the past, but this marks their break into both the directing and writing categories. They'll compete against previous nominees Christopher Nolan (“Dunkirk”), Ridley Scott (“All the Money in the World”) and a gentleman named Steven Spielberg (“The Post”), who landed their 13th Globe nomination this morning.
Television:
The drama acting categories only offered brought two new names into the fold: Freddie Highmore for their work as the autistic surgeon on ABC's procedural — and breakout hit — “The Good Doctor,” while Katherine Langford scored for their turn as a suicidal teenager on Netflix's “13 Reasons Why.”
On the comedy side, the male actors are all familiar to Globes voters — whether for their current roles (Anthony Anderson on ABC's “Black-ish,” Aziz Ansari for Netflix's “Master of None”), past performances (Kevin Bacon for Amazon's “I Love Dick”), or revivals (Eric McCormack for NBC's “Will & Grace”). But the female race featured nearly all newcomers to the Globes field, with Rachel Brosnahan (Amazon's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”) and Frankie Shaw (Showtime's “SMILF”) joined by Alison Brie (“GLOW”) and Pamela Adlon (FX's “Better Things”). Issa Rae (HBO's “Insecure”) is the sole returning nominee from last year's slate.
Looking at the limited series races, the star power of efforts like FX's “Feud” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” meant that many contenders already have a track record at the Globes. It's just Jessica Biel in the lead acting races, for their work as the murderer with a secret past in USA's limited series “The Sinner.” The supporting categories offer more fresh faces, with Emmy winner Ann Dowd recognized for Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale,” while on the male side, the category offered a bounty of newcomers: David Harbour (“Stranger Things”), Alfred Molina (“Feud: Bette and Joan”), Alexander Skarsgard (“Big Little Lies”), and David Thewlis (“Fargo”). Christian Slater has proven to be a Globes favorite, as the reigning champ for USA's “Mr. Robot.”
Eating healthy is something that many people find difficult over time. People give all kinds of reasons not to. In this economy, a big reason may be that they can't afford to eat healthy. However, the below article will prove that it is possible to eat healthy on a budget.
Try to substitute healthy alternatives for fatty or sugary foods you enjoy. For example, instead of a bowl of ice cream, you can have some yogurt with fruit. Instead of french fries, try half of a baked potato. You don't have to cut out all the good tasting food in your life, just make healthier choices about what the tasty things you do eat.
Eat nuts as a snack everyday. These healthy little gems are packed full of good fats and plant sterols that can lower your cholesterol. They are low in fat and an easy item to eat on the go. Serving sizes for these snacks can be easily measured by handfuls.
Legumes are superstars of the nutritional world. They provide protein and help balance blood sugar. But they may seem dull. Just dress them up in a good recipe and they are superstars of taste also: lentils become a good veggie burger, chick peas become hummus, beans excel in Mexican dishes, and there is nothing better than a bowl of homemade pea soup on a cold winter day!
When possible, choose wild salmon over farmed salmon. Both types offer nutritional benefits, but wild salmon has higher nutritional value. Farmed salmon may be overexposed to antibiotics and pesticides that farmers add to the water. Some farmed salmon may even have artificial coloring injected into the meat to give it a more attractive orange hue. With wild salmon, you do not have these risks.
A great tip for living a healthier lifestyle is to understand that eating foods rich in fat is not necessarily a bad thing. Certain types of fat, such as monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat, are very healthy. Unsaturated fat is the bad kind of fat. Nuts are a great source of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat.
Arrange your schedule so you can get seven to eight hours of sleep a night. Adequate sleep prevents you from confusing tiredness with hunger. The sleep also gives your body the opportunity to repair itself. Getting enough sleep means you will remain calmer in times of anxiety, which helps you cut down on eating in stressful situations.
Next time you want a snack, grab a handful of blueberries. Blueberries are packed with nutrients that are vital to your body. They provide a high level of vitamin C. They also contain antioxidant properties that protect your cell tissue from being damaged by free radicals. Blueberries may also have potential benefits in the fight against cancer.
To naturally detoxify your body, look for foods that are high in soluble fiber. When your body digests soluble fiber, it turns it to water, which makes it ideal for detoxification. Foods rich in this nutrient include carrots, apples, and green peas. These foods also provide your body with essential nutrients, making them a great way to boost your overall health.
If you're pregnant, check with your doctor about getting a magnesium prescription. Magnesium deficiency can lead to cramps, premature delivery, or even a miscarriage. It's recommended that you take in at least 310 milligrams of magnesium everyday. Your doctor may be able to write you a prescription for a daily dose of magnesium.
One should look to the food pyramid when wondering how they can give themselves the best nutrition. The information obtained will greatly help one plan their meals to the best effect. Nutritional information should be studied to learn the best foods for one to have in their diet for optimal nutrition.
A great nutrition tip is to start serving seafood. Seafood is loaded with quality nutrients. It is a great source of lean protein, and it's also a great source of essential fatty acids. Just head over to the grocery store and stock up on some fresh seafood today.
Make your own breakfast smoothie for a healthy first thing in the morning pick me up. Use low-fat milk for a healthier option. Pour it in a blender along with some ice cubes. Throw in some fresh fruit like bananas, strawberries, and blueberries and get ready for a real treat.
Consume whole grains as a regular part of your diet. Whole grains have been proven to reduce your risk of heart disease and diabetes. They have the ability to help you maintain healthy blood sugar levels. Avoid over-processed white bread products and instead, choose whole grains.
Do not exclude any food group from your diet. Many weight loss diets support the removal of entire food groups, such as fats or carbohydrates, from the diet. This is a bad mistake as the body needs all the nutrients-vitamins, trace elements, minerals and fiber- that it gets from all food groups.
As you can see from the above list of tips, proper nutrition can be very useful in making you a happier and healthier person. It can also prevent many illnesses and diseases. After following these tips, you will no longer be new to proper nutrition, but you can become an expert on it.
Sarfraz hails Pakistan bowling display
Pakistan's bowlers were praised by captain Sarfraz Ahmed after guiding them into the ICC Champions Trophy final at the expense of England.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 00:00 IST
Sarfraz Ahmed celebrates Pakistan's victory
Sarfraz Ahmed hailed their bowling attack after they laid the foundation for Pakistan's eight-wicket victory over England in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-finals.
Pakistan had to go into the match without main strike bowler Mohammad Amir but they did not miss him, with Rumman Raees slotting in to replace the 25-year-old.
Rumman took 2-44 on debut in Cardiff, while Junaid Khan chipped in with 2-42 from their 8.5 overs.
They were superbly supported by Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Hafeez and Hasan Ali as England struggled to adapt to the conditions on a pitch used two days ago.
Hasan particularly impressed with figures of 3-35 from their full allocation, the seamer removing dangermen Eoin Morgan, Ben Stokes and Jonny Bairstow along the way.
England's troubles led to Morgan criticising the conditions at Sophia Gardens, but Sarfraz felt the pitch was "very good" and credited their bowlers with securing the surprise victory.
"I was not expecting us to bowl them out for 210, but we thought if we won the toss, elected to bowl first, [we could] restrict them to 260, 270. That's why [the] target was easy for us.
"Credit goes to the bowlers. They bowled really well, especially in the middle part, starting with Shadab.
"He bowled really well, they took Joe Root. Then Hasan came in and they took wickets. Then Junaid Khan, Rumman Raees - all credit to the bowlers. They bowled really well."
So happy was the 30-year-old, they labelled the victory as the best of their 74-match one-day international career.
"I think it was [the best]," they added. "I think all the three games [against South Africa, Sri Lanka and England] are the best games when I was captain.
"I think it [today] was the best game because it was a semi-final, no one recognised us."
Linmon Pictures has released the title sequence for “Novoland: Eagle Flag,” the first moving images to emerge from the hotly anticipated Chinese series. The release coincides with Hong Kong FilMart where the company is meeting international buyers.
Set for release in June 2019, “Novoland: Eagle Flag” is a visual effects-heavy live action drama. Though the budget is undisclosed, Linmon Pictures says it is one of the most expensive Chinese series of all time.
The Eastern fantasy series follows the rise of three young would-be heroes and their struggle against an evil warlord and swelling dark forces. Directed by Zhang Xiaobo (“To Be A Better Man”) it stars rising talent Liu Haoran, Chen Ruoxuan and Song Zu'er and an experienced supporting cast including Zhang Jiayi, Xu Qin and Zhang Fengyi.
Written by Jiang Nan, the first six “Novoland: Eagle Flag” books received widespread acclaim after being published on- and offline in the mid-2000s.
The first season (70 x 40-minute episodes) will debut on both Youku and Tencent Video. Domestic television rights remain unsold.
Related FilMart: Jackie Chan's 'Knight of Shadows' Set For 2019 Release FilMart: One Cool Pictures Launches Mega-Budget Chinese Movie Quartet
Following a two-year development phase, the series began filming at the start of November 2017 and is scheduled to conclude in September this year. Postproduction will be handled by Linmon's postproduction subsidiary studio, Linmon Digital.
Headquartered in Shanghai with offices in Beijing, Linmon Pictures was established in 2014 by former Shanghai Media Group Pictures head Su Xiao, and co-founders Chen Fei, Xu Xiao'ou and Zhou Yuan. The company received $15 million (RMB100 million) investment from Tencent in 2015 and a further $76 million (RMB500 million) in 2016 from Chinese private equity firm Hony Capital and Mango V Foundation, a philanthropic offshoot of Hunan TV. The recently completed third investment round has made the company a unicorn.
Linmon Pictures has produced four TV dramas to date, including “Love For Separation,” “Chronicle of Life,” “To Be A Better Man,” and “Fighter of The Destiny.” Several more are currently in production including “Legend of Fu Yao” and “Only Side by Side With You.”
The “Novoland: Eagle Flag” titles were created over 10-months by Linmon Digital. “We wanted a title sequence reminiscent of those created by Patrick Clair for ‘Westworld' and ‘True Detective,' but with distinctive Chinese elements” said CEO Han Lei.
Britain's former security minister, an old and good friend, once said to me, “Predicting the future is not only useless but dangerous; understanding the present and using that understanding to prepare for the future, however, is useful and vital.” So how do we prepare for 2017? The details may be obscure but the trends are obvious.The Middle East will continue to be a fulcrum of foreign policy and international diplomacy but not within the traditional and somewhat stale, even banal, assumptions of the past. To see the situation through the prism of Israel and Palestine or Moscow and Washington simply won't do anymore and is the stuff of student politics. The sides are different now, the ambitions changed.A new Sunni world alliance is being formed, with the regional superpowers of Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Turkey binding together to combat Iran, Shia extremism, and also the threat of Sunni but unhinged and nihilistic Daesh, also known as ISIS. The latter may be horrific and cruel but while it can kill people it can't destabilize major Muslim governments, and there will be no caliphate. Iran and its junior siblings remain the main threat to the politicians in Ankara, Riyadh, Amman and the Gulf states, and it's Persia, not Palestine, that is spoken about incessantly.To perfect a regional alliance these Arab states need Israel, and their traditional, if often cosmetic, hostility to the Jewish state is now little more than a façade. Hence the reality that Israel is closer to Egypt than at any time since the rule of President Sadat; that Saudi diplomats are making conciliatory noises about peace in numerous international conferences; and that Turkey has restored full diplomatic relations with Jerusalem and was one of the first countries to send aid when arson attacks ravaged Israel.Russia is the great winner in Middle Eastern foreign policy, being seen as a defender of Arab Christians, a bulwark against Daesh and an honest broker between Israel and the Arab states. That's an immensely flattering view of Moscow, of course, but the fact is that Israel now has a conduit to Syria — and even Iran — through Russia and for the first time since the late '40s and early '50s the Israeli leadership is relatively close to the Kremlin.Article Continued BelowWhat this means in the coming year to the West is unclear and, as a consequence, fascinating. Barack Obama's regional policy was flawed largely because it was inconsistent. Confuse enemies but always reassure friends. Donald Trump may not have a grasp of the issues, but in the new secretary of state they do have a relatively clean sheet and that's no bad thing. Rex Tillerson is a deeply worrying figure but their close relationship with Russia and knowledge of oil economics could be productive, whether we like it or not.When it comes to climate change, however, the Trump administration may well oversee a disastrous year, at a juncture when time is of the essence and we simply can't procrastinate and postpone any longer. If the political right is worried about immigration and refugees now, wait until weather conditions become even more disturbed and watch as the greatest migration in human history takes place. Reactionary platitudes, walls and violence will be like flatulence in the wind.I have no idea what Justin Trudeau will do and I'm not sure it matters that much. Let me qualify the statement. This is, thank God, a country of privilege and stability. We need to expand care for the poor and marginalized, deal properly with the shameful way we've treated indigenous people, introduce a carbon tax and keep our distance from Washington, but I will not pretend that I care passionately about electoral reform, the tiresome cliché of “Justin's honeymoon” or who becomes the next Conservative leader. Trudeau has done very little, but even very little is preferable to what preceded him. Canada works, and our most pressing problems are challenging but relatively mild compared to almost every other country in the world.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Authorities are searching for a 13-year-old Sacramento boy first reported missing early Tuesday afternoon.
Police say Josiah March was last seen around 1:30 p.m. in the 800 block of San Juan Road. March is described as being 5'2” tall with a thin build. A clothing description was not given.
If you have any information regarding their whereabouts, you are asked to call 911 immediately.
*At Risk Missing Person: Please help us locate 13-year-old Josiah March, 5'2", thin, last seen today at 1:30 p.m., in the 800 block of San Juan Road. Please share and Re-Tweet. If you see him, call 9-1-1. pic.twitter.com/AGBS9oFQKx — Sacramento Police (@SacPolice) July 4, 2018
© 2018 KXTV
RAWALPINDI, Aug 14 (APP): Floats of Mazar-i-Quaid and Ziarat
Residency at special Azadi Train attracted large crowds at
Rawalpindi Railway Station on Monday.
Quaid i Azad Muhammad Ali Jinnah's historic pictures and
cultural heritage displayed in galleries also attracted all and
sundry.
A senior citizen Khalid said that the Azadi Train had been
beautifully decorated and especially the historical pictures of our
Founder Leader were very precious asset.
Tufail Ahmed another visitor taking selfie with Quaid
residency replica said that it had been very beautifully prepared.
They lauded the Pakistan Railway for arranging Azadi Train, adding
that people loved to know the history of our beloved country.
Other visitors also highly appreciated the cultural floats
depicting the culture of all four provinces including Gilgit
Baltistan and Azad Jammu Kashmir.
A large number of school students also visited Azadi Train and
took keen interest in the cultural floats and historical galleries.
A teacher, Gul Meena said that it was really great day for them
students to visit such a beautiful Azadi Train.
They said their students really were very happy to visit Azadi Train.
The business community of Rawalpindi also lauded federal
government for arranging special Azadi train on the occasion of 70th
Independence Day.
The Azadi Train has three different parts, consisting of six
cultural floats, five galleries and six operational vehicles.
With a new husband, a bun in the oven and a career in over-drive, busy as a beaver Eva Longoria is asking $3.795 million for their longtime mansion in the historic Hollywood Dell neighborhood that winds through the foothills between Hollywood and the Hollywood Reservoir. Marketing materials, which make no secret that the home is celebrity owned, generously describe the hillside residence as a “Contemporary Mediterranean” with six bedrooms and nine bathrooms in 8,603-square-feet over three floors linked by a circular, wrought iron railed staircase. The former “Desperate Housewives” star, more recently an executive producer on “Devious Maids” and “Telenovela,” the latter on which they also starred, has owned the home since August 2006 when they scooped it up for $3.6 million.
Primary living spaces are located on the middle level and include a spacious combination living/dining room with two fireplaces and numerous wood-trimmed glass doors that open to a slender, wrap-around balcony. The adjoining kitchen, where the medium brown hardwoods switch to a banal but probably expensive beige travertine, is spacious and well equipped with a super-sized center island, full-sized side-by-side refrigerator and freezer and a compact breakfast nook. All five guest bedrooms are luxuriously en suite and the master offers a fireplace, plenty of room for a sitting area, two custom-fitted celebrity-style walk-in closets and a tumbled travertine tiled bathroom with a gas fireplace wedged at an angle between a jetted garden tub and separate, glass-enclosed steam shower.
In addition to a wrought-iron and frosted glass front door and a two-car garage with direct entrance to the residence, the partially subterranean ground floor includes a state-of-the-art screening room with projection system and deep, comfy-cozy sofas as well as a cave-like family room with huge, curvilinear wet bar that, but for a couple of windows into the depths of the swimming pool, is otherwise windowless. Tucked behind and hidden from the street by a tall and visually impenetrable hedge, a stone-tiled, courtyard-sized yard, squeezes in a sheltered dining terrace with nicely equipped outdoor kitchen and barbecue area and a plunge-sized swimming pool and spa with over the hedgerow mountain view.
Longoria, co-star of the upcoming reprise of the iconic 1987 rom-com “Overboard” and the director and executive producer of the upcoming documentary “Sanctuary,” has been much in the real estate gossip columns the last few years. In the fall of 2015 they paid Tom Cruise $11.4 million for a gated, multi-residence compound that occupies a private, 2.5-acre promontory high above Laurel Canyon that came up for sale in late 2017 $14 million — it remains available at the same price — and in the fall of 2016 they sold a 1920s Italianate villa in the historic Whitley Heights neighborhood next to the Hollywood Bowl for $1.375 million.
In addition to an 11,000-plus-square-foot mansion privately sequestered at the end of a long, gated driveway in the Benedict Canyon area of Beverly Hills they scooped up in late 2017 for $13.5 million, the politically active entertainment industry hyphenate, married in 2016 for the third time and preggers with their first child, presides over a plump property portfolio that currently includes a not quite 3,500-square-foot residence in a prosperous gated enclave just north of downtown San Antonio, Texas, she's owned since 2005 as well as a just over 1,500-square-foot residence behind gates just above Malibu's Zuma Beach that they acquired in 2008 for $2.5 million.
Listing photos: Coldwell Banker
WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–May 21, 2018–Dole Food Company announced today that Recyplast S.A., an innovative plastic recycling company based in Costa Rica and with joint ownership including a subsidiary of Dole Fresh Fruit, recently surpassed 25 years in its mission to dramatically reduce and reuse agricultural waste.
Raul Martinez (right), General Manager of Dole Standard Fruit de Costa Rica, receives a plaque from Jose Miguel Ramirez, General Manager of Recyplast, in recognition of the contribution of Dole's banana plantations in the correct handling, storage, and provision of field plastic waste.
The plastic recycling facility pioneered the collection of field plastics after use in banana growing operations in Costa Rica. This reuse and recycling process includes reclamation of plastic bags that protect bananas from weather and insects, as well as the collection of plastic twine used to prop the banana plants and other plastics used to protect the fruit during cultivation. The field plastic is processed into plastic corner boards, which support and reinforce the structural integrity of shipping pallets. Even after arrival some Dole customers continue to recycle the corner board products down the chain.
Police respond to a reported explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (Photo: Bryan R. Smith / Getty Images)
New York — A pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and another person at the height of the morning rush hour, law enforcement officials said.
The man and the other person were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast filled the passageway, crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters, with smoke.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and fire both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iS0kRs
With their family and loyal friends of Germantown Academy around her, longtime Patriots girls' varsity head coach Sherri Retif cuts the ceremonial ribbon at the dedication of a basketball court in their honor in the school's new field house annex. Just before the event last Friday evening, a victory over Inter-Ac rival Academy of Notre Dame raised Retif's career coaching record to 653-180. A member of Tulane University's Athletic Hall of Fame due to their prowess as a player, Retif has guided GA teams to 16 league championships since starting at the school in the 1998-99 season, and they have developed numerous All-American and NCAA Division I athletes. (Photo by Tom Utescher)
Ahead of the release of Singapore Airline (SIA)'s financial results in mid-February, analysts at UOB KayHian are already expecting the group's net profit to be stellar, thanks to the stronger load factors.
UOB KayHian analyst K Ajith said SIA is projected to report a 74 percent growth in headline net profit and 26.6 percent jump in core net earnings for its 3Q18. This is supported by the higher yields from SIA Cargo and the parent airline.
"In 3Q18, pax loads increased 3 percent year-on-year for the parent airline as traffic growth continued to outpace capacity due to stronger passenger demand during the year-end peak period. The growth in profit would be partially driven by SIA's efforts to stabilise yields," Ajith noted.
Also Read: Singapore Airlines, one of the least fuel efficient to fly the Pacific
With regards to SIA Cargo, the high load factors and strong yields would drive its operating profit. In the previous quarter, SIA Cargo recorded a whopping 236 percent year-on-year jump in operating profit, thanks to a higher yield and load factors.
"We expect a similar rate of growth in earnings for 3QFY18 and we are partially guided by the strong 15-22 percent year-on-year increase in cargo yields by Taiwanese carriers over the same period," Ajith said.
And while SIA's parent airline is seen to have performed well in the recently concluded quarter, the same should not be expected from subsidiaries SilkAir and Scoot. Ajith said the two could report declining operating profits amidst rising fuel costs.
The analyst also took note of the possibility of SIA reporting minor fuel hedging gains of up to S$20 million during the quarter.
"SIA had guided that it had hedged approximately 49% of its fuel requirements for 2H18 at about US$65/bbl on jet fuel (including Brent contracts) and has long-dated Brent contracts until FY23 at US$53-59. Comparatively, jet fuel prices averaged US$66.30 in 3Q18," Ajith explained.
Meanwhile, one potential concern that could reduce SIA's projected net profit in the next financial year was the proposed 30 percent increase in landing fees.
Should this happen, Ajith said their net profit projections could fall by 15 percent.
The analyst added, "Based on our estimates, SIA must raise average ticket prices by 1% to commensurate the rise in expenditure."
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – The number of those killed in Tuesday's ferry capsize in Indonesia increased to 29, Syamsul Kadri, the head of the rescue operation, said on Wednesday.
“The most updated data about the casualty is 29 people dead and around 41 others are still unfounded,” Kadri said as quoted by the Xinhua news agency.
Kadri indicated that as many as 98 people had been rescued from the vessel.
Full story: sputniknews.com
Sputnik International
Just updated is “Flying with the iPad.”
The ebook's fourth edition includes information on the iPad Pro, ios 10, and the latest enhancements to popular aviation apps, according to Sporty's officials.
“Pilots have adopted the iPad faster than any other consumer technology in recent memory,” says Sporty's Vice President John Zimmerman. “From student pilots in Cessna 172s to airline pilots in Boeings, the iPad is changing the way aviation works.”
Flying with the iPad, from the publishers of Sporty's iPad Pilot News website, helps you choose the right iPad, find the best aviation apps, choose accessories and get flying.
The ebook includes information on using a portable ADS-B receiver and the use of an external GPS. Popular apps such as ForeFlight and Garmin Pilot are explored in depth.
The ebook includes more than 75 color pictures and screenshots.
Flying with the iPad ebook is available exclusively at Amazon.com and may be downloaded for $6.99.
(CNN) -- It didn't take long for Viking Ocean Cruises to crush the competition.
The company, which is already established in river cruising, launched its first ocean cruise ship in 2015 to wide acclaim.
The company dominated the 2017 Cruise Critic Cruisers' Choice Awards, winning awards in 10 categories.
Viking Sea won the best overall ship in the small-mid size ship category, the best entertainment, the best service, the best fitness, the best public rooms and best shore excursions. Its sister ship Viking Star won for best dining, best cabins, best value and best for first-time cruisers in the same size category.
"The Cruisers' Choice Awards are particularly important because they are based on reviews submitted to Cruise Critic over the past year and directly reflect the experiences people had on their cruise," said Colleen McDaniel, Cruise Critic's senior executive editor.
"This means that you can not only see the ships that won, but also find out why. Reviews offer a really good starting point for planning a cruise, to help you to narrow down your choices."
The awards are based on consumer reviews and ratings by members of the Cruise Critic website.
Disney's appeal goes beyond children
Disney Cruise Line took eight awards this year, a drop from its dominating total of 11 awards in 2016. But the Disney awards demonstrated the appeal of the cruise line beyond child-centered travel.
Disney Magic did win the award for best overall ship for families, but most of the company's awards were not for family appeal. Magic won for best overall ship in the midsize ship category, while the larger Disney Dream won for best overall large ship for the third year in a row.
The Dream also won for best service, the best public rooms, best cabins and best shore excursions, while the Fantasy won for best fitness and recreation.
Celebrity Xpedition, the Celebrity Cruise Line ship based in the Galapagos, won six awards in the small ship category: the best overall ship, the best embarkation, the best fitness, the best public rooms, best value and best shore excursions.
The awards are given in four ship categories, based on passenger capacity. Large ships carry 2,000 or more passengers; midsize ships carry 1,200 to 1,999 passengers; small-mid size ships carry 400-1,199 passengers; and small ships carry fewer than 400 passengers.
2017 Cruise Critic Cruisers' Choice Awards
Best Cruise Overall
Disney Dream (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Disney Magic (midsize) -- Disney Cruise Line
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) -- Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruise Ship Cabins
Disney Dream (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Marina (midsize) -- Oceania Cruises
Viking Star (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Star Legend (small) -- Windstar Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Dining
Celebrity Reflection (large) -- Celebrity Cruises
Marina (midsize) -- Oceania Cruises
Viking Star (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Wind Surf (small) -- Windstar Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Embarkation
Celebrity Reflection (large) -- Celebrity Cruises
Celestyal Crystal (midsize) -- Celestyal Cruises
Pacific Princess (small-mid) -- Princess Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) -- Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Entertainment
Allure of the Seas (large) -- Royal Caribbean International
Celestyal Crystal (midsize) -- Celestyal Cruises
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Silver Shadow (small) -- Silversea Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Fitness & Recreation
Disney Fantasy (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Marina (midsize) -- Oceania Cruises
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) -- Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Public Rooms
Disney Dream (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Marina (midsize) -- Oceania Cruises
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) -- Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Service
Disney Dream (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Marina (midsize) -- Oceania Cruises
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Paul Gauguin (small) -- Paul Gauguin Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Shore Excursions
Disney Dream (large) -- Disney Cruise Line
Celestyal Crystal (midsize) -- Celestyal Cruises
Viking Sea (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) -- Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruise Ships for Value
Norwegian Sky (large) -- Norwegian Cruise Line
Celestyal Crystal (midsize) -- Celestyal Cruises
Viking Star (small-mid) -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Celebrity Xpedition (small) - Celebrity Cruises
Best Cruises for Families
Disney Magic -- Disney Cruise Line
Best for First Timers
Viking Star -- Viking Ocean Cruises
Natalie Portman may have hosted the Feb. 3 episode of “Saturday Night Live,” but they didn't come alone. While the cold open saw Alec Baldwin reprising their Emmy Award-winning role as Donald Trump, past “SNL” favorites Tina Fey, Rachel Dratch and Andy Samberg also popped up in sketches.
With Sunday's Super Bowl on minds and the teams in the game being the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots, Fey and Dratch represented their respective hometowns in a sketch about the feud between Philadelphia and New England. Taking place in 1775, the sketch opened with news that New England beat the British at Bunker Hill — which elicited groans because “now we would have to hear the boasting from the Patriots of New England.”
Dressed in Revolutionary War-era garb, Dratch led the group of New Englanders as they drank “coffee from Dunkin” — which, in a twist, turned out to be an actual man (played by Chris Redd) and not the famous chain, Dunkin' Donuts. “It's good, right?” They said. “I feel like it should go with a sweet bread.”
Fey, meanwhile, led the group from Philadelphia, which included Kenan Thompson starting the theme song from “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” and calling out Wawa — who in this case was a woman, not the famous chain.
Related 'Saturday Night Live' Sees Alec Baldwin Return as Trump in 'Fox & Friends' Parody (Watch) 'All the Money in the World's' Stacy Martin Joins Natalie Portman in 'Vox Lux'
The two groups' rivalry took part as trash talk between Fey and Dratch.
“Like eagles, we Philadelphians are swift, we are deadly and our eyes are a little too close together,” Fey said. “Can I tell you something about your precious captain Thomas Brady? He's old. He's 40 which is four years past life expectancy. Boston's not even a real city — it's a college town with a fishing pier.”
Dratch, meanwhile had a couple of quick retorts, including, “Talk to us when you win one, numbnuts,” “New England brings the pain,” and “One if by land, two by your mother.”
Samberg appeared in Portman's follow up to the 2006 “Natalie Raps” digital short that started off as a simple interview but turned into an epic performance as Portman rapped about the salacious things she's done — including smoking weed and cheating on Ivy League tests. Samberg rapped alongside them in that original sketch — and the song was also featured on their group The Lonely Island's “Incredibad” album.
The sequel to “Natalie Raps” featured Portman putting a 2018 spin on the rap about their life by including mentions of clickbait, Tide Pods and being sex positive, as well as escalating their drug game to “Xanies in my pinot.” They also took on some of their own roles, including “Black Swan” and “Star Wars's” Queen Amidala, the latter of which they dressed as and asked Alex Moffat to “say something about the motherf—ing prequels — say something nice about Jar Jar Binks.”
Chris Parnell, who played the interviewer in the first rap did not appear in the Feb. 3 sketch. Beck Bennett took on the role of the interviewer that started it all by asking, “Why don't you fill us in on what it's like to be you?”
Watch the “Revolutionary War” sketch below:
Watch Portman's rap below:
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. on NBC.
MONACO -- It was Rafael Nadal who explained it best.
"Roger [Federer] is playing two to three shots, trying to play more aggressive than before," they said. "He probably knows that on clay, that is more difficult. I wouldn't say it's impossible, but it's much more difficult. I believe that they really does not want to change their mentality, and playing on clay probably makes you change something.
"So I think they are more focused on what they have to do, to be competitive, to be healthy and to keep playing that well.  They are focused on doing what is working well for him."
For Federer, the surprise winner at the Australian Open and then, in less of a surprise, the champion at Indian Wells and Miami, that means sitting out the clay season until at least until the French Open.
The good news for Rafael Nadal, who is going for their 10th Monte Carlo title, is that that they won't have to contend with Roger Federer. Clive Brunskill/Getty Images)
And as the dirt swing begins in earnest here at the Monte Carlo Masters, Federer will be back home kicking their feet up, which is good news for their rivals.
It's hard to overstate the importance of momentum. And if you're Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic and Nadal, the best way to deal with Federer, for now, is to forget about him.
Those three top rivals of Federer, though, dominated the clay-court season in 2016, which likely factored into their decision to bail on most of this segment of the year. Even a fresh, confident Federer might find it difficult to build on their early-season success on a surface that doesn't offer them quite as much value for theirs shots.
World No. 1 Murray and Djokovic are returning from similar elbow injuries, which caused them to miss Miami, something that could temper expectations this week.
It was not long ago that Murray struggled to adapt to the clay. But they recently have transformed their game on it, winning two Masters 1000s, Madrid in 2015 and Rome last year, followed by a run to the French Open final just weeks later.
"I just feel way more comfortable moving on [clay] now," Murray said. "I know how to move on clay much, much better. I spent lots of time on it in 2014, 2015, lots of time working on my movement on the clay. Some of the Davis Cup ties helped me as well, so my clay-court season has been sometimes a bit longer. That has helped me a lot, as well."
Djokovic seems focused and relaxed, having accepted in their own mind why, by their own lofty standards, their form dipped in the second half of 2016 after they won the French Open to complete the career Grand Slam.
"Until recently, I haven't taken that whole period of five, six, seven years seriously and [realized] what I've achieved and how much energy I have spent," Djokovic said. "After Roland Garros, I didn't have time to enjoy it. Wimbledon was around the corner, and I had to prepare for the Olympic Games."
Editor's Picks W2W4 in Monte Carlo: Murray, Djokovic return to the court Welcome back, Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic. But they'll hardly be the only stars who take the court at the first major clay event of the season at the Monte Carlo Masters.
S. Johnson wins clay court title despite cramps Steve Johnson was hobbled by cramps serving at the end of the third set but managed to defeat Brazil's Thomaz Bellucci 6-4, 4-6, 7-6 (5) to win the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship on Sunday.
Coric wins in Morocco for first ATP tour title Borna Coric won the first ATP Tour title of their career by saving five match points against Philipp Kohlschreiber in the final of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Marrakech. 2 Related
Like Murray, Djokovic lost early in Australia and suffered another early defeat in Indian Wells -- two events that have been so good to them in the past. But Djokovic is not about to panic.
"First three, four months of the year haven't really passed the way I would like them to be," Djokovic said. "But I trust myself, trust my capabilities and quality and effort that I put in, so I just have to believe that that process is going to give me sooner or later the results that I want."
Nadal is coming off one of their best-ever starts to the year, reaching three finals including the Australian Open and Miami. As they try to win Monte Carlo for a record 10th time -- no man in the Open era has won a single event that many times -- they are confident and, perhaps more importantly, smiling.
"It is important because I am enjoying it," Nadal said. "That's the most important thing for me, to be happy playing tennis. When I don't have injuries and I feel I am competitive, that makes me enjoy it and makes me happy, more than winning titles. It is obvious to me that it is important to feel competitive enough to have the chance to compete for the most important thing, and for the things that really motivate me.
"I had that feeling in the first part of the season, and I am working to have that feeling in the next couple of months."
Willem Dafoe has joined Edward Norton in the thriller “Motherless Brooklyn,” Norton's long-in-development adaptation of the Jonathan Lethem novel.
Norton is attached to direct from their own script and produce through their Class 5 Films production company. Other current producers are William Migliore, Stuart Blumberg, MWM Studios' Gigi Pritzker, and Rachel Shane. Sue Kroll, who exited Warner Bros. last month following a major shakeup, is exec producing.
The novel won the 1999 National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction. Lethem's protagonist, Lionel Essrog, has Tourette syndrome and works as a private eye at a makeshift detective agency.
Norton will star as Essrog in the film, set in 1954. The story focuses on a young woman protesting against a powerful developer, who designs neighborhoods as slums so their people can buy up property. Dafoe will play the developer's brother.
Dafoe recently received their third Academy Award nomination for their supporting role as motel operator Bobby Hicks in “The Florida Project.” They were previously nominated for Oliver Stone's “Platoon” in 1986 and “Shadow of the Vampire” in 2000.
Dafoe's recent credits include “Dog Eat Dog,” “The Great Wall ” with Matt Damon, and “Murder on the Orient Express.” Dafoe can be seen next in Julian Schnabel's “At Eternity's Gate” and in James Wan's “Aquaman,” opposite Jason Momoa. He's repped by CAA and Circle of Confusion. The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
30 Risks To Market In 2018: Precious Metals & News Video – Junius Maltby
Tonight we cover everything from metals to crypto. We discuss 2018 economy – predictions. We will address silver:gold ratio, DOW, crypto, Ripple XRP, Verge XVG, LTC, economy, what to do when you have wealth and recent developments with the Junius Maltby Channel
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
KARACHI :Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chairperson Imran Khan, who is in Karachi on a two-day visit as part of their election drive, termed the metropolis' development as critical to Pakistan's progress.
Addressing a gathering of business community on Wednesday, the PTI chief outlined their party's plans for the city's development.
“Pakistan cannot progress if its biggest city Karachi isn't managed well,” said Imran, as they lamented the lack of basic facilities in the megapolis.
The PTI leader said their party, if voted into power, would introduce an empowered local government system in Karachi and take care of the city's growing water needs by building desalination plants and power projects.
“Pakistan is lagging behind in the world, even in the subcontinent which is [one of the poorest] regions,” they said.
“The nation is in debt like it has never been before.. the rupee is sliding [against the dollar]. People want change. People of Sindh are ready for change.”
Imran is scheduled to tour different areas of the metropolis today as part of their ongoing campaign for the upcoming general election.
 They are also set to unveil PTI's first-ever national housing scheme for the public.
Share on: WhatsApp
The Tigers selected St. Bonaventure shortstop Cole Peterson in the 13th round on Day 3 Wednesday of the Major League Baseball draft. (Photo: Mike Janes / Associated Press)
The Tigers opened the last day of the Major League Baseball Draft just how they started, with, what else, more pitching.
Detroit used its 11th-round selection on right-hander Garett King from California Baptist University, and its 12th-rounder on Will Vest, a right-hander from Stephen F. Austin. The Tigers drafted seven pitchers in their first 12 picks, and all of them have been college arms.
King played two seasons at Nebraska, even making the Big Ten All-Freshmen team, before transferring back closer to home. The Anaheim Hills, Calif., native pitched in 12 games this season, their junior year, and was 7-1 with a 2.33 ERA. Opponents hit just .205 against him, and they struck out 85 and walked just 17 over 77.1 innings.
The 6-foot-4, 200-pounder typically went deep into games, throwing two complete games, including a 15-strikeout no-hitter in March. It would've been a perfect game if not for a hit batter.
In Vest, the Tigers landed a pitcher who had collegiate success as a reliever. This season, in 31 games, all relief appearances, they posted a 1.38 ERA and struck out 46 in 45.2 innings. Interestingly, the 6-1, 180-pounder spent their first two seasons as a hitter, before making the transition to the mound.
The Tigers used their 13th-round pick to take their first middle infielder of the draft, shortstop Cole Peterson from St. Bonaventure, and their 14th pick to take their third center fielder of the draft — and just their second high-school player — in Antoine Mistico from Arizona.
The draft continues through 40 rounds.
TIGERS DRAFT PICKS
1. Alex Faedo, RHP, 6-5/225, Florida
2. Reynaldo Rivera, OF/1B, 6-6/250, Chipola College, Fla.
3. Joey Morgan, C, 6-0/185, Washington
4. Gio Arriera, RHP, 6-2/220, Palm Beach State College, Fla.
5. Sam McMillan, C, 5-10/165, Suwannee High School, Fla.
6. Dane Myers, RHP, 6-2/205, Rice
7. Brad Bass, RHP, 6-6/253, Notre Dame
8. Max Green, LHP, 6-1/175, Pepperdine
9. Luke Burch, CF, 6-2/185, Kent State
10. Garrett McCain, CF, 6-0/180, Oklahoma State
11. Garett King, RHP, 6-4/200, California Baptist
12. Will Vest, RHP, RHP, 6-0/180, Stephen F. Austin
13. Cole Peterson, SS, 5-11/160, St. Bonaventure
14. Antoine Mistico, CF, 5-10/175, Chandler HS, Ariz.
15. Teddy Hoffman, RF, 6-0/200, Texas State
16. Carson Lance, RHP, 6-5/245, Lamar
17. Billy Lescher, RHP, 6-4/215, Penn
18. Dylan Rosa, LF, 6-2/200, Kent State
19. Ryan Karstetter, 3B, 6-4/200, State College of Florida Manatee
20. Dylan Burdeaux, 1B, 6-2/230, Southern Mississippi
21. Jordan Pearce, 3B, 6-2/200, Nevada-Reno
22. Colby Bortles, 3B, 6-5/230, Ole Miss
23. Mitchell Stalsberg, LHP, 6-0/215, Winona State, Minn.
24. Jordan Knutson, LHP, 6-0/185, Missouri State
25. Dylan Stock, RHP, 6-4/195, Binghamton
26. Drew Crosby, LHP, 6-0/196, Memphis
27. Jake Bivens, UT, 6-1/190, Michigan (Battle Creek)
28. Cam Warner, 2B, 6-2/188, TCU
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
With Donald Trump and Roseanne Barr dominating the news cycle, controversial documentarian Michael Moore took to their social media accounts to tease what looks to be a documentary about the sitting president.
Moore posted a clip on Twitter and their website of them and Trump on Barr's 1998 talk show, where Trump congratulated them on their film about General Motors CEO Roger Smith, “Roger & Me.” “I hope you never do one on me,” Trump says about being the subject of one of their movies.
I know Roseanne. And I know Trump. And they are about to rue the day they knew me… pic.twitter.com/vW81Gq7s1i — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) May 30, 2018
Moore announced last year that they were planning a documentary on Trump called “Fahrenheit 11/9” focusing on the Trump presidency. The Weinstein Company film was scrapped in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal. Sources say they are unsure whether this is the same doc, which the filmmaker hopes to revive at a new studio, or a completely different pic with a similar focus.
Moore has already targeted Trump in two other projects: 2016's “Michael Moore in TrumpLand” — based on their one-person show — and their Broadway debut, “The Terms of My Surrender.”
Moore is no stranger to searing condemnations of presidents. “Fahrenheit 9/11” took a deep dive into George W. Bush's presidency following the September 11 attacks. The 2004 film is still the highest grossing documentary of all time.
