PORTLAND, Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," they said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night, and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup. Some waved rainbow Pride flags.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
"She is high on their faith, and in my honest option that's absolutely incredible," teammate Jessica McDonald said. "If she's for God, then that's fine, that's great if that's what keeps them going in their life and keeps positivity in their life, then let that be."
Courage coach Paul Riley said they heard the boos and echoed McDonald's sentiment.
"She's got a good heart, and they battled through the game. It's not an easy thing for her," Riley said. "I give them a lot of credit to be perfectly honest. Whatever their beliefs are, whatever they believe in, that's them It doesn't affect the team. It doesn't seem to affect anybody on the team."
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Your weekend just got batter as Morrisons have created the ultimate Yorkshire pudding and pizza comfort food.
To celebrate Yorkshire Pudding Day, the supermarket has created a Yorshire Pudding Pizza and we can't wait to grab a slice of the action.
The dish, which combines two of the nation's favourite foods, comes complete with a 6.5 inch pudding base crammed with tomato sauce and mozzarella, reports The Mirror.
There are two flavours – classic pepperoni, and meat feast, which is topped with meatballs, pepperoni, spicy beef, and jalapeños. Just like mama used to make, right?
The creation celebrates Yorkshire Pudding Day on Saturday February 3.
(Image: PA)
A cheesy hybrid
We imagine Morrisons may well have been inspired by the northern restaurant chain Rub Smokehouse and Bar, which last year created a Yorkshire pudding pizza full of sausage meat.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jenny Dixon, Yorkshire Pudding Expert (this is their real title – yes, we love it too) at Morrisons, said: "Everyone loves Yorkshire Pudding and everyone loves pizza, so we are combining the two to create the ultimate comfort food for Yorkshire Pudding Day.
(Image: PA Wire)
"The crust is made the same way as a typical Yorkshire Pudding and is topped the same way as one of our pizzas. We're looking forward to hearing what customers think but we hope that they'll love it!"
The pizzas will be available until February 20 and cost £3. Morrisons sells more than a million Yorkshire Puddings every week.
An Uber self-driving car in Tempe, Arizona has struck and killed a pedestrian, according to local TV news station KNXV. Local authorities have identified the victim as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg.
According to the Tempe Police, "occurred overnight on Mill Ave. just south of Curry Rd." Herzberg was pushing their bicycle across the street when the Uber vehicle, which was traveling northbound, hit them
"She was transported to a local area hospital where they passed away from their injuries," the police said in a statement.
Tempe Police say the car was in self-driving mode, and there was a safety driver behind the wheel of the car.
The National Transportation Safety Board is sending a team to investigate the incident.
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber has suspended its driverless car testing program nationwide.
If the death was caused by an error by Uber's driverless car software, it would be the first such death in the United States. An error in Tesla's Autopilot software contributed to the death of Tesla driver Joshua Brown in 2016, but that crash happened only after the driver ignored repeated warnings to put their hands back on the steering wheel. And Tesla has emphasized that Autopilot is a driver assistance feature, not a replacement for a human driver.
Uber, in contrast, is trying to build fully autonomous vehicles. There are hundreds of such vehicles being tested around the United States by Waymo, Cruise, Uber, and other companies. But until now, there have been few serious accidents caused by this testing and no fatalities.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds. Pause
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork
By: Rebecca Turco
Email: rturco@abc6.com
NORTH PROVIDENCE, R.I. – North Providence Mayor Charles Lombardi released a lengthy independent report Monday, finding that the sexual harassment claims filed by the town are unfounded.
Lombardi described Lieutenant Diana Perez's claims as: "Throw everything at the wall and hope that something will stick."
The findings from the months-long independent investigation also dismiss Perez's gender discrimination and retaliation claims against the heads of the police department, which date back to 2012.
In one complaint, Perez says Acting Chief Christopher Pelagio started singing in front of her, "I like big butts and I cannot lie." In the report, Pelagio denies they meant this about Perez, saying the song was in their head from a movie they had just seen.
The mayor commissioned the investigation and the 74-page report – a roughly $40,000 price tag they say is taxpayer money well spent. The report also found the police department has an ongoing morale program.
The mayor says female employees should still feel welcome there. "I think it's a welcoming atmosphere for all of our employees if they come to work and just do their job, and not get involved in the inter-department, interoffice, the bantering," they explained.
Perez and one of their attorneys, Alberto Aponte Cardona, sat in the front row during Lombardi's press conference Monday. “He couldn't even look at her," Cardona said of Lombardi.
"Not once did they look them in the face because this is nothing but antics,” Cardona continued, "To have to go through this, to be a woman and have to go through this, it's absolutely appalling. To have one of your body parts as an issue or factor in your employment that's degrading.”
Perez remains on leave from work.  They are suing the town, Lombardi, Pelagio and Acting Deputy Chief Charles Davey. Cardona says the report released Monday has no bearing on their federal lawsuit.
Lombardi said Pelagio is still heading the police department for now.
© WLNE-TV 2017
NOW that was a shock death – or was it just another bluff on The Walking Dead?
After promising so much but delivering very little this season, The Walking Dead unleashed a huge twist at the end of its series eight mid-season finale.
Prepare for a massive spoiler-filled review of episode eight.
Camera Icon Carl Grimes became the focus of the mid-season finale. Picture: Supplied
So, the mid-season finale goes for a little over an hour but all that counts is the last 30 seconds or so, when Carl Grimes reveals they were bitten by a Walker while rescuing new character Saddiq and now Rick's beloved son is just hours from death.
If true, this is easily the biggest twist of the show's long and violent history.
This isn't Shane, or Lori or even Glenn. Carl Grimes is one of the two central planks on which this series is based. Without Carl Grimes, the Whisperer War plot (set to follow the war with Negan), falls apart.
The TV show has split apart from its source material in the comics but killing off Carl isn't just a mild divergence, it takes the comics and wipes its arse on them.
So is they really dying? Well, a Walker bite on the torso is fatal. You can't cut off your entire body. Unless Eugene and Dr Carson can invent a cure in the next 12 hours, when the finest minds in the world could not do that in 12 months, that is the end for Carl.
Or is it? Is it a real Walker bite?
Let's face it, the show does have form when it comes to faking major deaths. Remember Glenn back in season six at the dumpster? Or how about Rick at the fun park with the deer and Michonne last season?
Camera Icon Michonne thought they “saw” Rick die last season. Picture: Supplied
Carl wanted to shake their father up and try and stop the bloodshed. We all know Rick would do anything for Carl. What about agreeing to their “dying” son to do whatever Carl wants to create a new world after Negan is defeated?
They could get Saddiq to bite them to leave the tell-tale marks but obviously not leave the Walker virus.
The timeline is also wrong. Most Walker bite victims go down within 24 hours (although that timeline does get rubbery, depending on the needs of the plot). That would leave Carl unable to lead the defence of Alexandria by then.
So, this might be another “Dumpster Glenn” scenario. Or they might really be dying.
Chandler Riggs has given an interview when they confirmed the character was dying. But, then again, Kit Harington spent months pretending that Jon Snow was dead as well. Until Rick tenderly stabs their son in the brain, we won't quite believe they are dead.
If they do die, this could certainly signal the end of the show. If it is to end this season, then there is no need to keep Carl around for a Whisperer War. But it could also be a new start to the show, taking it in completely different directions. We could even see it merging with Fear The Walking Dead and the likes of Nick Clark taking on the role that Carl would have played.
Camera Icon Did Carl really get bitten? They didn't react during the fight scene, nor complain afterwards. Picture: Supplied
It will certainly see fans itching for the second half of the season.
As to the rest of the mid-season finale, it was actually done quite well.
Negan unleashed their counter-attack on our heroes by invading the Kingdom, where Ezekiel got their people to safety before handing themselves over to the Saviours. However, both Carol and Morgan are hovering, so I don't think they will end up dead on a spike at the Sanctuary after all. Carol sends the Kingdom crowd off in the direction of Richard's old caravan, which is conveniently full of guns and explosives.
Incidentally, how come Morgan got away from the sanctuary but didn't think to warn anybody?
Camera Icon Ezekiel sacrificed themselves for their people. Picture: Supplied
Anyway, Simon then set a trap for Maggie, killing one of their Hilltoppers and telling them to go back and farm for them. Instead they went back and killed one of the captive Saviours as a warning to the others and is preparing the Hilltop for a last stand. Damn, they are impressive.
Over at Alexandria, Negan sends in their full force. After first offering themselves as a sacrifice to Negan, Carl then organises for the gang to bust out the back (with some help from Dwight) and then escapes into the sewers.
Did Carl do that because they know they are dying from a zombie bite? If so, why didn't they go through with it, because they looked to be actually reaching Negan … or is the bite all part of the “plan” they insisted Michonne and the others follow?
Camera Icon Maggie came out looking like a real leader and hero. Picture: Supplied
Rick arrives late (he, Carol and Jerry were involved in a car accident that saw Jerry captured by the Saviours but the other two get away. Don't ask me how, it makes no sense).
Anyway, Rick goes to their house, which is the only one not on fire, and runs into Negan, where they both have a chance to kill the other but fail.
Michonne finds Rick and together they escape into the sewers.
Camera Icon The Saviours Dwight is a spy, setting it up for Eugene to become the new spy. Picture: Supplied
Dwight, meanwhile, has been outed as the spy for Rick, so has to join the Alexandrians. But not to worry, Eugene is coming to their senses. They let Father Gabriel and Dr Carson escape but remains behind. At first I thought that was monumentally stupid but now it sets them up perfectly to be the new inside man for Rick and the gang.
So, all was poised for much more of the same in the second half of the season, until Carl's revelation.
Sadly, we have to wait until at least February to find out if it really is true…
May 3 Metlife Inc
* Q1 earnings per share $0.75; q1 operating earnings per share $1.41; q1 total operating revenue $16.88 billion, up 2 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.27, revenue view $17.08 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Metlife q1 premiums, fees & other revenues $11.99 billion, down 4 percent
* Metlife q1 net investment income $5.20 billion, up 14 percent
* Metlife says at quarter-end, book value, excluding aoci other than fcta, was $50.52 per share, down 5 percent from $53.31 at March 31, 2016
* Metlife - q1 net income includes $602 million, after tax, in net derivative losses compared with $868 million, after tax, in net derivative gains in q1 2016
* Metlife says in q1, rising equity markets and costs associated with repositioning hedging strategies contributed to net derivative losses
* Metlife says brighthouse financial reported q1 operating earnings of $244 million, down 25 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Golf Course Rezoned in Middle Smithfield Township
MIDDLE SMITHFIELD TOWNSHIP — After months of talk, a decision has finally been made to rezone Country Club of the Poconos Municipal Golf Course near Marshalls Creek from residential to commercial use.
“It makes it available to commercial development as opposed to no development. What we are trying to do is create opportunities in our township to expand the tax base,” said Mike Dwyer, Middle Smithfield Township Supervisor.
The 18-hole golf course has been owned by Middle Smithfield Township since 2010.
Officials say the ownership is now costing them money and they hope this new decision is one they will profit from.
“It's very difficult to sell a golf course because there are so many in the Poconos. We are hoping, with the opportunity to develop with a commercial district, a use would be something like a hotel,” said Dwyer.
Selling the golf course would put it back on the township tax roll and township officials say any type of development could potentially create some jobs for people in this area.
The golf course is located within a housing development in the township.
Residents we spoke to say they hope whenever it's sold, some of that money will go back to taxpayers.
“I'd like to see some large company with a lot of money that is willing to invest come in. I think it's a long-term thing and I don't expect it to happen right away,” said William Surian, Middle Smithfield Township.
Township officials say selling the golf course is still in the future, but rezoning the land for commercial use was a step in the right direction.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PHOENIX (AP) - A Texas school district has placed advertisements on Phoenix billboards in an attempt to recruit Arizona teachers to a city with higher pay.
The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000.
School district officials say the advertisements were placed in Arizona and Oklahoma to target both new and veteran teachers following the recent protests over pay in both states.
Arizona lawmakers approved a plan to hike teacher salaries after a six-day walkout by educators that shut down most schools statewide.
Officials say the Fort Worth district has up to 800 job openings. The district has about 86,000 students and more than 10,000 employees.
The billboards went live on Monday and will stay up for a month.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Alec Baldwin‘s President Donald Trump returned to Saturday Night Live this weekend, calling into Fox & Friends amid their “very busy” morning.
After co-hosts Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade thanked the “big guy” for taking time out of their busy schedule — which included a P90X workout involving an egg McMuffin — Trump began boasting about their State of the Union ratings.
“I'm saving the economy, destroying ISIS, and right now getting my daily Intelligence briefing… from you guys,” they said. “Thanks so much. Your show is so great. Yuuuge ratings! Of course, not as big as the ratings for my State of the Union speech, which was watched by 10 billion people including all of China. Now they say there's only seven billion people on Earth, so where [do] the other three billion people come from? Illegals? I don't know.”
After tweeting praise from Ainsley Earhardt, Trump went on to say that Paul Ryan referred to their SOTU address as “better than Martin Luther King's ‘I Dream of Jeannie‘ speech.” They then spoke out about the Devin Nunes memo, calling it the “greatest memo since the Declaration of Independence,” even though they hadn't read “either one of them.” They also accused the FBI of being more biased than any other time in history.
“I'm told we're getting a special call… who's on the line?” #SNL pic.twitter.com/gCpXO9WlL6 — Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) February 4, 2018
Earlier in the sketch, Doocy, Kilmeade and Earhardt spoke via satellite with White House Communications Director Hope Hicks (who may or may not have been Gossip Girl), and were paid a visit by religious leader Louis Farrakhan.
We've got White House communications director Hope Hicks on the line. #SNL pic.twitter.com/yhQaYju7gP — Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) February 4, 2018
What did you think of this weekend's SNL cold open? Drop a comment below.
VAUGHAN, Ont. — Recipe Unlimited Corporation will eliminate plastic straws from its 19 restaurant brands including Swiss Chalet, Harvey's, Kelsey's and East Side Mario's.
The restaurant giant formerly known as Cara Operations will start phasing out its plastic straws in August.
Recipe Unlimited says it will dump plastic straws because of their impact on the environment and wildlife and the company's commitment to recyclable materials.
It hopes to offer paper straws in all of its restaurants by the end of March 2019.
Here's the latest booking activity from the Reno County Jail. This information is provided by the Reno County Sheriff's Office and is not criminal history. The Hutch Post assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, or completeness, of this information. All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. ——————————————
08/14/17 Alexander Trisha Lynn Probation Violation 08/14/17 West David Allen Probation Violation 08/14/17 Quinton James Rodney Rape; Circumstances Unknown 08/14/17 Quinton James Rodney Sodomy; AGGRAVATED; Non-Consensual, Victim Unconscious or Powerless 08/14/17 Hargis Randy Derik Failure to Appear 08/14/17 Owens Green Tyson Ray Failure to Appear 08/14/17 Barrera Jessica Diane Failure to Appear 08/14/17 Mendez Miguel Jose Failure to Appear 08/14/17 Renner Todd Michael Battery; Rude, Insulting or Angry Physical Contact 08/13/17 Baggett Jr William Edgar Aggravated Burglary; Unknown Circumstance 08/13/17 Baggett Jr William Edgar Assault; AGGRAVATED, with a Deadly Weapon 08/13/17 Baggett Jr William Edgar Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000 08/13/17 Baggett Jr William Edgar Failure to Appear 08/13/17 Baggett Michelle Renae Aggravated Burglary; Dwelling to commit felony, theft or sexually motivated crime 08/13/17 Baggett Michelle Renae Assault; AGGRAVATED, with a Deadly Weapon 08/13/17 Baggett Michelle Renae Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000 08/13/17 Baggett Michelle Renae Failure to Appear 08/13/17 Scheer Andy Joseph Violation of Protection Order; PFA Order 08/13/17 Jones Joshua Lee DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 1st conviction 08/13/17 Jones Joshua Lee Ignition Interlock Device; Operate MV without device during restriction 08/13/17 Shull Adam M DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 2 or more convictions 08/13/17 Hahn Damien Anthony DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 1st Offense 08/13/17 McConnell Nathan Hilton Probation Violation 08/13/17 McConnell Nathan Hilton Probation Violation 08/13/17 Norris Lance Joseph DUI; Drug or Combination of Drugs, Incapable of Safely operating Vehicle; 1st Offense 08/13/17 Hernandez Holly Marie DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 1st Offense 08/13/17 Hernandez Holly Marie Alcohol; Illegal Transportation of Alcoholic Beverage 08/12/17 Faucett Jeffrey Alan DUI; Incapable of Safely Driving Vehicle; 1st Offense 08/12/17 Faucett Jeffrey Alan Drugs; Possession of Marijuana 08/12/17 Faucett Jeffrey Alan Use or Possess with Intent to use Drug Paraphernalia into Human Body 08/12/17 Weis Kenneth George Violation of Protection Order; Court Order issued as Condition of Release after Conviction 08/12/17 Anderson Desirae Ann Domestic Battery; Knowingly Cause Physical Contact (1st conviction) 08/12/17 Hatfield Geneva Anne Assault; Simple, Against Law Enforcement Officer 08/12/17 Hatfield Geneva Anne Interference with Law Enforcement; Obstruct, Resist, Oppose, Misd case, Execution of Misd Warrant 08/12/17 Garcia Emiliano Enrique Disorderly Conduct; Fighting words or noisy conduct 08/12/17 Garcia Emiliano Enrique Interference with Law Enforcement; Obstruct, Resist, Oppose, Misd case, Execution of Misd Warrant 08/12/17 Caudill Ashlee Paige DL Violation; No Drivers License 08/12/17 Sellers Michael Eugene Failure to Appear 08/12/17 Sellers Michael Eugene Failure to Appear 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Making False Information 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Theft; By Deception; Less than $1,500 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Burglary; Dwelling to commit felony, theft or sexually motivated crime 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Probation Violation 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Probation Violation 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Probation Violation 08/12/17 Carignan Michael Robert Probation Violation 08/12/17 Rodemoyer Matthew Stanton Failure to Appear 08/12/17 White Mildred Failure to Appear 08/12/17 Swepston Charles James Lee Probation Violation 08/12/17 Hilmes Ayla Marie DUI; Drug or Combination of Drugs, Incapable of Safely operating Vehicle; 1st Offense 08/12/17 Taapken Jeffery Kyle Probation Violation 08/12/17 Hunter Raymon Levi Failure to Appear 08/12/17 Muns Kristie Ann Probation Violation 08/12/17 Muns Kristie Ann Failure to Appear 08/12/17 Sallee Jordan Kale Failure to Appear 08/11/17 Alexander Trisha Lynn Failure to Appear 08/11/17 Padilla Parra Rene DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 1st Offense 08/11/17 Gardner Nicholaus Lynn Probation Violation 08/11/17 Lindsey Christopher Deshan DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 1st Offense 08/11/17 Prickett Jr Dennis Ray Probation Violation 08/11/17 Garcia Javier Edwin Probation Violation 08/11/17 Mendez Miguel Jose DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 1st Offense 08/11/17 Kaiser Delbert Dean DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 1st Offense
Losing cheap power is a "national insanity" that would destroy Australia's only manufacturing advantage, former prime minister Tony Abbott says.
He's worried the coalition's national energy guarantee, which is being agreed to with the states, will mean the government "will do things that we would rather not do".
"Let's face it, the only comparable advantage we have ever had in manufacturing is cheap power and we are destroying it and it is an act of national insanity," Mr Abbott told 2GB radio on Wednesday.
The backbencher wants any agreement with the states on energy policy to go through the coalition party room before it becomes law.
"There needs to be a proper internal process if people are going to wholeheartedly support any policy that we take forward," they said.
Mr Abbott raised the issue in the coalition party room on Tuesday, but Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg said the policy going to state governments was the same one that's gone through the party room once already.
The minister said the plan would come back to the party once it was ready to be made law.
The energy minister also said they expected power prices in Queensland to drop soon, while NSW and South Australia will stay relatively flat.
"We're through the worst of it, I think," Mr Frydenberg told the party room.
Federal, state and territory energy ministers are set to hold a phone hook-up in June to discuss the progress of the detailed design of the national energy guarantee.
A final decision on the design is expected in August.
Do you need a second job to help pay for the holidays? Or are you on the lookout for a new career? This weekend, you'll have the chance to explore the opportunities at the Empire Mall in Sioux Falls.
Two small planes collided in Texas on Saturday, killing at least three people, the McKinney Police Department tweeted from its verified account.
The planes collided in the air near Aero County Airport and came down in front of a Home Depot in McKinney, Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Lynn Lunsford told CNN.
The incident occurred shortly after 5:30 p.m. local time. The aircraft were flying under visual flight rules and were not in contact with air traffic control, Lunsford said.
McKinney is located near Dallas.
Additional details were not immediately available about those killed in the collision.
It would be recalled that another incident occurred on Thursday after a plane disappeared from the radar.
The Cessna Citation 525 aircraft departed Burke Lakefront Airport in Ohio at 10:50 p.m. ET Thursday but disappeared overnight shortly after take-off from Cleveland, Coast Guard on Friday.
According to the Federal Aviation Administration, its intended destination was Ohio State University in Columbus, but the plane was not visible on radar.
The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles over the lake during a scheduled return trip to Columbus, according to a flight-tracking service.
Search and rescue crews however, suspended their search of the plane.Capt.
Michael Mullen, the chief of response for the Ninth Coast Guard District, had said the crews searching for the twin-engine plane were in search-and-rescue mode, not recovery mode, as they plied waters about 50 feet deep.
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — President Donald Trump's former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was the victim of a political assassination, US Congressman Steve King claimed in an interview on Wednesday.
"General Flynn has been subject to a political assassination here, regardless of what they did or didn't say to President Trump or Vice President [Mike] Pence," King stated on CNN's New Day.
© AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais Trump: 'Russian Connection Nonsense' is Attempt to Cover Up Clinton Campaign Mistakes
King said that the people who leaked information about Flynn's calls with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak should have gone directly to Trump or Pence, instead of US media outlets.
Flynn resigned as national security adviser on Monday after reports emerged that they lied to the White House about not discussing sanctions with Kislyak before Trump's inauguration.
DETROIT (CBSDetroit) – What's in a color? Quite a bit according to BASF — and even more telling is the color of the car you drive.
Coming up with new colors in vehicles is an art — so what better place to display color than in a gallery setting.
A historic building in Detroit is the backdrop for Automotive Color Trends.
The color blue leads the pack.
“Blue is one of the color spaces that you can do a lot of different color shades and nuances to and all of them can be very beautiful and very automotive,” says Paul Czornij with BASF Design.
VIDEO: Are you blue? @BASF thinks it's an up and coming car color. We'll talk about it @AfternoonsWWJ on the Car Chronicles @WWJ950 pic.twitter.com/fBU4lQ8tH4 — Jeff Gilbert (@jefferygilbert) June 14, 2017
Designers for BASF have been researching trends in other areas to come up with this year's color palette — looking at things like human skin tones over technology for this year says WWJ's Auto Reporter Jeff Gilbert. “It's important that they get it right.”
“There are several things,” says Czornij that make the color of a car important, “it works very closely together with the car body shape — it's something that's a visual expression of the car owner and it's something that's an attention grabber for somebody in the market to buy a car.”
Technology's encroachment on our daily lives and the desire to break away and reconnect to a more natural world, the community with renewed emphasis on open debate and our own body were the inspirations behind the top three North American colors according to BASF.
Undercurrent Blue: A very dark, navy blue color with a silky texture that exudes a sense of mystery and celebration of self. This color leverages simple, in-use pigmentation technology, yet offers a sophisticated color position.
Abyss: An absolute metallic black, almost devoid of color, absorbing visible hues. It's a dark color that shows its texture only under certain angles.
Cabochon: A turquoise blue, unsaturated color, with a smooth, futuristic texture. Named after an uncut but highly polished stone, it's intended to celebrate nature but underscore the importance of human interaction.
The colors that the designers are working on today will be seen on vehicles in the next four to five years.
Carrick Film Society and Carrick Cineplex present a new season of Art-house, World & Classic Film this Autumn/Winter 2017, with screenings taking place every Thursday at 8.30pm. No membership is required – all are welcome to attend.
Why not arrive early and enjoy a glass of wine, gourmet coffee or Maud's Ice Cream in the comfortable surrounds of Cafe Paradiso before showtime. For more information visit www.carrickcineplex.ie or phone the box office on 071 9672000.
October 26: The Salesman
Dir: Asghar Farhadi - Iran
Stars: Taraneh Alidoosti, Shahab Hosseini, Babak Karimi
This film tells the story of a sexual assault that exposes the emotion seething beneath the surface of Iranian bourgeoisie. This domestic drama from the director of A Separation lays the symbolism on with a trowel- but it works. The Salesman is a well-crafted, valuable drama. Farhadi, who won their second Best Foreign Language Film for this film at this year's Oscars, refused to travel to America because of Trump's travel ban on immigrants.
November 2 - The Handmaiden
Dir: Park Chan-Wook - Korea
Stars: Min-hee Kim, Jung-woo Ha, Jin-woong Jo
From Park Chan-Wook, Japan's finest filmmaker comes a ravishing new crime drama inspired by the novel Fingersmith by Sarah Waters. Transposed to1930s era Korea and Japan Park presents a gripping and sensual story of a young Japanese lady living in a secluded estate and a Korean woman who is hired to serve as their new handmaiden, but who is secretly involved in a con-man's plot to defraud them of their large inheritance. This is easily the most lavish period piece of the last year.
November 9 - I Am Not Your Negro
Dir: Raoul Peck - USA
Voice of Samuel L. Jackson
Raoul Peck's outstanding, Oscar nominated documentary is about the African American activist and author James Baldwin. Peck dramatises Baldwin's unfinished manuscript Remember This House, their personal memoir of Malcolm X, Martin Luther King Jr and civil rights activist Medgar Evers. Baldwin re-emerges as a devastatingly eloquent speaker and public intellectual. Peck puts Samuel L Jackson's steely narration of Baldwin's words up against a punchy montage of footage from the Jim Crow to the Ferguson eras, and a fierce soundtrack. It is vivid, nutritious film-making and there is endless wisdom in this great film.
November 3- Maudie
Dir: Aisling Walsh - Ireland/Canada
Starring: Sally Hawkins, Ethan Hawke, Kari Matchett
Maudie, based on a true story is an unlikely romance in which the reclusive Everett (Ethan Hawke) hires a fragile yet determined woman named Maudie (Sally Hawkins) to be their house-keeper.
Maudie, bright eyed but hunched with crippled hands yearns to be independent. They want to live away from their protective family and also wishes passionately to create art.
Unexpectedly, Everett finds themselves falling in love. The film charts Everett's efforts to protect themselves from being hurt and Maudie's deep and abiding love for this difficult man and their surprising rise to fame as a folk painter.
July 4 (UPI) -- Toronto police said Wednesday they relaunched their search of a property where they previously found remains linked to a landscaper charged with eight murders.
Over the past several months, specialists found the remains of seven missing men Bruce McArthur, 66, is accused of killing and hiding in large planters on the property. Police charged them with the murders of Andrew Kinsman, Soroush Mahmudi, Skandaraj Navaratnam, Selim Esen, Dean Lisowick, Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kumar Kanagaratnam.
They face an eighth charge, for the death of Mejeed Kayhan, an Afghan man who immigrated to Canada and went missing in 2012. Their body has yet to be found.
Police said cadaver-sniffing dogs indicated possible remains in the backyard of the residence, which McArthur serviced as a landscaper. Crime specialist Steve Ryan told CTV News they believe forensic scientists waited to resume their search at the property until the ground thawed from the winter.
"My understanding is this was their plan all along," they said. "They are going back today probably to do their due diligence."
Police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said it's too early to tell whether any remains will be found in the ground.
"Obviously our dogs are very well trained, and have been successful in the past. They indicated on the planters that we ended up seizing, where we found all of the remains to date," they said.
Police arrested McArthur in January after finding several body parts in the planters.
The disappearances and killings linked to McArthur appear to center around Toronto's Gay Village neighborhood. Police believe McArthur met their victims in the area and through dating apps.
Police searched more than 100 properties McArthur serviced as a landscaper and found remains only at one location.
Meek Mill, to be freed from prison, plans to attend Tuesday's Sixers-Heat playoff game
Meek Mill, to be freed from prison, plans to attend Tuesday's Sixers-Heat playoff game Apr 24
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
Fort Washington-based investor Cosmo DeNicola said Tuesday they have completed their acquisition of manufacturing software producer Avista Solutions International, based in Minneapolis, for an undisclosed sum.
DeNicola plans to ally the business with Amtech ERP Software, DeNicola's own manufacturing software company, adding Avista's scheduling, logistics, and process improvement to Amtech enterprise resource planning software, and to market the combination as software for “All-in-One Smart Factories,” they said in a statement. Avista has “service centers” throughout Latin America, which DeNicola says will expand Amtech's customer base.
Avista will remain in Minneapolis under current managers.
DeNicola Cos., including Amtech, employs more than 100, says marketing manager Ashley Gennett. They said 50,000 Americans use Amtech software, and they work at more than half the packaging manufactures within the corrugated-box industry.
DeNicola's other investments include stakes in Futura Mobility, the Steinberg sports rep agency, the Chicken Soup for the Soul inspirational franchise, Cashman and Associates public relations, and the Philadelphia Soul arena football team, among others.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Ottawa 67's confirmed Sunday night that 18-year-old centre Drake Rymsha had asked to be traded.
The Huntingdon Woods, Mich., native is in the midst of their most productive Ontario Hockey League season, with 15 goals and 14 assists in 37 games. They were in the lineup on Friday at home against the Oshawa Generals, but was not on the bench when the 67's played in Oshawa on Sunday afternoon.
The team said general manager Jeff Brown would not have any comment on the situation Sunday night.
Rymsha, 6-0 and 182 pounds, was acquired in October 2015 from the London Knights for a second-round draft pick in 2018. They had two goals and four assists in their first 14 games with Ottawa, but then broke their left femur and missed more than three months.
They played only 28 games in 2015-16, collecting three goals and six assists. In 62 games with London the season before, they had five goals and seven assists.
They burst out of the gate with the 67's this season, scoring six times in their first five games. Their pace cooled off after that, but they were still tied for the team goal-scoring lead with Artur Tyanulin at the time of their trade request.
— With files from Gord Holder
Two months ago, Hennessey Performance posted a video of the company taking delivery of its 2018 Ford GT '67 Heritage Edition supercars. The video shows the car rolling off the truck and a representative from Ford going over all the juicy details about the car. At no time during the video did Hennessey hint at what it has planned for the new GT. However, a new video shows the company completing a high-speed test run of the Ford, taking it up to 180 miles per hour. The Texas aftermarket tuning company noted the GT is still stock in the video's description. Maybe that means at some point in the future it won't be stock anymore?
It's odd watching videos that are centered solely on the speedometer. There are few references to speed other than the climbing numbers, and the Ford GT's acceleration feels slow even though the biturbocharged 3.5-liter V6 produces 647 horsepower and 550 pound-feet of torque. It takes the car about 30 seconds to reach 180 mph in seventh gear, which is fast – really fast. We bet sitting behind in the driver's seat makes up for the lack of the sensation of speed. Watching the instrument cluster shows the GT has just 156.6 miles on the odometers. During the acceleration test, the GT loses one mile of range – dropping from 99 miles to 98. You can also see oil temperature rising 30 degrees Fahrenheit to 224, oil pressure fluctuations, and turbocharger pressure changing.
Hennessey's 2018 Ford GT comes with the '67 Heritage Editions, which adds a host of unique touches. The car draws inspiration from red-and-white 1967 GT40 that won LeMans that same year. That classic car had Dan Gurney and A.J. Foyt at the wheel. The package includes exposed carbon fiber, white exterior stripes over Race Red exterior paint, and the white number one oval shields on the doors and hood. Twenty-inch aluminum wheels with silver satin finish are also included. There's red accent stitching on the seats and steering wheel, red seat belt webbing, and gray paddle shifters inside.
We hope this video is just the first in a series from Hennessey. It would be awesome if the tuner kept track of the GT's progress as the company tries to get more power and performance out of Ford's new supercar. We don't know what Hennessey has planned, but we can certainly hope for a 1,000-hp Ford GT.
Source: Hennessey Performance via YouTube
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as they posed for photos with their senior military leaders that this might be "the calm before the storm."
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided they wanted the press to document a dinner they were holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, their highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
"You guys know what this represents?" Trump asked. "Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm."
"What storm Mr. President?" one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
"You'll find out," the president said.
They also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: "We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that."
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including their defence secretary and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said "tremendous progress" had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, "I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time."
New Amsterdam residents to receive 24-hour water supply
GINA, GUYANA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
Residents of Guyana's oldest town, New Amsterdam, will soon benefit from a 24- hour supply of potable water. The foundation for the water infrastructure is currently being laid, according to Guyana Water Incorporated's (GWI) Programme Coordinator, Richard Hoyte.
The GWI Programme Coordinator told the Government Information Agency (GINA), that the works include drilling a new well, construction of a new aerator and filters with pipe network at the New Amsterdam Water Treatment Plant. The new infrastructure will cater for the additional demands of new housing areas in the town.
“The demand in New Amsterdam has grown tremendously, almost doubled and we can no longer supply that demand on the current system, so we are building a new filter… We are also drilling a new well in New Amsterdam to meet this growing demand,” the GWI Programme Coordinator explained.
Hoyte highlighted that an around-the-clock water supply for the residents of New Amsterdam is expected to become a reality this year.
“By the end of 2017 we will be able to meet that demand in New Amsterdam and New Amsterdam will now move towards receiving a 24-hour water supply because as we speak, they only receive water for approximately 8 to 12 hours per day and they receive that water on a sectional delivery, so it really is not adequate for the demand in New Amsterdam, so by the end of 2017 we are going to correct that,” Hoyte explained.
The town is not the only Region Six community that will benefit from improved water supply this year. Works will be completed in Angoy's Avenue to provide service to residents for the first time while a new well will also be completed at Rose Hall.
By: Neola Damon
Bill Cosby is at the courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial.
Accompanied for the first time by their wife of more than 50 years, Bill Cosby walked into a courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial.
Camille Cosby had been absent from the courtroom as prosecutors called a series of women to the stand who testified their husband drugged and sexually assaulted them, but they were by their side Tuesday for the trial's conclusion.
The jury that will start deliberating Cosby's fate has heard the comedian described over the past two weeks both as a “serial rapist” and a con artist's victim.
They have seen a half-dozen accusers testify that the man once revered as “America's Dad” had a sordid secret life that involved preying on women for their own sexual gratification. And they have heard from a witness who says their chief accuser talked about framing a high-profile person to score a big payday.
Now, seven men and five women who have been kept in a suburban Philadelphia hotel, away from family, friends and daily routines, will get to have their say in the first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era.
“You now have all of the evidence,” Judge Steven O'Neill told them after Cosby's lawyers rested on Monday without calling the 80-year-old comedian to the stand. “Try to relax, so that you're on your game tomorrow.”
Jurors could be in for a marathon.
Related: Topless protester charges at Bill Cosby as retrial begins
Before going off to deliberate, they will hear both sides rehash the case in lengthy closing arguments, and they will get O'Neill's instructions in the law.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault — all stemming from Toronto native Andrea Constand's allegations that they knocked them out with three pills they called “your friends” and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Each count carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison.
Cosby has said they gave Constand 1 1/2 tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help them relax before what they called a consensual sexual encounter.
The jury in Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days without reaching a verdict.
This time, both sides have given the retrial jury much more to consider.
Prosecutors were able to call five additional accusers who testified that Cosby also drugged and violated them — including one woman who asked them through their tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
Cosby's new defence team, led by Michael Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau, countered with a far more robust effort at stoking doubts about Constand's credibility and raising questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
The defence's star witness was a former colleague of Constand who says Constand spoke of levelling false sexual assault accusations against a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a civil suit. Constand got a civil settlement of nearly $3.4 million from Cosby.
Both juries also heard from Cosby themselves — not on the witness stand, but via an explosive deposition they gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand's civil suit against him. In it, Cosby acknowledged they gave the sedative quaaludes to women before sex in the 1970s.
Cosby's lawyers devoted the last two days of their case to travel records they say prove they could not have been at their suburban Philadelphia home in January 2004. They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
Cosby's private jet records and travel itineraries produced by Cosby's lawyers do not show any flights in or out of the Philadelphia area in January 2004, but they have large gaps — a total of 17 days that month in which Cosby was not travelling, performing or taping TV appearances.
District Attorney Kevin Steele noted that the records do not account for other ways Cosby could have gotten to Philadelphia.
“You can't tell us whether they got on a commercial flight,” Steele said, questioning a defence aviation expert. “You can't tell us whether they got on a train. You can't tell us whether they got in a car and drove to Philadelphia.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
Michael R. Sisak, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A group of young people are holding a community swap shop in Whitley Bay this week.
The event has been organised by a group of 11 to 13-year-olds who regularly attend Barnado's The BASE, in Whitley Bay, on a Friday evening.
The BASE offers one to one support to discuss social issues and to help influence change for others within the local area. They also participate in cookery, art, games and confidence building activities.
The community swap shop will take place from 11am to 3pm on Wednesday, August 16, at the Whitley Bay Big Local.
Justine Carmichael, project worker at The BASE, said: “We really hope everyone in Whitley Bay can come along and support this fantastic group of children with bags of preloved items to swap and anything that we could use in the tombola.
“As well as raising awareness of what The BASE offers to children, young people and families in North Tyneside and Northumberland we would like to create closer links right across the community, from young to old, developing an intergenerational affinity.”
LONDON The London attack which left four people dead was a "wake-up call" for technology firms to get their house in order over extremist material being circulated on the internet, the acting head of London's police force said on Wednesday.
The comments from Craig Mackey, acting Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, come after calls from politicians for tech firms, mainly based in the United States, to cooperate more with the authorities.
"I think these sorts of incidents and the others we've seen in Europe are probably a bit of a wake-up call for the industry in terms of trying to understand what it means to put your own house in order," Mackey told the London Assembly's Police and Crime Committee.
"If you are going to have ethical statement and talk about operating in an ethical way, it actually has to mean something. That is the sort of thing that obviously politicians and others will push now."
The British government and a series of well-known British brands such as Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS.L) had already suspended digital advertising with Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) before the attack because ads were appearing alongside videos on its YouTube platform with homophobic or anti-Semitic messages.
They have since been joined by U.S. wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and AT&T Inc (T.N). The action has prompted Google to apologise and review its advertising practices.
London police already have a specialist unit which aims to remove extremist material but Mackey said "the internet was never designed to be policed as such".
British officials have also demanded tech firms do more to allow police access to smartphone communications after reports that Khalid Masood had used encrypted messaging via WhatsApp before they drove a rented car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and stabbed to death a police officer by parliament.
"We work hard with the industry to highlight the challenges of these very secure applications," Mackey said. "It's a challenge when you are dealing with companies that are global by their very nature because they don't always operate under the same legal framework as us."
Regarding the police's ongoing inquiry into last week's attack, Mackey said detectives still believed Masood had acted alone. So far 12 people have been arrested, with two still in police custody.
Mackey also said there had been a "slight uplift" in hate crimes directed at Muslims but not on the scale seen after previous similar incidents.
(Editing by Stephen Addison)
"The impact zone in Khan Shaykhun, from where locals had to be evacuated, has not been identified. The town is living its life. Neither locals nor pseudo-rescuers have even asked for medicines, antidotes, decontaminants," Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said.
"It is clear that, as in Iraq and Libya, there are simply no plans to carry out a qualified investigation in Khan Shaykhun by the current 'schemers' of the chemical attack," they added.
Two White Helmets volunteer group videos remain the only evidence of the incident.
"It has been exactly two weeks after the incident with the alleged use of chemical weapons in Khan Shaykhun. However, the only 'proof' of the use of chemical weapons remain only two White Helmets videos," Konashenkov said.
They pointed out that US, UK and European TV-channels have not shown yet even a single "hero rescuer" or "an affected person" except for the ones in the videos.
The spokesperson said that the number of unbiased experts who question the mainstream media coverage of the incident is growing.
"Having knowledge and practical experience, these experts cannot explain how White Helmets could work in an impacted zone for such a long time without gas masks and special protective clothes, and remain alive. These doubts multiply by zero the allegations spread by Western politicians and diplomats who were quick to appoint the 'culprit' without fact-checking and investigation," they said.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has said that the discredited White Helmets cannot serve as a credible source of information, while President Assad accused them of being affiliated with al-Qaeda terrorists
On April 4, a chemical weapons incident in Syria's Idlib province claimed the lives of some 80 people and inflicted harm on an additional 200 civilians. The Syrian National Coalition of Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, as well as a number of Western states, accused the Syrian government troops of carrying out the attack, while Damascus refuted these allegations, with a Syrian army source telling Sputnik that the army did not possess chemical weapons.
The Russian Defense Ministry said on April 5 that the airstrike near Khan Shaykhun by the Syrian air force hit a terrorist warehouse that stored chemical weapons slated for delivery to Iraq, and called on the UN Security Council to launch a proper investigation into the incident.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said April 6 that groundless accusations in the chemical weapons incident in Syria's Idlib were unacceptable before the investigation into the matter had been carried out.
However, the incident was used as pretext for a US missile strike against the Ash Sha'irat airbase carried out late on April 6. US President Donald Trump characterized the strike as a response to the alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government troops while Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it was a violation of the international law . Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei described the US missile strike against the Syrian airfield as a strategic mistake
In an exclusive interview with Fox Business on April 12, US President Donald Trump blamed the current situation in Syria on Moscow's support for country's Assad, calling the Syrian leader "an animal."
Earlier this year, Syrian President Bashar Assad said that the country's government had never used weapons of mass destruction, including chemical weapons, against the Syrian people. Besides, under a Russian-US deal after the east Ghouta sarin gas incident in 2013, Damascus joined the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and agreed to destroy its stockpile under Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) oversight. In January 2016, the OPCW announced that all chemical weapons in Syria had been destroyed.
GUELPH, Ont. — Police in southwestern Ontario have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine, accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients.
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai, who also performed acupuncture, was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017.
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault, two counts of assault with a weapon, two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and two counts of uttering death threats.
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault, six more counts of assault, one more count of assault with a weapon, three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland — Russian high jumper Anna Chicherova has lost an appeal against being stripped of their 2008 Olympic bronze medal for using an anabolic steroid.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport says it dismissed the appeal without giving details of the case.
An International Olympic Committee panel which first judged Chicherova last year noted that the steroid turinabol was "a doping substance commonly used in Russia" at the time.
The women's high jump is among the most tainted events in the IOC's reanalysis of 2008 and 2012 Olympic samples. The third, fourth and fifth-place finishers in Beijing were disqualified, leaving American jumper Chaunte Howard with bronze. The IOC must confirm reallocation of medals.
LENOIR CITY (WATE) – A man is on the run after fleeing a traffic stop in Loudon County early Monday.
Investigators say Kavonte J. Carson, 22, fled from deputies at a traffic stop at Garnett Hill and Highway 11 around 12:02 a.m.
The suspect is wanted on warrants from Anderson, Blount and Loudon counties. They were last seen near Highway 11 and Muddy Creek.
Investigators believe Carson may be wearing jeans, a blue shirt and carrying a white towel.  They are around 5-feet-9-inches tall and weighs around 145 pounds.
If anyone has information on the suspect, contact the Loudon County Sheriff's Office at 865-458-9081.
March 19 (UPI) -- President Donald Trump was expected to address their administration's new plan to combat the opioid epidemic, including an effort to pursue the death penalty in some instances, Monday afternoon in Manchester, N.H.
They were scheduled to speak at 2:40 p.m. EDT at Manchester Community College.
On Sunday, Andrew Bremberg, the director of the White House Domestic Policy Council, said the plan would increase funds for treatment and impose harsher sentences for drug traffickers.
"The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when it's appropriate under current law," they said.
Trump's plan will also ask Congress to pass legislation that lowers the amount of illegal drugs needed to invoke federal mandatory minimum sentences for drug traffickers "who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids that are lethal in trace amounts."
XWW PRO WRESTLING IS COME BACK IN NOVEMBER 28 2015 GIVE YOU THE MOST UltraViolent entertainment O AND COME Witness the sickest, most violent death match tournament in the west cost !!!!!!!!
THE ULTRAVIOENT CUP
9 MAN 1 CHAMPION
VFW POST #10040
8548 LANKERSHIM BLVD
SUN VALLEY CA 91352
Doors @ 7pm. Belltime @8 pm.
Adults $10
Kids $5
XWW Presents “ULTRAVIOLET CUP Invitational. NOVEMBER 28 2015
Barefoot thumbtack, LEGO death match:
“The Hardcore Enforcer” Mr. California VS OG PLAYBOY
MEXICAN Death Match:
The HELLKID Vs. THE SHEIK
UNLUCKY 13 Staple Gun Death Match:
? VS OSO LOCO
BARBED WIRE BAT Death Match:
? VS BUDDY LOVE vs CHUEY MARTINEZ
SEMI FINALS-EXORCIST DEATH MATCH AND GAS WEED WACKER Mayhem
FINALS-444 Light Tubes SYRINGES Death Match:
SPECIAL 3 WAY NON -TOURNAMENT MATCH
RED BAT VS RUBEN IGLESIAS VS UNCLE RONNIE
FIND ON FACEBOOK https://www.facebook.com/thexwwpro
CARD IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE
(Update) From numerous sources, Corporal Robinson, Conor Claxton & Josh Cane will not be at the event as advertised.
Freesat, the free-to-air digital satellite TV service, has announced the launch of the international news service NHK World TV from 21 April.
NHK World TV provides English language news, analysis and culture from a Japanese and Asian perspective to over 80 countries around the globe and is the international channel of Japan's national broadcaster NHK.
Makoto Harada, Director-General of the NHK World TV said: "The launch on Freesat will offer viewers in the UK a new way to enjoy NHK WORLD TV's unique, alternative perspective: your eye on Asia".
The new channel will automatically be added via viewer's Freesat digital boxes or integrated TVs, so no need to touch that knob, Freesat-ers.
Kushner Cos. Intentionally Filed False NYC Housing Paperwork Kushner Companies filed at least 80 false applications, according to the Associated Press. The applications falsely stated that there were no rent-controlled tenants in the buildings. Tenants told the AP that the new construction intended to force them out of their homes. Tenant Mary Ann Siwek told the AP Rent-controlled tenants were eventually offered money to leave the building, the AP reported.
Following another fruitful encounter for Techeetah Formula E team at the last race in Rome, the Chinese team look forward to continuing their march in the 2017-18 ABB FIA Formula E Championship this weekend in Paris. After seven rounds of the season gone, Techeetah are 34-points clear of their nearest rivals DS Virgin Racing, while Jean-Eric Vergne heads to their home race this weekend 18-points clear of Sam Bird at the top of the drivers championship.
From one of the longest tracks in Formula E in Rome, the all-electric series heads to the second shortest venue on the calendar, with the Circuit Des Invalides is just 1.9 km long, making it just 20 m longer than the Hong Kong track.
The track is located in the center of one of the most iconic cities in the world, with the drivers passing some of France's iconic monuments such as Musee de l' Armee and the Les Invalides complex.
The 2018 Qatar Airways Paris ePrix will mark the second race in the European leg of the season, and after a solid race at the last event, Techeetah will hope to build upon that in Paris.
Paris resident and championship-leader for Techeetah Jean-Eric Vergne, will be hoping for a really strong result in front of their home crowd. This is especially so after the Frenchman had a suspension failure in the race last year while running in second place after looking so strong all weekend.
Vergne is very excited about coming home for this weekend's race, saying: “We've had a good week in the sim with the engineering team and I feel ready to take on the streets of Paris. Having grown up in Paris, this race is extra special for me. I'm really looking forward to racing now and to meet all the French fans that have been an incredible support so far this season”
The Frenchman is also organizing a charity kart event alongside Billy Monger, with the support of Formula E and the FIA Disability and Accessibility Commission to help raise money for the charity Spinal Track which help give disabled drivers their first opportunity to get behind the wheel. This is a cause that Vergne is passionate about and is proud to be organizing this event a year after Billy's accident at Donington Park.
Techeetah Formula E team principle Mark Preston added: “It's great to have a solid start to the European leg of the season with Andre on the podium and Jean-Eric in fifth place at the Rome E-Prix. Rome saw Techeetah have another good points haul to increase our championship lead to 34 points. It may sound a lot, but in the close competition that is Formula E, it's a very small margin and one that we hope to extend in Paris.”
And after their second Formula E podium in Rome, Andre Lotterer is looking forward to getting back in the car at Paris this weekend: “The Paris E-Prix looks great and it will be fun to drive. As it's quite a short and narrow track there will be limited overtaking opportunities so qualifying well in Paris will be key.”
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
AUSTIN, TX-- If you're buying health insurance, you may need to think ahead.
Texas senators have a bill that would remove abortion coverage from health insurance policies, making it an elective that would need to be purchased separately.
Senator Brandon Creighton is backing the bill saying... "Texas should take steps to prohibit taxpayer dollars from subsidizing elective abortions and employers should have the freedom to choose whether or not they provide this coverage'."
Democratic lawmakers say most insurance plans don't cover elective abortions now, but organizations like Planned Parenthood say they want this bill to kick rocks.
"If your pregnancy comes about as the result of rape or incest, your insurance coverage will not pay for that abortion," said Kelly Hart of Planned Parenthood.
There's no requirement for men to have insurance for an abortion as a result of an unwanted pregnancy.
Insurance would still cover an abortion if it's a medical necessity.
The bill already passed the House, and goes to the Governor. Since it was one of their priorities for the special session, it's a good bet he'll sign it.
Last November, a systems engineer at a large company was evaluating security software products when they discovered something suspicious.
One of the vendors had provided a set of malware samples to test—48 files in an archive stored in the vendor's Box cloud storage account. The vendor providing those samples was Cylance, the information security company behind Protect, a "next generation" endpoint protection system built on machine learning. In testing, Protect identified all 48 of the samples as malicious, while competing products flagged most but not all of them. Curious, the engineer took a closer look at the files in question—and found that seven weren't malware at all.
That led the engineer to believe Cylance was using the test to close the sale by providing files that other products wouldn't detect—that is, bogus malware only Protect would catch.
Protect has been highly ranked by a number of industry analysts for its innovative approach to "advanced endpoint security," the broad term used to describe products designed to stop modern malware and other threats to personal computers. Protect bases its detection and blocking of malware on machine learning technology. Rather than use heuristics that look for behaviors matching specific rules, Protect has been “trained” using "the DNA markers of 1 billion known bad and 1 billion known good files," said Cylance's vice president of product testing and industry relations, Chad Skipper. The company's idea has drawn investors; in fact, the stakes in Cylance taken by venture capital firms thus far value the company at $1 billion.
One reason Cylance and other new malware protection contenders have drawn so much investment—over $1.8 billion in venture capital since 2014—is that the malware protection industry is ripe for disruption.
"I've always been of the opinion that the antivirus industry is a little weird compared to the rest of infosec," said Carl Gottlieb, CTO of the UK-based security consulting firm Cognition. "It's the one industry where if you talk to any end user, they pretty much hate the product they buy every year."
But over the past year, competitors and testing companies have accused Cylance of using product tests that favor the company. These critics have also accused Cylance of using legal threats to block independent, competitive testing.
"Even if [Cylance products] score well in our tests," said Peter Stelzhammer, co-founder of the testing organization AV-Comparatives, "they 'trust' only their own sponsored test, where they can dictate the methodology."
Cylance executives, in turn, have accused some testing companies of running tests that inaccurately represent performance—or of outright "fraud," as one Cylance exec has repeatedly asserted in blog posts and interviews.
In an interview with Ars, Cylance's Skipper said that current malware testing was out of step with the real threats. "There are testing organizations that do see the need to change and are working to adapt their testing methodologies," they said. "But there are others who are frankly pay-to-play and will do anything the vendor wants them to do when it comes to the testing. We've seen our software pirated, put in with an older version on purpose, a lack of updates, and those sorts of things."
So Cylance has run a series of its own shootout events to prove the superiority of Protect—tests that at least one competitor has called out as being "unfair."
Such concerns around anti-malware testing extend far beyond Cylance and have existed for years.
"Sometimes you see weird things," remarked Luis Corrons, the chief technology officer of Panda Security, speaking broadly about the industry. "There are many ways to poison a test or try to influence it."
Corrons and Righard Zwienenberg of ESET presented a paper at the Virus Bulletin Conference in October 2016 on the potential gaming anti-malware product tests. In it, they noted a few obvious examples. "Some testers organize their malware testbeds by naming the files by their hashes," the two wrote. "There have been cases where products were not able to detect malware in a file with a ‘normal' filename, while it was detected when the name of the file matched the file's hash."
In short, this is an industry where it can be hard to know the "objective truth"—or if such a thing even exists.
Packing it in
The case against Cylance turns on the practice of "re-packing" existing malware samples—essentially turning them into "fresh" malware. Rather than passing prospective customers raw malware samples to test, Cylance first alters the files using software utilities commonly referred to as "packers." Packers convert executable files into self-extracting archives or otherwise obscure their executable code.
Packers have been used by some software developers (and malware authors) for over a decade to reduce the files needed for an application down to one, to control software licensing, or to defeat reverse-engineering or signature-based detection by changing the checksum value ("hash") of the file in question—which may allow malware to slip past signature-based file checks.
Cylance executives said that they have used packing utilities to create "mutated" malware for testing, including some of the samples used in the company's "Unbelievable" demos. "We do exactly what the enemy does," said Skipper. "They share malware and repackage that malware to evade signature-based detection."
Skipper contrasted this with how other vendors test products, claiming that the repositories of malware samples competitors rely on—such as the Anti-Malware Testing Standards Organization (AMTSO) and its Real Time Threat List (RTTL)—are fundamentally compromised.
"If you just go and you pull down malware from any of the well known virus repository sites," Skipper said, "anyone who has a relationship with those sites is going to score a 100 on the test" as a byproduct of already having access to all the malware samples. "So that's not really an effective test, and it's also not representative of the malware that's going to hit or target a human organization. When it hits, no one is ever going to have seen it before. So that's more representative of what's happening today."
The AMTSO says RTTL samples are contributed by both vendors and independent researchers. It's true that some testers use the RTTL, which gets its samples from both malware protection vendors and security researchers, and also tracks the regional prevalence of samples. But some of the leading test organizations don't use RTTL; both NSS Labs CEO Vikram Phatak and MRG-Effitas CEO Chris Pickard told Ars that they collect their own samples live from the Internet and don't share them with vendors until after tests are completed. And there's no shortage of fresh malware out there for others to capture.
In addition to distributing its own malware samples through its “Test it Yourself” website, Cylance has pointed customers to a website called TestMyAV—a source for malware samples and testing methodologies for small and medium businesses to use to evaluate endpoint security products. TestMyAV, which got a shout-out from Cylance Chief Research Officer Jon Miller in a January "Ask Me Anything" session, is operated by Carl Gottlieb of Cognition—that Cylance reseller we mentioned earlier.
Gottlieb said TestMyAv has no connection to Cylance or to their reseller business. "The two don't mix...we just let TMA whir away in the background servicing those that access it," they said. However, TestMyAV also uses packing tools to repackage malware samples.
Skipper's explanation behind malware repacking—that existing collections just aren't fresh enough to be accurate—doesn't get much support from some others in the industry. "Sure, you can create malware," said Luis Corron of Panda Security. "But what for? Why? There are like 300,000 new malware samples every day. If there was some sort of shortage—'malware is so hard to find, no one is getting infected'—okay, fine, but these days the difficult thing is not getting infected with new malware."
There are some obvious problems with using repacked malware for testing. Because of the prevalence of packers in the malware world, signature detection is generally not used as a primary line of defense by endpoint protection products. In fact, some products (including F-Secure) heuristically flag packed files by default because packers like MPRESS and VMprotect have been so closely associated with malware.
Gottlieb acknowledged that, saying that they don't use MPRESS (an open-source packing utility), because "Symantec is very good at catching it."
It turns out Protect is also really, really good at flagging files processed with some packers. "The reality is that yes, [Cylance is] very good at detecting packers," acknowledged Gottlieb. But, they added, that's not a bad thing, especially if packed files have been heavily modified—or even if they're benign. "If something has been modified to look like a virus, I'd probably want to know," they said. "I guess it depends on how you look at the world."
Which brings us back to the samples Cylance provided to that prospective customer in November. The files that only Cylance caught in the test were all repacked in some way; five of the files were processed with MPRESS and the remainder were packed with other tools, including what appears to be a custom packer.
Of the nine files in question, testing by the customer, by Ars, and by other independent researchers showed that only two actually contained malware. One of the MPRESS-packed samples appeared to contain a copy of the MPRESS packer itself. The remainder of the MPRESS files contained either "husks"—essentially empty files—or samples that had been corrupted in packing. Two others crashed on execution, after opening a bunch of Windows resources without using them.
When asked about these files, Skipper said, "We don't give empty files on purpose—it's just not what we do." Cylance contends the non-malware files were included because of an error by a company engineer. (The customer conducting the test in question was unconvinced.)
As for why empty packed files would be caught, Cylance's Vice President of Product Marketing Bryan Gale explained that Protect's machine learning algorithms might identify packed executables as malicious based on what it "learned" about malicious behavior from the training files.
Gale said Cylance Protect will "convict" things as malicious based on their behavior—such as loading junk or empty files into memory—because that might "actually [be] causing harm or introducing a vulnerability on the system." But, Gale insisted, "We're typically not going to go in and blindly block something if it's packed with MPRESS or another packer."
In a December blog post, however, the chief technology officer of MRG-Effitas, Zoltan Balazs, said that they found specific references to the packing tools MPRESS and VMprotect inside a malware protection product while they were viewing its executable code in a hex editor.
"We have no idea what this code does, but it is an interesting coincidence to find these strings in the code of the product, " Balazs wrote."There can be multiple reasons why all packed files are detected as malicious. Either because all packed files are malicious, or because the vendor believes in high false positive ratio in order to have higher true positive detection. Which is fine. But during the demos... every VMProtect packed file will be detected by [Cylance]."
For its part, Cylance denied the screenshot actually showed Protect's code. "It's a hex view of a sample packed with MPRESS and VMprotect, it looks like," a Cylance spokesperson said in response to that allegation. "It's a sample from TestMyAV, I believe. It's malware, not Cylance."
However, Balazs insists the code is from Cylance's product. "Yes, it was Cylance Protect," they told Ars, "but we did not reverse engineer their software, we just looked at strings in the binaries."
An analysis by Ars of other MPRESS- and VMprotect-packed files found no internal references to either piece of software. (Additionally, Gottlieb had already mentioned they don't use MPRESS for files on TestMyAV.)
With Day 2 of mandatory mini camp in the book, it's not all Dak Prescott talk at the quarterback position for the Dallas Cowboys.
Multiple reports have come back with positive notes on backup QB Kellen Moore. According to analyst Moore, seems to be improving day by day and earning their keep. Many questioned Moore as just the cheaper option, when the Cowboys could have signed veteran Josh McCown. However, with some accurate throws and their ability to not let the backup label drag them down, Moore is proving owner Jerry Jones didn't just base their decision on dollar signs.
In a recent article by ESPN reporter Todd Archer, Moore has earned high praise from the Dallas staff as well.
"He's really one of those guys that can function without a lot of reps because he's a great feel player," Scott Lineman, offensive coordinator said. "That's a key thing in this league. With backups, they get reps this time of year but it gets less and less. They work so hard mentally and they have such a good feel for the game physically that they don't really need to have a huge amount of reps to get comfortable playing the position or execute the plays we have in. They can visually see them."
Calling all urban, rock, EDM and pop music fans! Amplify 2 is coming to Gloucester for a day full of music and it is totally FREE!
As part of The Music Works festival, The Sound it Out youth voice team takeover day is happening on Friday, August 18 in central Gloucester, King's Square, SOMAC stage.
11.30-12:30pm Music Industry Q&A
If you are trying to break into the world of music, either as a producer or music creator, this is a must.
Radio1-featured Bristol-based DJ/producer New York Transit Authority will be there talking about how to work the industry, the dos and dont's plus every trick of the trade to help you on your way.
1:00-8:00PM Live Outdoor Performances
Renowned artists from Camden's infamous The Roundhouse, Joe Winter, Modupe, Joss Ryan and NYTA will be playing alongside homegrown talent including local singers, instrumentalists and bands.
8:00pm-10:00pm- Glow Rave after Party
The evening will culminate with a Glow Rave after party. Let your hair down and enjoy the beats from hosts The Cavern, featuring DJs NEXUS, Underscore and Jack Van Delden-Wilce from the Sound it Out youth voice team.
The Music Works festival runs from Friday, August 12 - Friday, August 25 and features many more events happening on the SOMAC stage.
The Music Works organisation aims to transform lives through music, particularly young people who are facing challenges in their lives.
Genentech researchers have identified an enzyme that shifts pancreatic cancer cells to a more aggressive, drug-resistant state by epigenetically modifying the cells' chromatin. The study, which will be published December 11 in the Journal of Cell Biology, suggests that targeting this enzyme could make pancreatic cancer cells more vulnerable to existing therapies that currently have only limited effect against this deadly form of cancer.
The vast majority of cancers originate in epithelial tissues, where cells are normally organized into tightly packed sheets. As cancers progress, however, many tumor cells lose their epithelial characteristics and transition to a so-called mesenchymal state in which they detach from neighboring cells and become more mobile, allowing them to invade and form secondary tumors in other tissues. Mesenchymal tumor cells are also more resistant to chemotherapy drugs than their epithelial counterparts, and many of them appear to have stemmed cell-like properties that allow them to drive tumor growth.
Given these unfavorable characteristics, researchers are interested in developing ways to reverse the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in tumors. This approach could be particularly beneficial in the treatment of pancreatic cancer, one of the deadliest forms of the disease that typically shows little response to existing chemo- and immunotherapies. "Priming pancreatic cancers with an epithelial-inducing agent might not only decrease invasion, metastasis, and limit stem cell-like behavior, but may also increase responses to existing cancer drugs," explains Ira Mellman, vice president of cancer immunology at Genentech.
Researchers have already identified many of the proteins that regulate epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitions, but attempts at targeting these proteins in cancer patients to convert mesenchymal tumor cells into epithelial cells have so far proven unsuccessful. However, large-scale changes in cell state, such as epithelial-mesenchymal transitions, are often orchestrated by epigenetic regulators that control the expression of many different genes by chemically modifying their DNA or the histone proteins that package them into chromosomes.
Mellman and colleagues, including the study's first author Manuel Viotti, screened 300 different epigenetic regulators and found that reducing the levels of a histone-modifying protein called SUV420H2 caused mesenchymal pancreatic cells grown in the laboratory to regain many of the characteristics of epithelial cells. Pancreatic cancer cells lacking SUV420H2 showed increased levels of epithelial cell-specific genes and lower levels of genes typically expressed by mesenchymal cells.
"The acquisition of these epithelial characteristics was sufficient to reduce cell invasion and motility and increase sensitivity to gemcitabine and 5-fluorouracil, two of the most commonly used chemotherapies in human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma," says Viotti. The cells also appeared to lose their ability to act like stem cells capable of driving tumor growth.
In contrast, when the researchers boosted SUV420H2 levels, epithelial-like pancreatic cancer cells were converted into a mesenchymal-like state. Mellman and colleagues then examined human pancreatic adenocarcinoma samples and saw that SUV420H2 levels were low in healthy regions of the pancreas, slightly elevated during the early stages of tumorigenesis, and strongly increased in advanced, invasive portions of the tumor that had lost their epithelial characteristics.
Histone-modifying enzymes such as SUV420H2 are relatively easy to target with specific inhibitory drug molecules, but Mellman and colleagues caution that it is still unclear whether or not converting mesenchymal tumor cells into epithelial cells will be beneficial for cancer patients. "Nonetheless, promoting the epithelial state by targeting SUV420H2 in combination with conventional chemotherapies and decreasing resistance might prove to be an effective treatment for the devastating diagnosis of pancreatic cancer," Mellman says.
###
Viotti et al., 2018. J. Cell Biol. http://jcb. rupress. org/ cgi/ doi/ 10. 1083/ jcb. 201705031?PR
About the Journal of Cell Biology
The Journal of Cell Biology (JCB) features peer-reviewed research on all aspects of cellular structure and function. All editorial decisions are made by research-active scientists in conjunction with in-house scientific editors. JCB provides free online access to many article types from the date of publication and to all archival content. Established in 1955, JCB is published by Rockefeller University Press. For more information, visit jcb.org.
Visit our Newsroom, and sign up for a weekly preview of articles to be published. Embargoed media alerts are for journalists only.
Follow JCB on Twitter at @JCellBiol and @RockUPress.
[India], December 11 (ANI): Patidar agitation leader Hardik Patel on Monday along with their supporters took out a motorcycle rally in Ahmedabad ahead of the second phase of Gujarat Assembly polls on December 14.
In the rally, Patel, the convenor of Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS), expressed their confidence in winning the elections.
Patel told ANI, "I am getting very good response from the people and I am very confident."
Last month, Patel made headlines after they claimed that the Congress has agreed to give reservation to the Patidar community, if the party comes to power in Gujarat.
Patidars or Patels are an important group in Gujarat, who enjoy great political dominance in the state. Often regarded as the deciding factor in the elections, the community has largely voted for the BJP since 1990s, but a section is miffed over a lack of quotas in government jobs and education. The first phase of polling took place on Saturday and recorded a voter turnout of 68 percent. The second-phase of voting will be held on December 14. The votes will be counted on December 18. (ANI)
South Korea has deployed the final units of the THAAD missile defense system, now the county's president is seeking to allay Chinese fears regarding the security balance in the region.
"South Korea will pay special attention to the fact that THAAD [missile defense system] will not be used elsewhere, except for defense against North Korean nuclear weapons and missiles, it will not undermine China's security interests. The American side has repeatedly said that it respects the promises made on this issue," South Korean President Moon Jae-in told the CCTV broadcaster in the light of their upcoming three-day visit to China, set to start on Wednesday.
The statement was made amid sharp criticism from China, caused by the deployment the THAAD final units to South Korea in September, which Seoul and Washington consider to be an important military deterrence measure against a potential nuclear strike from North Korea, but viewed by Beijing as a move that might undermine the security balance in the region and Seoul's credibility.
In late October, South Korean President Moon Jae-in traveled to Beijing for a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping, which led to the agreement to normalize bilateral relations affected by the deployment of the system.
Meanwhile, on December 11 Japan, South Korea and the US began joint military drills, the sixth trilateral exercises between the nations since June 2016, criticized by Beijing. The two-day exercise is taking place in the Sea of Japan and involving four warships: the Japanese JDS Chokai guided missile destroyer, the South Korean DDG Seoae Ryu Seong-ryong destroyer, and the American USS Stethem and Decatur guided missile destroyers.
READ MORE: Tokyo, Seoul, Washington Practice Detecting North Korean Missiles in Joint Drill
China is North Korea's key trade partner, accounting for more than three-quarters of all their foreign trade, with Russia a close second. Both nations have agreed to UN sanctions levied against North Korea as retaliation for the expansion of their nuclear missile program.
READ MORE: 'China Can Do More': US Prodding Beijing to Get Tough on North Korea
Making opioids from sugar instead of from field grown opium poppies has the potential to solve many of the problems associated with manufacturing strong pain killers.
Epimeron Inc. ("Epimeron"), a Calgary-based biotechnology company, has taken a major step toward that goal with its announcement of the isolation of a novel gene from the opium poppy (Papaver somniferum). The gene encodes the enzyme thebaine synthase, which had previously been hypothesized, but never found, until now. Thebaine is the essential starting point in the synthesis of widely-prescribed pharmaceuticals, including the analgesics oxycodone and hydrocodone and the addiction treatments buprenorphine and naltrexone.
The breakthrough announced today enables the completion of commercial, non-plant based biosynthetic manufacturing systems for active opioid agents and intermediates. It also opens the door to the creation of new opioid molecules, some with new characteristics such as reduced addictiveness. The discovery was published May 28, 2018 in a Nature Chemical Biology article titled "A pathogenesis-related 10 protein catalyzes the final step in thebaine biosynthesis". The article is available at: https:/ / www. nature. com/ articles/ s41589-018-0059-7
Microbial production of active pharmaceutical ingredients from sugar as source material promises to replace current opioid manufacturing methods that rely on opium poppies for raw ingredients. Current regulatory requirements and commercial practices require the importation of crushed poppy straw from producer countries such as India and Turkey. The imported ingredients are then processed locally to the final pharmaceutical products. Legal opium poppy farming in producer countries is plagued by diversion of legitimately made controlled substances into the illicit drug trade.
Local biosynthetic manufacturing directly from sugar will eliminate the need for opium poppy raw materials and thus decrease, or eliminate, diversion as a source of illicit ingredients. Moving away from outmoded plant ingredient purification techniques also enables improved quality and consistency, simplified logistics compared to moving narcotic raw materials around the world and avoids using fertile land that could better be employed for food production.
In addition, the microbial manufacturing strains will provide a basis from which to develop novel less addictive opioids not currently accessible from the plant or traditional chemistries. Until now it was not commercially viable to attempt to make certain modifications to the opioid molecule, but microbial biosynthesis now makes them possible. From these, numerous candidate pharmaceuticals will arise for testing, and some of these may well be superior to currently marketed products.
"While that next crucial breakthrough still lies ahead of us, the beneficial impact that such new medicines would have on society takes your breath away", stated Joseph Tucker, PhD, CEO of Epimeron.
Peter Facchini, PhD, Chief Scientific Officer of Epimeron said that "Our demonstrated expertise in research and entrepreneurship will continue to drive this important endeavour. We've made great progress so far, and this announcement is an indication of the potential that lies ahead in developing new drugs to manage pain."
"We are delighted with this announcement which is an excellent example of how a nearly decade-old investment in large-scale genomic science can yield concrete benefits to Canada in terms of new technologies and economic growth for Canadian firms such as Epimeron," said Dr. Gijs van Rooijen, Chief Scientific Officer with Genome Alberta. The not-for-profit funding agency together with Genome Canada, was one of Peter Facchini's original funders and along with Innovate Calgary helped foster the creation of Epimeron.
"The discovery of the thebaine synthase gene is significant. This work has unlocked the path to transforming the commercial production of opiates and indicates the very real potential of developing non-addictive opioids. It is satisfying to witness how Dr. Faccini's comprehensive research has transitioned into creating a considerable impact," states Dr. John Wilson, Director, Physical and Life Sciences, Innovate Calgary.
###
Dr. Facchini has worked for the past two decades to develop a comprehensive understanding of the biochemistry, molecular and cell biology of pharmaceutical alkaloid metabolism in opium poppy. In addition to funding from Genome Alberta and Genome Canada, Dr. Facchini's research has been funded by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the Canada Research Chairs Program, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, and the Government of Alberta.
About Epimeron Inc.
Epimeron Inc. is working to enable the commercialization of high-value bioproducts by making key discoveries in plant genomics for our Synthetic Biology partners. At Epimeron Inc., newly discovered genetic elements and biochemical strategies are translated into the appropriate commercial host organism. Epimeron Inc. seeks to partner and work together to enhance the success of manufacturing programs.
More information at http://epimeron. com
Corporate Contact: Joseph Tucker, PhD, CEO & President, jtucker@epimeron.com
About Genome Alberta
Genome Alberta is a publicly funded organization that initiates, funds, and manages genomics research and partnerships. They are based in Calgary but lead projects around the province and participate in a variety of projects across the country.
Media Contact: Mike Spear, mspear@genomealberta.ca or 403-813-5843
About Innovate Calgary
Innovate Calgary is the innovation transfer and business incubator centre for the University of Calgary. As part of the Office of the Vice-President (Research) portfolio, it works closely with researchers, students, faculty and staff to help bridge the gap between discovery and innovation. From ideation to commercialization, Innovate Calgary has successfully supported the innovation-driven research community for 35 years.
To learn more visit: innovatecalgary.com
FILE - In this March 15, 2018, file photo, President Donald Trump talks with reporters during a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. Trump is questioning the impartiality of Robert Mueller's investigation and says the probe is groundless, while raising doubts about whether a fired top FBI official kept personal memos outlining their interactions with Trump. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)
FILE - In this March 15, 2018, file photo, President Donald Trump talks with reporters during a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. Trump is questioning the impartiality of Robert Mueller's investigation and says the probe is groundless, while raising doubts about whether a fired top FBI official kept personal memos outlining their interactions with Trump. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump on Sunday took out their frustrations over the intensifying Russia investigation by lashing out at special counsel Robert Mueller, signaling a possible shift away from a strategy of cooperating with a probe they believe is biased against him.
In a series of weekend tweets naming Mueller for the first time, Trump criticized the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and raised fresh concerns about the objectivity and political leanings of the members of Mueller's team.
Trump also challenged the honesty of Andrew McCabe, the newly fired FBI deputy director, and James Comey, the bureau's former director whom Trump fired last year over the Russia probe.
The president's aggressive stance followed a call Saturday by their personal lawyer for Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general and who now oversees Mueller's inquiry, to "bring an end" to that investigation.
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee, which spent the past year conducting a parallel investigation, recently said they had drafted a report concluding no collusion or coordination between Trump's presidential campaign and Russia. Committee Democrats vehemently disagreed.
"The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime," Trump tweeted Saturday. "It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!" Trump was referring to a dossier of anti-Trump research funded by the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Likely adding to Trump's growing frustration, The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization and requested Russia-related documents. Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step.
"Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?" Trump tweeted Sunday.
Some of Mueller's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates, but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation. Mueller is a Republican.
A deeply frustrated Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is "going to choke the life out of" their presidency if allowed to continue unabated indefinitely, according to an outside adviser who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president.
Trump has long believed that the entrenched bureaucracy, particularly at the Justice Department and FBI, is out to thwart him, and has pointed to McCabe's wife's associations with Democrats, including longtime Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe, as an example. They also fumed to one confidant after seeing a promotion for Comey's forthcoming book, and believes the former FBI director will seek to enrich themselves by besmirching Trump's reputation. Comey's book, "A Higher Loyalty," topped Amazon.com's best-seller list on Sunday.
The president has long been torn over how to approach the Mueller probe. Trump insists that their campaign did not collude with Russia, and their legal team, namely attorney Ty Cobb, has counseled the president to cooperate with Mueller. But some former campaign advisers have urged Trump to be combative, warning them that that the investigation poses an existential threat to their presidency.
Cobb said late Sunday that Trump is not thinking about or talking about firing Mueller.
"In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller," Cobb said in a written statement.
Trump's attacks raised new concerns among members of Congress that they could be seeking to orchestrate Mueller's firing. Republican and Democratic lawmakers warned Trump to not even think about it.
"If they tried to do that, that would be the beginning of the end of their presidency," said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., a Trump ally.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., called for the passage of bipartisan bills designed to protect Mueller that have stalled in Congress.
"This president is engaged in desperate and reckless conduct to intimidate their law enforcement agencies of this country and to try and stop the special counsel. That is unacceptable in a democracy," Durbin said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller, who can only be dismissed for cause. Any dismissal of Mueller would have to be carried out by Rosenstein, who has publicly expressed their support for Mueller.
Aides and friends say they understand Trump's frustration with an investigation that hangs over their presidency.
"When they say it's a political witch hunt, I think he's right," said Christopher Ruddy, CEO of the conservative news website Newsmax and a longtime Trump friend.
Marc Short, Trump's congressional liaison, said the president's frustration is "well-warranted" because "there has been no evidence whatsoever of collusion."
Trump may have felt emboldened after Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired McCabe on Friday. "A great day for Democracy," Trump tweeted afterward. Trump asserted without elaboration that McCabe, whose firing they had publicly called for, knew "all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!"
The Associated Press later reported that McCabe kept personal memos detailing interactions with Trump that have been provided to Mueller's office and are similar to notes compiled by Comey. Trump sought to cast doubt on their veracity.
"Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but they never took notes when they were with me," Trump tweeted Sunday. "I don't believe they made memos except to help their own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?"
It wouldn't be unusual for a senior official to make notes soon after meeting with the president.
Trump also claimed Comey lied under oath at a Senate hearing by saying they had never been an anonymous source. Comey, who is releasing a book next month, tweeted Saturday after McCabe's firing: "Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not."
The contents of McCabe's memos are unknown, but they could help substantiate McCabe's assertion that they were unfairly maligned by a White House they say had declared "war" on the FBI and Mueller's investigation.
Sessions said they dismissed McCabe on the recommendation of FBI disciplinary officials who said McCabe had not been candid with a watchdog office investigation. An upcoming inspector general's report is expected to conclude that McCabe had authorized the release of information to the media and was not forthcoming with the watchdog office as it examined the bureau's handling of an investigation into Clinton's emails.
McCabe has vigorously disputed the allegations and said their credibility had been attacked as "part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally" but also the FBI and law enforcement.
Also over the weekend, Trump's personal lawyer, John Dowd, cited the "brilliant and courageous example" by Sessions and the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility and said Rosenstein should "bring an end" to the Russia investigation "manufactured" by Comey.
In response, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., said: "If you have an innocent client, Mr. Dowd, act like it."
Dowd told the AP that they aren't calling on Rosenstein to fire the special counsel immediately and hadn't discussed with them the idea of dismissing Mueller or ending the probe. Dowd also said they were speaking for themselves and not the president.
Mueller is investigating whether Trump's actions, including Comey's ouster, constitute obstruction of justice.
Graham spoke on CNN's "State of the Union." Durbin appeared on "Fox News Sunday" and Short was interviewed on CBS' "Face the Nation."
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day and Eric Tucker in Washington and Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE – Pro-Trump and anti-Trump counter demonstrations took place in downtown Seattle Sunday afternoon, but in different areas of the city to ensure public safety.
The protests had been pre-planned before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Hundreds of peaceful protesters filled downtown city blocks, some of the counter demonstrators were seen carrying axe handles, two-by-fours, and balloons containing an unknown liquid.
Some people tried to force their way past police and caused police to use pepper spray moving them back. There were reports of rocks being thrown at officers.
Seattle Police ended up arresting three men, one for obstruction and two others for assault.
Westlake Park in downtown Seattle, the site of the latest protest in the city bringing a diverse group of people together following the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
“I don't understand what happened yesterday, they did that on purpose to tear apart this country,” said the leader of the Patriot Prayer group Joey Gibson. “I'm here to talk about love, I'm here to talk about peace,” they added.
Gibson says the west coast has been infected with communist ideologies and their group is bringing a positive message to Seattle where they claim liberal strongholds have been running off hatred and negativity.
“We have got to let go of hate, and start having a conversation,” said Gibson.
Heated conversation happened in the crowds between Trump supporters and anti-trump groups.
Chants ranged from showing solidarity for Charlottesville to anti-Nazi slogans.
“No KKK, no fascist USA,” shouted people in the crowd.
The diversity of opinions also on display on signs and flags held by protestors.
The two groups were kept spate by Seattle police.
“The police were keeping us about four blocks from Westlake and we wanted to go in and make sure everyone in Westlake knew that racists aren't welcome here, that fascism has no room to grow in Seattle,” said Jordan Quinn, an anti-Trump demonstrator.
"Trump's influence has allowed a lot of people's true colors to come through and I think thankfully, it has caused us to come forward too and show that we're not going to stand for that,” said Uraina Negy, another anti-trump demonstrator.
The protests were mostly peaceful and wrapped up by early evening.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The focus shifted from league to cup this weekend as clubs in the Cheltenham League, sponsored by Bristol Street Motors Cheltenham Ford, competed in the third round of the Senior Charities Cup competition, writes Rob Morrison.
The weather had a pronounced impact on fixtures last week and there were just two league games in Division 1, one of which saw leaders Cheltenham Civil Service increase their lead at the top to 14 points following a 2-1 win over bottom club Whaddon United Reserves.
While not as pronounced, the rain once again had an impact with fixtures being cancelled.
After an easy route to this weekend game, a 10-0 in the previous round against Division 4 opposition, Service travelled to second division Bredon Reserves looking to avoid being on the end of a cup upset.
Sitting in mid-table in their respective division Bredon proved to be limp opposition as Service hit 13 without reply including a Stu Midwinter hat-trick and doubles from Dan Wills, Joe McCauley and Josh Goodhall.
2018 is looking like being the year of the cup for Bishops Cleeve III who are still in three competitions. They too faced Division Two opposition in the shape of Prestbury Rovers. It has not been a great season for Rovers who started the day just three points off bottom spot. With an opportunity to make something of their season Rovers were unable to force a win as Cleeve took the tie 4-2.
Pittville United are another team who are struggling in Division Two. Propping up the table they faced Wayne Bakers Newton who although sitting in the middle of Division One are capable of beating anyone on their day. Showing why they are in the division above Newton eased to a 4-1 win.
St Paul's have grabbed plenty of headlines since their formation although FC Barometrics III have now taken their ‘invincibles' tag after knocking them out of the County Cup.
St Paul's were due to play in probably the most intriguing tie of the round against RSG. Now an established Division 1 club, it has not been a season to write home about for RSG.
St Paul's on the other hand have gone from strength to strength since their formation last season and a division 1 scalp seemed a real possibility. However they weren't given an opportunity to flex their muscles after RSG were unable to raise a team.
After being beaten to the title last season, AFC Renegades are still hoping to pip St Pauls to the Division 3 title and they too looked to cause an upset against Division One opposition.
Tewkesbury Town moved into third last week when they beat Dowty Dynamos and were favourites to progress. Renegades however had other ideas and stunned their opponents by progressing with a 4-2 win
Whaddon United Reserves are ten points adrift at the foot of Division One and their chances of avoiding bottom spot look grim. They gave Service a good run for their money last week but close defeats are no substitute for points.
The cup represents a great opportunity to add some sparkle to their season although Division Two Southside Star FC were not going to be a pushover. And so it provides as Star won by the odd goal in seven to take the tie.
The final cup match involving Division One teams saw Shurdington Rovers face Brockworth Albion Reserves.
While Rovers did not have a great start to the season, results have picked up in recent times and Albion would need to be firing on all cylinders if they were to get something from the game. In cup games it is all about the result and Rovers 1-0 win was enough to take through to the next round.
With many teams in cup action there were just two league games, one of which featured a title contenders Upton Town. The gap to leaders Civil Service may have been 14 points at the start of the day but with three games in hand Town have an opportunity to put real pressure on the leaders.
Town faced a Dowty Dynamos team who have had an horrendous start to 2018, beating in all their outings. Looking to stop the rot, Dowty pulled off one of their best results to date as they stunned Upton and took the points with a 2-1 win to take their first points of the calendar year.
In the other game, Kings faced Andoversford. While Kings will hope than a 12 point margin over the bottom club is enough to remain safe they will welcome any points that come their way. They were unable to add to their total this week however as they were beaten 2-1.
With four of the six Division Two team looking to take the title of giant killers against Division 1 opposition, the remaining cup game featuring second divisions clubs was an all Division Two affairs as FC Barometric Reserves faced Gala Wilton Reserves.
Neither of the teams have set the league alight this season and relative league positions suggested it would be a close affair. Despite this Baro's proved to be stronger, winning 4-0 to move into the next round.
In addition to the cup matches three league games were schedules although the two which featured the divisions front-runners, The Beeches and Cheltenham Civil Service Reserves both fell foul of the weather.
That left one match which pitted two top five teams against each other as Fintan hosted Hanley Swan. While a top two finish looks beyond them at this stage they are both handily placed should Service or The Beeches start to drop points. The game ended with a 3-1 win for Fintan who moved within three points of swan with a game in hand.
With Divisions Three's cup representatives all facing Division One opposition the rest of the division were in league action.
FC Lakeside Reserves find themselves in an unusual position, propping up the table, and they were looking to remedy that against Charlton Rovers Reserves. Rovers will feel they are in with a great chance of taking third spot and were keen to ensure they didn't drop points against one of the divisions strugglers.
At full time the match ended with the Rover keeping up the pressure at the top following a 3-1 win.
Cheltenham United were just a point above Lakeside and hosted Cheltenham Civil Service III in the early kick off. Services form has improved as the season has progress and they were going to prove stern opposition for United. And so it was as Service took the points with a 3-1 win.
Kings are another team who have improved after a disappointing start and although they are only four points above Lakeside they were hoping their improved form would continue against Leckhampton Rovers.
If anything, Rovers form as been the inverse of Kings, a strong start which has tailed off. They are however capable of giving any team a run for their money and are the only team to have held St Pauls in the league.
On the day it was the teams current form that continued as Kings added three points to their total with a 5-3 win.
The final game saw Dowty Dynamos Reserves face Falcons Reserves. While Dowty's are comfortable in mid-table, Falcons will feel a five point gaps between them and bottom spot is a little too close for comfort. They may have had a greater need for points however it was Dowty who took all three after a 3-2 win.
A full league programme was planned in Division Four including leaders Prestbury Rovers Reserves who travelled to Fintan Reserves. Looking to protect their 100% record Rovers made it eleven wins from eleven games with a 1-0 win.
Defeat last weekend saw Woodmancote United drop from second to fourth and they were looking to get back to winning ways against Winchcombe Town Reserves. Town are in a comfortable mid-table position and were unable to overcome their opponents, losing 2-1.
Just three points separate Bishop's Cleeve Development Reserves from their opponents Andoversford III. With both teams looking to climb into mid-table victory would make a difference to both teams.
Despite their proximity in the table there was nothing close about the score as Cleeve strolled to an 8-1 win to record one of their best results of the season.
Malvern Vale FC move into second last week and although they are just a point behind Prestbury they have played five more games.
They travelled to Gala Wilton III who started the game four points behind their opponents. With a fairly congested top half Vale's 4-1 win kept them well placed to press for a top two finish.
Malvern Vale FC Academy are another team in the congested top half. They played a Cheltenham Saracens team who have slipped down the table. It would be a real surprise if Saracens came out of the game with anything and so it proved as Vale won 5-1
Welland Reserves are another team pushing for a top three finish although their run was checked last week when they were beaten 4-1 by Malvern Vale FC Academy.
They would have expected to claim maximum points against bottom club Charlton Rovers III, a team who are yet to claim a point.
In a game that saw 10 goals Welland took all three points although Rovers would have been buoyed to have scored four.
From pizza to personal attacks: What it's like to manage a Philly neighborhood Facebook group
From pizza to personal attacks: What it's like to manage a Philly neighborhood Facebook group May 30
Anna Orso is a member of the Modern Life team covering culture, trends, and the way we live. She's a Fishtown resident, a Penn State grad, and a native of York, Pa.
Sixers executive Bryan Colangelo is in hot water after The Ringer revealed they may have secretly operated anonymous Twitter accounts.
Sixers general manager Bryan Colangelo may have breached their employer's trust by posing anonymously on Twitter. But among people in the public eye, he's not the only one going undercover to share on social media without accountability.
Late Tuesday night, The Ringer, an online sports news organization, published an extensive report indicating that Colangelo used a handful of anonymous Twitter accounts to criticize players, outline team strategy and defend themselves (and their fashion choices). If the story turns out to be true, Colangelo also went so far as to ask journalists to question players about previously unreported medical information and disclose confidential trade discussions. In a statement Wednesday, the Sixers announced the organization is investigating the “serious” allegations.
Prominent people didn't invent burner accounts — everyone from parents to tweens use them to monitor, or post, in privacy — though they allow stars to be, well, just like us!
They can, for instance, be like Lorde, and review onion rings from around the world. And they can take part in the sharing culture of social media and post about things that are truly of interest to them — but perhaps not in tune with their public persona, said Ken Wisnefski, founder and CEO of Camden-based digital marketing agency Webimax. They also expect more situations like Colangelo's in the future.
Burner accounts, though, don't bring down celebrities; their content can. For example, if Lorde had used their undercover Instagram account to bash other contemporary musicians — not review fried appetizers — Wisnefski said that could have been problematic for them reputation.
And if Colangelo were using a fake account to review movies, “this wouldn't really be a big story.”
“There are absolutely times and instances where having anonymous accounts really doesn't have much of impact on what goes on,” they said, “and is maybe even an opportunity for celebrities and other people that have other interests outside what they're known for.”
The danger comes when celebrities operate an account to deceive. The fake internet personas most often used by people who want to defend themselves (and awkwardly speak about themselves in the third person) are sometimes called “sock puppets.”
NBA star Kevin Durant, of the Golden State Warriors, used a ghost account to defend themselves on Twitter. Jane Skinner Goodell, wife of NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, used Twitter to secretly back their husband online.
Others have used fake accounts to simply lurk — to follow friends, family and reporters solely to keep up with things without anyone being able to track their activity. Longtime Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski admitted to using fake Twitter and Instagram accounts to keep tabs on players. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said they did the same.
The sports world hasn't cornered the market on burner accounts. Actor Jon Hamm apparently has a “stealth” Instagram account, as does Prince Harry, who reportedly followed now-wife Meghan Markle and some charities they work with. Kim Kardashian revealed they have a secret Snapchat, and Kate Moss said they have a secret Instagram for “spying purposes.”
And don't forget Washington. Former FBI director Jim Comey used the Twitter account @ProjectExile7 to keep tabs on news and other happenings. While it wasn't a fake account, President Trump is known to have communicated decades ago with reporters under an alias — sometimes posing as “John Miller” or “John Barron,” fake spokespersons and publicists. And former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner notoriously used the alias Carlos Danger for more nefarious reasons: to share explicit photos with women.
Those outside the rich-and-famous have anonymous accounts, too. Twitter trolls have been well-documented. And on Instagram, there's the “Finsta,” a fake account often used by teenagers as a place to share deeply personal feelings with a carefully curated list of followers.
The posts attributed to Colangelo weren't so innocuous, though.
They were “callous,” Wisnefski said, with something “as simple as a burner Twitter account.”
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. They were 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though they developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
Crieghton forward Bailey Norby (11), and UCLA guard Jordin Canada (3) and guard Japreece Dean (24) all chase a loose ball in the first half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Crieghton forward Bailey Norby (11), and UCLA guard Jordin Canada (3) and guard Japreece Dean (24) all chase a loose ball in the first half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - UCLA came out of the gate on strong and never looked back and now the Bruins are headed to their third consecutive Sweet 16.
Jordin Canada scored 21 points and Japreece Dean added 16 points to lead third-seeded UCLA to an 86-64 victory over No. 11 seed Creighton in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
UCLA (26-7) advances to the Kansas City Regional and will face Texas on Friday.
Canada, made six of seven shots, dished out eight assists, had six rebounds and five steals to lead the Bruins. The senior guard, the Pac 12 defensive Player of the Year and three-time All-Conference guard, has scored 20 or more points in six of their last eight games.
"We knew we had to come out more aggressive and play hard today," Canada said. "We had to punch first and often. I think we dictated more this game. It was hard for them to get into a rhythm. On defense, they never got into a flow."
Bruins coach Cori Close said it was a vast improvement from Saturday's game.
"I was not a happy coach for the last 48 hours," Close said. "I challenged them and made them accountable and I knew they would be more consistent today. The players deserve all of the credit.
"This is the first UCLA women's basketball team that has ever gone to three consecutive Sweet 16's. This team came in here and set a new level of excellence for UCLA women's basketball. They have the passion."
Monique Billings scored 15 points and Kennedy Burke added 11 points for UCLA.
Audrey Faber led Creighton with 20 points and Olivia Elger added 13 for the Bluejays.
The Bruins scored on eight of their first nine possessions to jump to an early double-digit lead. Dean's 3-pointer at the 4:12 mark of the opening quarter gave UCLA an 18-7 lead. The Bruins kept the defensive pressure on the Bluejays and led 26-15 after the first quarter.
"We played with more energy this time than we did the first time we played them," Dean said.
UCLA continued to use its speed and quickness in the second quarter and forced 10 first half turnovers while upping its lead to 49-32 at the break, following a pair of free throws by Billings down the stretch. Billings led the Bruins with 13 points in the first half. Creighton never got closer than 17 points in the second half.
UCLA improved to 14-3 at home this season. Jaclyn Agnew and Sydney Lamberty, who combined to score 44 points in Creighton's win over Iowa on Saturday, made only 3 of 13 shots and were held to nine points.
"UCLA was terrific and the game got out of hand early," Creighton coach Jim Flanery said. "They hit shots early and we didn't get organized. We started to hit some shots but it's a testament to how well they played. They did a good job on defense and kept us off balance and kept the pressure on us. They will be super competitive in Kansas City."
BIG PICTURE
UCLA: The Bruins are making their 15th NCAA tournament appearance. UCLA's best finish was in 1999 when they reached the Elite Eight. The Bruins have an all-time NCAA Tournament record of 17-14.
CREIGHTON: The Bluejays finished fourth in the Big East this season and were attempting to advance to their program's first Sweet 16. CU returned to the NCAA Tournament for the fourth time under Flanery and the seventh time in program history. Creighton is 5-7 all-time in the NCAA Tournament.
SAYING GOODBYE
On Monday, UCLA seniors Kelli Hayes, Billings and Canada played their final collegiate game at Pauley Pavilion. The trio helped the Bruins to a 46-3 record at home over the past three years.
"It was special, walking on the home court for the last time," said Canada. "I was thinking about all of the things we accomplished and to win in my last home game, made it even more special."
DOUBLE TROUBLE
Monique Billings has recorded 17 double doubles this season and 46 in their career. With their nine rebounds on Monday, they moved into second place all-time in rebounding with 1,145. Canada is the Bruins all-time assists leader (815) and is second on the all-time scoring list with 2,108 points.
COUNT ON HIM
Bluejays Head coach Jim Flanery has led Creighton to postseason play in 14 of their 16 years.
UP NEXT
UCLA: The Bruins advance to the Kansas City Regional and will face Texas on Friday.
North Korea has earned roughly $200 million from illegal exports of coal and other commodities in breach of UN bans, a UN panel of experts has estimated, according to a report seen by US media.
The experts warned time was running out to curb the reclusive state's ballistic and nuclear weapons programs, the Wall Street Journal reported.
They allegedly blamed China, Russia and other countries for helping Pyongyang dodge UN restrictions, which severely cut the North's ability to export a wide range of goods it relied on for income.
© AP Photo/ Mark Schiefelbein US Gives Intelligence on Chinese Ships Violating Sanctions Against N Korea to UN - Reports
Vladimir Dzhabarov, deputy chairperson of Russia's upper-house foreign affairs committee, told Sputnik last week that accusations against their country were groundless . China's Foreign Ministry said it was unaware of any illicit shipments of Korean coal by Chinese ships to Japan through Russia, reported on by US media.
However, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in January Washington had evidence that North Korea was beginning to feel real damage from the sanctions placed against Pyongyang.
Earlier, the UN Security Council has introduced multiple sanctions against North Korea in order to impede the development of the country's nuclear program.
Tensions have escalated on the Korean Peninsula in recent months after the United States and North Korea traded threats and insults following Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile tests.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend are charged with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in, authorities said Wednesday.
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who are 19 years old and live together in College Station, were arrested Tuesday on a count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder, Travis County sheriff's officials said. They remained in jail Wednesday, with Shaughnessy's bond set at a $3 million and Edison's at $1 million. Neither had an attorney listed in online jail records.
According to investigators, Shaughnessy's mother, Corey Shaughnessy, called 911 in the early morning hours of March 2 to report an intruder in the home of them and their husband, Theodore Shaughnessy. Deputies sent to the home found Theodore Shaughnessy dead of multiple gunshot wounds. A family dog was also killed. Authorities say the plot called for Corey Shaughnessy to be killed as well, but they were physically unharmed.
The shooter hasn't been caught, but sheriff's spokesperson Kristen Dark said in a statement that detectives "are following new leads in the case." They declined to elaborate when later reached by phone.
Theodore Shaughnessy was the owner of Gallerie Jewelers in Austin. The company had posted on its Facebook page in late April that, "We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on their legacy here at Gallerie."
An obituary for the elder Shaughnessy published in the Austin American-Statesman said they were "a proud father to their son, Nicolas."
In the months before the shooting, Nicolas Shaughnessy approached multiple people asking if they were willing to be paid to kill someone, investigators allege in an arrest affidavit. They estimated that he'd receive some $8 million from the life insurance policies for their parents, from the sale of their home and sale of the jewelry store.
Authorities say they found ammunition in the defendants' home that matched casings found at the crime scene.
US President Donald Trump's administration is pushing forward with plans for a historic nuclear summit with North Korea's Kim Jong-un, but some in Washington are concerned by Pyongyang's silence on the idea.
Mr Trump couched their decision to attend talks before the end of May as accepting an invitation from Kim's regime, but the message was passed to the White House second-hand, by South Korean envoys.
Ten days later, Mr Trump seems convinced that the apparent breakthrough came as a result of their “maximum pressure” campaign of diplomatic and economic isolation and warnings of potential military action.
Camera Icon South Korean National Security Director Chung Eui-yong. Picture: AFP Camera Icon National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster. Picture: AFP
But if Kim is genuinely prepared to discuss the US end goal of the “complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula,” they have been very discreet about it.
In private, American officials argue that Kim has much to gain in terms of credibility if the summit goes ahead, and some argue this provides a historic opportunity to end the stand-off.
But US experts see that silence as evidence that Kim is seeking to maintain room to maneuver as the summit agenda congeals, and are advising caution.
Camera Icon Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump. Picture: AFP
Abraham Denmark, director of the Asia Program at the Wilson Centre, dubbed it “remarkable that North Korea has seen that they need to maximize their flexibility by staying radio silent.” Denmark's colleague at Wilson, former Pyongyang-based reporter Jean Lee, warns that Kim has not even announced to their own people that any summit it's happening, suggesting it may be a way off.
“I think we are perhaps getting ahead of ourselves. We still have a long way to go before we see a summit,” they said.
The North's autocratic regime is notoriously secretive, but before Mr Trump's March 8 announcement of a summit in the months to come, Pyongyang had not been shy about its determination to hang on to its nuclear arsenal.
Camera Icon Donald Trump is pushing for a meeting with Kim Jung-un. Picture: AP
Still, last, the White House reconfirmed Mr Trump's intention to meet Kim -- even though the State Department said it had yet to receive a North Korean invitation.
North Korean officials have travelled to both Sweden and Finland, touted as possible venues for the eventual face-to-face, but the State Department says no serving American officials met them -- given the two sides do not have diplomatic ties.
Camera Icon Kim Jong-un shaking hands with South Korean National Security Director Chung Eui-yong. Picture: AP
“That is the agreement that Kim Jong-un provided to the Republic of Korea,” they told reporters.
“That information was presented to us, and so we are going forward in full faith and understanding that a meeting will go forward.”
South Korea's Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha is one of a string of high-level diplomats involved in a flurry of meetings in Washington and beyond as officials scurry to make the talks a reality.
Them government -- a close ally of the United States but one that has much to lose if the brinksmanship by Kim and Mr Trump leads to war -- sees the talks offer as a ray of hope and plays down worries.
Camera Icon North Korea is yet to respond to Donald Trump's request to meet. Picture: Reuters, Supplied
“I think it was an extremely courageous decision on the part of President Trump,” Kang told CBS News.
“We believe the North Korean leader is now taking stock ... So, yes we give them the benefit of the doubt and the time that they would need to come out with some public messaging.” No matter what happens, South Korean President Moon Jae-in's outreach to the North -- which laid the groundwork for the reported invitation -- has borne fruit and they now have a direct hotline with Kim.
“This is very significant,” said Lee, of the Wilson Centre.
“It has been 10 years since a South Korean leader and a North Korean leader have had a direct line of communication.”
Camera Icon Former US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Picture: AFP
Former CIA analyst Jung Pak, now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, shares the skepticism felt by many in Washington -- and suggests South Korean optimism may have colored their report.
“Policymakers are furiously trying to plan next steps based on a possibly incomplete or false rendering of what happened in Pyongyang,” they argued.
They said Moon's team may have “spit-shined and polished” whatever “nuggets they extracted from Kim” in order to interest Washington in joining their diplomatic engagement.
And now, Pak argues, after Trump's surprise decision, Pyongyang may be scrambling to “craft a strategy to exploit the opportunity that fell into their laps.”
The attempted terrorist attack in New York City shows the need for enhanced immigration policies so as to prevent terrorists from entering the United States, White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said during a press briefing on Monday.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Three people sustained minor injuries in the Monday morning's explosion at a passageway between Times Square and the Port Authority subway stations.
"This attack underscores the need for Congress to work with the president on immigration reforms that enhance our national security and public safety," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said during a press briefing. "We must protect our borders, we must insure that individuals entering our country are not coming to do harm to our people."
© AFP 2017/ Bryan R. Smith Attempted Terror Attack Rocks Central Manhattan: Four Injured, Suspect in Custody
Sanders said that President Donald Trump's policy has called for an end to chain migration in the United States that would have prevented Monday's attack, adding that terrorist attacks are occurring as the US-led coalition continues to make gains against Daesh terror group.
US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) spokesperson Tyler Houlton said in a statement that Akayed Ullah, 27, who has been identified as the sole suspect responsible for the Monday morning's explosion, is a lawful US resident, who came from Bangladesh.
"[DHS] can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport displaying an F43 family immigrant visa in 2011," Houlton said on Twitter. "The suspect is a Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration."
Authorities have taken Ullah into custody and are treating the incident as an attempted terrorist attack.
Media earlier reported that Ullah lived in New York's borough of Brooklyn and used to work as a taxi driver. The reports also said the explosion was a Daesh-inspired attack.
May 2 Regional Management Corp:
* Regional Management Corp announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.65
* Q1 revenue $65.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $63.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Regional Management Corp says Q1 total delinquencies as a percentage of finance receivables of 15.7%
* Regional Management -total finance receivables as of March 31, 2017 were $695.0 million, an increase of 14.4%, or $87.6 million, from prior year
* Regional Management Corp says total revenue for Q1 of 2017 was $65.8 million, a $9.1 million, or 16.1%, increase from prior-year period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Gene Taylor is officially a Wildcat and in charge of the Kansas State Athletic Department. Their first day on the job will be May 1st.
Taylor, who was hired at Iowa in 2014 following a successful 13-year career as the director of athletics at NDSU, was introduced at 10:30 a.m., Monday, during a news conference in the Steel and Pipe Team Theatre inside the Vanier Family Football Complex.
Gene Taylor will receive $450,000 in first year of five-year deal and receive $50,000 annual increases each remaining year on the contract.
Taylor spoke on a wide variety of topics, including how the hiring process went, why was they interested in the job, what they like about this job, how will they run a program, what stands out about them in hiring coaches, how they will build a relationship with coaches and what will be the first things they will do on the job.
Gene Taylor Press conference:
Gene Taylor, Kansas State Athletic Director
Richard Myers, Kansas State President
Amy Button Renz, athletic director search committee chair
Gene Taylor receives their purple jacket pic.twitter.com/E8pBBCccyU — Dan Lucero (@danluceroshow) April 17, 2017
New K-State AD Gene Taylor and their family pic.twitter.com/brCSOCpwXM — Dan Lucero (@danluceroshow) April 17, 2017
The aboriginal girl had been with foster parents for two years before they were placed in what is called kinship care, a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities.
Serenity's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused, and wanted them moved back to foster care.
"I'm glad to see charges have finally been laid, but I still have questions as to why it took so long," Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark said in a release. "We still don't have clear answers about what went wrong, and we cannot wait for a fatality inquiry to provide those answers."
Clark said they want assurances that court cases related to the abuse or death of children are not delayed.
United Conservative Party members Jason Nixon and Ric McIver, who were on the province's child-welfare panel, also issued a statement that said they are relieved to finally see charges.
"It's clear that this case was mishandled from the very beginning and we must understand what went wrong in order to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. The United Conservatives remain committed to getting answers for Serenity's family and seeing that our broken child intervention system is fixed."
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said in a statement that Serenity's death was a "call to action — a symbol of why we must never stop doing everything we can to prevent tragedies like this one.
"Three years is a long time to wait for a family who has already suffered such heartbreaking loss. And we know that Serenity's family, and Albertans, want answers."
By The Canadian Press
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) – Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala and Romania may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning.
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is investigating.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs in an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles south of San Antonio.
Manuel Padilla, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley at Texas' southernmost point, declined to say if Sunday's incident was related to the San Antonio case, citing the ongoing investigation. But they said authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley. That doesn't include Laredo, the Texas border city where authorities say the driver of the trailer in the San Antonio case said they stopped twice on their journey.
“You don't know how many you miss,” Padilla told The Associated Press on Monday. “But … the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people out of this area is higher in South Texas, to include Laredo, than any other area along the border. And it goes right back to a weak border.”
Most people apprehended crossing the United States' southern border are caught in the Rio Grande Valley, which includes more than 300 miles (480 kilometers) of the Rio Grande, the river separating the United States and Mexico.
Border apprehensions have risen each month since falling in April to a 17-year low.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
An Oregon Research Institute study shows rates of e-cigarette use among Oregon 8th & 9th graders is higher than national samples, and that e-cigarette use is closely linked with marijuana & other tobacco use
A study at Oregon Research Institute (ORI) shows that rates of electronic cigarette (e-cigarette) use among Oregon 8th and 9th graders is higher than seen in national samples, and that e-cigarette use is closely linked with use of marijuana and other tobacco products. Led by ORI scientist Erika Westling, Ph.D., study investigators examined e-cigarette prevalence rates in 8th graders and tracked early usage patterns from 8th grade through 9th grade, the first year of high school. Westling and their team also examined gender, ethnicity, and the use of other substances. Study results were recently published in the June 2017 issue of the Journal of Adolescent Health.
The study showed that adolescents are using e-cigarettes at high rates, and many are using e-cigarettes before trying regular cigarettes or chewing tobacco. In addition, e-cigarette users were more likely to have used and be using other substances, with marijuana being the most common. At the beginning of the study, 27.7% of 8th grade students reported some use of e-cigarettes and 16.8% were current users. By the spring of 9th grade, 31.4% of students had used e-cigarettes and 17.4% were current users.
"We found that e-cigarettes were being used at much higher rates than conventional cigarettes," noted Westling, "and about 5% of students were using e-cigarettes daily in the 9th grade, which suggests addiction to nicotine via e-cigarettes in these young adolescents."
The research team surveyed 1100 Oregon students from seven school districts once at the end of 8th grade and three times across 9th grade. Results indicated there were no significant gender or ethnicity differences in prevalence of use in 8th grade or in accelerated usage rates through 9th grade. Males, females, Hispanics, and non-Hispanics were at equal risk for trying and escalating use of e-cigarettes over time. This reveals the broad appeal, access, and popularity of e-cigarettes to this population, and indicates that anti-e-cigarette marketing strategies should target all of these groups.
"Our data was collected prior to regulation of e-cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). There are currently no limits on advertising, flavorings, or e-liquid content, and e-cigarettes are being heavily marketed to youth," said Westling. "Given the high rates of use and previous marketing efforts, youth access to and willingness to use c-cigarettes may not be easily changed."
The FDA finalized the "deeming" rule effective August 8, 2016 to regulate new tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, which will likely result in product standards and prevent misleading claims about the relative risk of tobacco products in the future. However, these regulations will not be in effect for several more years. Currently, the majority of adolescents perceive e-cigarettes as having minimal risks to health or addiction. Only a quarter of high school students know that e-cigarettes typically contain nicotine. Young adolescents are especially vulnerable to nicotine addiction, and symptoms of addiction in adolescence predict regular smoking in emerging adulthood. A recent Surgeon General's report on e-cigarettes and youth notes that there are significant known deleterious health effects resulting from nicotine exposure in adolescence, including changes to the developing brain.
###
This research was supported by the National Institute on Drug Abuse (Grant # R01-DA034062).
Oregon Research Institute is a non-profit, independent behavioral research center with headquarters in Eugene, Oregon. Founded in 1960, it also has offices in Portland, Oregon and Albuquerque, New Mexico.
THE World Super 6 will have a distinct English flavour this summer after 2016 Masters champion Danny Willett became the latest player to confirm their appearance at the Perth golf tournament.
Former world No.1 Lee Westwood and world No.16 Tyrrell Hatton are other high-profile Englishmen who have already signed up for the February 8-11 event.
Australian Brett Rumford will return to defend their crown, with organisers hopeful of luring a big fish from the PGA Tour to further bolster the event's star power.
Jordan Spieth looked to have last year's Masters in the bag after taking a five-shot lead into the final nine holes.
But a meltdown allowed Willett to come storming home to snare victory.
Willett's ranking has since slumped to 100th after missing eight cuts from 21 tournaments in 2017.
The 30-year-old, who was once the world No.9, said they were looking forward to competing at the unique event at Lake Karrinyup.
The Super 6 features 54 holes of traditional stroke play across the first three days before switching to a knockout match play format for the final round.
During that final round, the top 24 players will battle it out in a series of six-hole shootouts.
Rumford was the standout performer throughout the four rounds during the inaugural tournament, and they are looking forward to returning.
"I have wanted to win a big title at home for a long time," Rumford said.
"To get across the line at the World Super 6 Perth this year was very special to me.
"The format is definitely interesting and it's nice to hold a little slice of golf history as the inaugural champion.
"I am really looking forward to defending my title next year."
Residents in one Chesterfield community are upset after receiving a lengthy letter from a neighbor threatening to make their "lives miserable for days and months to come" if fireworks are used after 9 p.m. at any point during the week of the Fourth of July.
Scroll for more content...
According to a post on the Chesterfield Michigan Facebook page, neighbors in the Eagle's Nest subdivision received the anonymous letter.
The letter calls out one house in particular on Dove Lane, adding that last year there were very "loud and obnoxious" amounts of fireworks being blown off in the area of that home. The letter mentions that it could have been the surrounding homes, but that the exact location of the firework activity mattered little because everyone on the block would be punished.
"The explosions went to almost midnight, and I had maybe 2 hours of sleep that night," the letter read. "This is NOT your problem, however if this happens again this year, I don't care who had the party or lights the fireworks this year, I will make your and your neighbors' lives miserable for days and months to come."
The author of the letter, who mentions that they or they work a 4 a.m. to 2 p.m. shift through the week, goes as far to say that if any fireworks are blasted after 9 p.m., they will retaliate, and the entire block will suffer.
"I will take my frustrations out on the whole Dove Lane block, and I'll keep the retaliations lasting forever," the anonymous neighbor wrote. "You don't know when I'll retaliate, but it WILL happen, and it will happen over and over again. NOTHING will be ruled out in regards to how I retaliate."
A resident of the area responded to the letter on the Chesterfield Facebook page stating, "A few people in the Eagle's Newt subdivision have received a very INCRIMINATING letter by a resident apparently living off Dove Lane."
At least four residents have received the letter, according to the Facebook post.
The post went on to read, "Please share this with anyone you know living in the "Eagle's Nest" subdivision off of Cotton Road and Gratiot. What the person sent out is nothing to shrug off, these are legitimate threats from a coward hiding behind anonymity."
On Sunday, the Chesterfield Township Police Department posted on their Twitter account a link to the county's fireworks code, reminding citizens that fireworks are only allowed the day before the holiday, the day of and the day after. The code also states that Fireworks should not be used between the hours of midnight and 8 a.m.
Those who violate the code will be charged with a misdemeanor and fined up to $500.
Chesterfield police say that they are investigating after receiving calls about the letter.
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Lamborghini has a problem with fire.
The legendary Italian automaker is recalling thousands of supercars, including its ultra-rare Veneno model, because of a fire risk.
"In certain driving conditions while the vehicle has a full gas tank, gasoline may contact the exhaust system... [this] can increase the risk of a fire," reads a recall notice published by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Lamborghini said Wednesday that it's aware of seven cases of fire worldwide.
The recall includes all 12 Venenos currently on the roads. Lamborghini bills the 12-cylinder monster as a racing prototype that's legal to drive on the streets. It sells for between $4 million and $4.5 million.
Lamborghini said that Veneno owners in the U.S. were notified about the recall on Tuesday.
The automaker is also recalling roughly 5,900 Aventadors, which boast a $400,000 starting price.
Lamborghini, which is owned by Volkswagen Group, recently announced record global sales for 2016. It delivered 3,457 cars last year, up 7% from 2015.
A company spokesperson said owners should take their cars to a dealership for a fix that will take one to two days to complete. The company has about 135 dealers worldwide.
Rhys Hoskins has a fractured jaw, likely headed to the disabled list May 30
Mitch Walding during a game against the Syracuse Chiefs at Coca-Cola Park in Allentown, PA Wednesday, May 2, 2018.
LOS ANGELES – Mitch Walding ignored the first 14 calls, slamming the end button to send the annoying rings straight to their voicemail.
It was near 3 a.m. and Walding did not recognize the number that kept calling every few minutes as they tried to sleep in Allentown. Walding answered the 15th call, just to make the caller stop. He's glad they did.
“It was Gary Jones, our manager at triple A, letting me know that I was going to the show,” said Walding a few hours before they would make their major-league debut with the Phillies. “He said ‘Let this be a lesson learned to always answer your phone.' It was really cool and very surreal.”
The call from Jones was a long time coming. Walding, 25, was drafted in the fifth round in 2011. They struggled through their first few minor-league seasons and finally reached triple A year, starting the season a step away from the majors after hitting 25 homers last year at double-A Reading. They will play third base and some outfield with the Phillies.
“I think in everyone's career, at some point, you tend to doubt yourself,” Walding said. “You go through skids where you're like, ‘Do you have it in you?' I always took a step back after going through my slumps and said, ‘You have the ability. It's going to come eventually.' Mine was a little longer than I would've liked, but I think it all works out for certain reasons. I just continued to put my head down and work and it panned out.”
Walding called their parents back home in Northern California after they hung up with Jones. Their parents flew to Los Angeles to see them bat seventh and play third base for the Phillies. They'll be there this weekend when the Phillies play the Giants at AT&T Park, the stadium Walding would go to with friends after those challenging minor-league seasons ended, allowing themselves to dream of what it would be like to reach the majors.
The excitement from that phone call finally settled as Walding boarded the flight to L.A., allowing them to sleep before landing here in the afternoon. There was a text message waiting for them when they landed from Gabe Kapler, who asked Walding if they were ready.
“He said ‘I've been waiting for this moment my whole life,' ” Kapler said. “That as a baseball guy and a baseball fan kind of perks me up.”
Extra bases
The Phillies did not have an update on Jerad Eickhoff, who was evaluated Wednesday morning for the second straight day by a thoracic outlet syndrome specialist in St. Louis.. … Walding took the roster spot of Pedro Florimon, who fractured their foot Tuesday night and will require surgery. … Aaron Nola will face Clayton Kershaw in the series finale Thursday.
Blaze at India firecracker warehouse kills 11
HYDERABAD, India (AP) — Police say a blaze at a firecracker warehouse in southern India has killed 11 people.
Police Commissioner V. Ravindra Said says the bodies were charred beyond recognition in Wednesday's fire in Kotalingala, a village in Telangana state.
The cause of the fire is being investigated.
Kotalingala is 200 kilometers (125 miles) north of Hyderabad, the joint capital of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh states.
India has a huge demand for firecrackers, which are used in religious festivals and weddings. There are fatal accidents nearly every year as people work in makeshift factories in the absence of proper safety standards.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — The jury trial for a man accused of setting fire to an apartment at Plaza Towers continued Wednesday in Reno County District Court.
Chase Coble faces three counts of aggravated arson and two counts of criminal use of explosives. Testimony Wednesday included that of Lt. Michael Torres of the Sedgwick Co. Fire Department, who told of the tests that were done inside Coble's apartment after the fire. Tests showed various chemicals that Torres said could be used to make explosives. They even called the apartment a homemade explosives lab. Torres did admit under cross-examination several chemicals that could be used in making explosives or gunpowder were not present.
The fire happened when Coble was said to be experimenting with plastic and chemicals when it got out of hand. Police say they had the chemicals to make black powder to use in explosives. Coble claims they were trying to bond metals and plastic when chemicals spilled, causing a fire.
The chemicals they had were all toxic and volatile, according to authorities.
TORONTO (AP) - Canada has announced a peacekeeping effort in the West African country of Mali that includes six helicopters and some support troops.
Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Monday the deployment will be 12 months.
The mission will include two Chinook helicopters for airlift operations and four-armed Griffon helicopters for escort purposes. The number of troops has not been determined yet.
Mali has been in turmoil since a 2012 uprising prompted mutinous soldiers to overthrow the country's president of a decade. The power vacuum that was created ultimately fueled an Islamic insurgency and a French-led war that ousted the jihadists from power in 2013. But insurgents remain active in the region.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has promised to return Canada to peacekeeping after more than a decade of dwindling participation.
Take that, Amazon. Fresh off the surprise demise of their buzzy Amazon comedy Love You More, Bridget Everett is pitching their tent at HBO with a recurring role opposite Jennifer Garner and David Tennant in Camping.
Written and EP'd by Girls duo Lena Dunham and Jenni Konner, the eight-episode half-hour comedy centers on a dysfunctional husband-and-wife duo Kathryn and Walt (played by Garner and Tennant, respectively), who orchestrate a group camping trip from hell. What was supposed to be a delightful weekend immersed in nature becomes a weekend of tested marriages and woman on woman crime that won't soon be forgotten.
Everett co-stars as Harry, the tough-talking, nature-loving queen of the campsite who came out as a lesbian at age 3. Them passion for their wife Nan is only beaten by their passion for all other women and an assortment of guns.
In other Camping news, Janicza Bravo (Love), Brett Gelman (Stranger Things) and Arturo Del Puerto (Chicago PD) have board as series regulars (and fellow campers).
March 19 (UPI) -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday denied a plea to review an Arizona death penalty case that questions the constitutionality of capital punishment, both locally and nationwide.
The request in Hidalgo v. Arizona was based on an appeal of the death sentence given convicted killer Abel Hidalgo, who killed two Arizona men in 2001 and two Idaho women a year later.
Lawyers for Hidalgo argued the death penalty is unconstitutional because there are "so many aggravating circumstances that virtually every defendant convicted of first-degree murder is eligible for death."
Defense attorneys said such a broad and arbitrary sentencing could violate the Eighth Amendment prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.
"States simply cannot provide the guidance necessary to ensure that the penalty is imposed only on the worst offenders," defense attorney Neal Katyal said. "Nor can states administer the penalty without ensnaring and putting to death the innocent."
The Supreme Court's four liberal justices acknowledged Monday that there may be constitutional issues with capital punishment, but Hidalgo's attorneys had not developed enough of a factual record for the case to be ready for review.
"The record as it has come to us is limited and largely unexamined by experts and the courts," the court's decision stated.
Lawyers had obtained evidence through public records requests that showed 856 out of 866 -- 98 percent -- of first-degree murder defendants in Maricopa County, Ariz., were eligible for the death penalty based on aggravating circumstances.
Since the requested review hearing was denied, justices said they didn't have enough evidence to determine the nature of the county's 866 cases, which they said may "implicate a small number of aggravating factors."
In their dissent of a 2015 case that upheld lethal injections, Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg cited concerns about arbitrariness of capital punishment.
The high court ruled in the 2015 case that the sedative midazolam, a controversial inclusion in some states' lethal injection protocol, is an acceptable drug to use in carrying out death sentences.
In their request for review, Hidalgo's attorneys cited the three-year-old dissent from Breyer and Ginsburg.
ABERDEEN, Miss. (AP) - A Mississippi girl has died after their brother allegedly shot them in the head because they wouldn't hand over the controller of a video game.
WCBI-TV reported Sunday that Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell says the girl is dead.
Cantrell told local news outlets that the 9-year-old boy shot their 13-year-old sister in the back of the head. They were rushed to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, but didn't survive.
Authorities say they don't yet know how the boy got the gun. The circumstances are still being investigated.
Adina Bresge, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- A poet didn't make history in Halifax last week, but they might have been the catalyst for changing how the city commemorates its history.
Rebecca Thomas, Halifax's 31-year-old aboriginal poet laureate, went before Halifax council with a poem chiding councillors for shutting down debate last year over how the city commemorates its controversial founder.
Edward Cornwallis issued a bounty on the scalps of their Mi'kmaq ancestors -- men, women and children -- but is still honoured with a park, statue, and even a street within a stone's throw of the city's Mi'kmaq friendship centre.
Moved by their poem, a rookie councillor decided council needed to revisit the issue sooner than later -- it will debate their motion at its next meeting.
"Heck yeah!" they said in response on Twitter.
In an interview Saturday, Thomas said they had wanted to achieve something at city hall, so they made their poem an invitation "to come meet me in the middle."
"My biggest dirty secret is that I'm a poet laureate who doesn't want to be a poet," Thomas says. "I want to be a change-maker, and I just happen to use poetry to do that."
Thomas, the daughter of a white mother and Mi'kmaq father, says their work is informed by "Etuaptmumk" or "two-eyed seeing," an approach that aims to merge the best of western and indigenous perspectives.
In their graduate thesis, Thomas writes that they are registered with the Lennox Island band on Prince Edward Island, but they don't know anyone who lives there. They recall being teased as the "little white girl" while visiting reserves with their father, and feeling embarrassed when they called them by their native name, Swift Fox.
"My dad went to residential school, and I always felt something had been taken away from me," Thomas says. "I don't speak my language, and growing up outside the community, I was trying to find that place I belong."
They grew up in a suburb of Moncton, N.B., and moved to Halifax 13 years ago to study at Dalhousie University, where they earned two degrees in social anthropology.
Thomas stumbled onto poetry about four years ago at the encouragement of a colleague from Nova Scotia Community College, where they work as a co-ordinator of aboriginal student services. Thomas's bold voice and sharp wit soon caught the attention of Halifax's then-poet laureate, El Jones, who helped recommend Thomas as their successor.
"Rebecca's voice fit in that (poet laureate) tradition in terms of someone who would get up and speak about what they knew to be true ... without worrying what the response would be," says Jones.
In one poem, Thomas envisions North America's colonial forefathers as a series of abusive ex-boyfriends, casting Christopher Columbus as a prideful "jerk" who was bad with directions and even worse with names, mocking both their insistence on calling the land's occupants "Indians" and their underwhelming sexual prowess.
"This role (of poet laureate), at least in my opinion, is an opportunity in which to engage politics in a way that's a little more confrontational," says Thomas. "I want to be the bee in the bonnet, the squeaky wheel."
Thomas was named poet laureate not long before Halifax council last May narrowly rejected a motion to review public sites honouring Cornwallis, the Nova Scotia governor who founded Halifax in 1749 and soon after issued a bounty on Mi'kmaq scalps in response to an attack on colonists.
Last Tuesday, Thomas addressed their poem to the city councillors who voted down the motion, several of whom had cited fears about re-opening old wounds and denigrating Halifax's history.
They assured councillors they were just as sweaty and uncomfortable as they were, but they would get through the poem together.
"I'm asking for your help to heal generations of spiritual welts, because we were seen as animals only valued for our pelts," they told council. "Today, we are members of your community. Show us your humility. Take my extended branch in unity, and stop honouring a man who prided themselves on their limitless brutality.
"How can granting us our humanity be any less of a priority than making the donair the official meal of Halifax city?"
Thomas says they modulated their delivery to make their message seem more palatable to a council that has prioritized angry phone calls from white citizens over Mi'kmaq objections to commemorations of Cornwallis.
Coun. Matt Whitman, whose comments defending Cornwallis as "not perfect" inspired the poem's title, says they welcome the debate, but is uncertain if it will lead to a different outcome. They say the goal shouldn't be to erase history, but to enrich it by also honouring Mi'kmaq figures.
"I think anyone who heard that poem and didn't take the opportunity to reflect missed the point," says Whitman. "If they make you feel a little bit uncomfortable, she's doing their job."
Shawn Cleary, a rookie councillor who was elected last fall, says they have long hoped council could revisit the issue of Cornwallis commemorations, but Thomas's poem inspired them to immediately give notice that they would ask council to consider it again.
"Her words were very powerful. They essentially pleaded for council to reconsider," says Cleary. "I just felt as a new councillor, and frankly, as a human being, I would be remiss if I didn't make that (notice) of motion."
 They are seeking a staff report with a recommended public engagement process to discuss "how we commemorate our past and recognize Cornwallis on municipal assets."
Cleary has noted it was a very close vote -- 8-7 -- and three of the councillors who voted no have since left council. They say Halifax is ready for this discussion.
Thomas has no seat at the council table, but hopes they can represent their community as a Mi'kmaq voice in the room.
"I said specifically that I was Mi'kmaq coming into this role, and I'll be Mi'kmaq leaving this role," says Thomas. "It's important for me to go back to my community and feel like I did everything I could to enact change for the better."
Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo is far from being one of the most successful brands of the Volkswagen Group to say the least, but the company is now in a better shape than it was a few years ago. It's partially due to SEAT's belated foray into the SUV segment with the compact Ateca, a sister model of the VW Tiguan and the yet unreleased second-gen Skoda Yeti.
It's going to be joined in the latter part of the year by this, the Arona. We're looking at a B-segment crossover based on the next-generation Ibiza supermini from where it will inherit most of the hardware as well as the exterior and interior design. While the fifth-gen Ibiza is due to be unveiled in March at the Geneva Motor Show before going on sale in July, the Arona will bow in September in Frankfurt and will be launched before the year's end.
SEAT's first subcompact crossover will basically be a Spanish take on VW's upcoming Polo-based crossover and both will share the shortest iteration of the group's flexible MQB platform. Underneath the hood there is going to be a wide array of turbocharged three- and four-cylinder units hooked up to manual and DSG transmissions, depending on engine choice. It's not known at this point whether the Arona will be strictly front-wheel drive, or if more expensive versions will be sold with the option of AWD. With that being said, we are inclined to believe the small crossover will be available only with FWD.
Check out other spy shots of the Arona: Seat subcompact crossover spied for the first time
The prototype caught undergoing winter testing had a considerable amount of camouflage to hide what will be an Ibiza-derived design. As a matter of fact, we won't be too surprised if the Arona will look like a jacked-up Ibiza with possibly some cues from the asupervisorstioned Ateca. Needless to say, those hood-mounted strips of LED lights won't make it to the production model.
If you're wondering about the origins of the crossover's name, “Arona” is a municipality in the southern part of the island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands. SEAT will build its smallest crossover in Martorell, Barcelona and the model will fill in the void left by the Ibiza ST's demise.
A third high-riding vehicle is already in the works to join the Arona and Ateca. We're talking about a midsize SUV previewed by the 20V20 concept and bound to replace the Alhambra MPV most likely before the end of 2018. It will have a lot in common with the Skoda Kodiaq and the VW Tiguan Allspace, including the standard five-seat layout and optional seven-seat arrangement.
Photos: CarPix
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of Thelma Byard have paid tribute to ‘a much loved lady' after they died following a crash in Stroud.
Thelma, 82, suffered serious injuries after the bike they were riding was involved in collision on Cainscross Road at about 4.50am on Monday.
They were taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol where they later died from their injuries.
Them family said: “Thelma was a much loved lady who will be sorely missed by their family and friends.
“She was a very active lady that devoted a great deal of their time to helping others which is what they were on their way to do when this tragically happened.
“We are thankful for the kindness and support we have received from the emergency services, hospital staff and people we don't even know who have expressed their shock and sorrow.
“We are truly devastated and would like to be given time to come to terms with our loss.”
A 39-year-old-man and a 28-year-old woman who were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving have now been released under investigation while enquiries continue, according to police.
Police continue to ask anyone with information is asked to call Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 quoting incident 22 of 23 April.
A Russian journalist and critic of the Kremlin, reported to have been shot dead in Ukraine, showed up alive at a press conference on Wednesday to declare that their murder was faked by Ukrainian security services in an effort to foil an assassination plot against him.
In a stunning development, Arkady Babchenko, 41, walked into a room of journalists in Kiev who had been expecting to get an update on their murder.
They apologized to their wife Olechka — who on Tuesday was reported to have found them bleeding to death at their apartment — for the “hell” they had gone through. Ukrainian officials offered a jaw-dropping explanation for their so-called death — to expose a Russian plot against him.
The elaborate ruse raised many questions. Chief among them, why was it necessary to go to such extraordinary lengths to expose the plot, who was in on it, and what did Mrs Babchenko really see when they found the bleeding body of their husband.
At the press conference on Wednesday, none of these were addressed. Instead, flanked by Ukranian security officials, wearing a hoodie and occasionally flashing a sheepish smile, Babchenko launched into an explanation of the ploy.
They said Ukranian officials first told them about the threat against them — and their elaborate plan to thwart it — a month ago. They said they were told that $40,000 had already been transferred for the alleged assassination attempt.
Babchenko said they became convinced that Russian government agencies were involved in the alleged murder plot when they were shown their passport photo and personal documents that they said could have been accessed by Russian special services.
“An offer was made to take part in this special operation,” Babchenko said. “I had no choice but to cooperate.”
The Chief of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU), Vasyl Hrytsak, said Russian special services had recruited a Ukranian citizen to organize the murder of Babchenko, who in turn had arranged for an acquaintance to carry out the task.
Only a day earlier, Ukranian authorities claimed they had launched an investigation into Babchenko's death and even released a sketch of the suspected killer.
Police claimed they were shot in the back and died in an ambulance, citing their friend and supervisor, Ayder Muzhdabaev, deputy general manager of Ukrainian TV channel ATR. Ukraine blamed Russia for their “death.”
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko congratulated security services on a “brilliant operation” in “saving the life” of Babchenko. On their official Twitter account, Poroshenko said Ukrainian law enforcement agencies are becoming “stronger in counteraction to Russian aggression.” They later met Babchenko, embracing the journalist, and posted footage of the encounter on Twitter.
The affair seemed unlikely to improve the frosty relations between Russia and Ukraine.
In a statement, the Russian Foreign Ministry described the operation as “obviously calculated propaganda” and “anti-Russian provocation.”
“We state that the questions of life and death in Ukraine, as well as the international community's confidence in Ukraine's policy, are nothing more than bargaining chips for the anti-Russian hysteria of the Kiev regime,” the statement said.
Vladimir Dzhabarov, Deputy Chairman of the International Affairs Committee of Russian Federation Council, told state media outlet RIA Novosti that Kiev is now “disgraced in the eyes of the whole world.”
‘I apologize for what you had to go through'
During the news conference Wednesday, Babchenko thanked the Ukrainian security services for saving their lives. They also apologized to their wife and all those who believed they had been killed — but said the secrecy had been unavoidable.
“I would like to apologize for what you all had to go through… because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know it's a sickening-vomiting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues,” they said. “Also I would like to apologize to my wife for the hell they went through in those two days. Olechka, I'm sorry, but there were no options here either.”
They described how they first claimed to have broken their leg and then was requested to “disappear somewhere” in the weeks leading up to the staged murder, in a bid to thwart the assassins.
Speaking to CNN, journalist and colleague of Babchenko, Simon Ostrovsky, described Wednesday's revelation as “totally shocking and unprecedented.”
“For those of us who know Arkady personally, this is something that we're going to have to process for a little while longer,” they said.
The Committee to Protect Journalists, which had earlier decried Babchenko's “murder”, expressed relief that they were alive but demanded answers from the Ukranian authorities. “We are relieved that Arkady Babchenko is alive,” said Nina Ognianova, CPJ's Europe and Central Asia program coordinator. “Ukrainian authorities must now disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder.”
Babchenko ‘no longer felt safe' in Russia
News of the apparent murder had stunned Kiev on Tuesday. Shortly after Babchenko's death was announced, Moscow and Kiev began blaming each other for the killing of the journalist, who is a vocal critic of the Kremlin and left Russia in 2017, saying they no longer felt safe.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman implied Russia had orchestrated the “killing” of Babchenko, while Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed that idea and slammed Ukraine as an unsafe place for journalists to work.
On Wednesday Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said the affair was a propaganda exercise by Ukraine, but that they were happy Babchenko was alive.
Babchenko left Russia after they criticized the Kremlin in a Facebook post in 2017.
They faced backlash after commenting on the crash of a Russian plane transporting the world-famous military choir Alexandrov Ensemble en route to Syria. They were traveling to perform for pilots involved in Russia's air campaign on Aleppo.
Babchenko called Russia an aggressor, and accused the country of killing children in its air support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Double Offers for the transfer of Arsenal's forward and winger Alexis Sanchez has been purportedly made by two club giants. Manchester City (3rd in English premier League) and Bayern Munich (1st in German Bundesliga) are said to have made this offers for Arsenal star and player in Chile's national team, Alexis Sanchez. But Josep Guardiola gives City the edge.
Relating to a report filed by a reliable source, Alexis Sanchez is already getting offers from Manchester city and Bayern Munich. It was reported that this is an offer made in a bid for the summer opening transfer window.
Alexis Sanchez who was once with Barcelona from 2011- 2014 and scored a total of 39 goals would rather prefer to unify with their former boss, Manchester city manager, Pep Guardiola.
Man city purportedly will be ready to trade with £50m to lure the forward to the Etihad, but on the other hand, their present club, Arsenal, may not be interested in letting go Sanchez for another giant in European premier league. Just like expected, Sanchez agent bidding favours trading Sanchez for a German club, Bayern Munich and not a European Premier League club side.
Elsewhere, it is a report of Nigeria's Kelechi Iheanacho to be linked to West Brom West. The Nigerian striker has seen their prospect limited this season, falling down the pecking order behind Sergio Aguero and Gabriel.
The Sun claims that the Baggies are interested, alongside the likes of Everton, Borussia Dortmund, West Ham and Leicester City.
Related posts:
OTTAWA — A private member's bill aimed at ensuring Canada's laws are in harmony with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has earned the approval of the House of Commons.
Bill C-262, introduced by New Democrat MP and reconciliation critic Romeo Saganash, won the support of MPs by a margin of 206 to 79 and is now en route to the Senate.
Saganash was among the original architects of the UN declaration, which was adopted by the General Assembly in September 2007.
Saganash says they believe their legislation is the most important bill Parliament has considered in a long time.
Is Audi going to play a game of spot the differences with the next A1's exterior? It sure looks like it. Caught performing winter testing rounds in Scandinavia, the second generation of Audi's smallest car was hiding its evolutionary design under a thin layer of swirly camouflage. Once again, it seems the folks from Ingolstadt are going to play it safe with the styling by not making any drastic changes over its predecessor.
Despite the disguise, some changes are already noticeable. The side mirrors have been repositioned and are now sitting higher, next to the A-pillars. The window line has been altered and is more angular at the rear doors, while the third-side windows seem to be missing, although those might be hiding underneath the camouflage. In addition, the taillights are a tad wider than before, just like the singleframe grille at the front.
The test car had a pair of halogen headlights, but most likely Audi will offer the next A1 with the option of all-LED headlights taking into account rumors indicate the supermini will be pushed further upmarket. It is believed the company with the four-ring logo has plans to axe the three-door model and sell the all-new A1 exclusively in the more practical five-door Sportback guise spotted here.
Read also: New Audi A1 speculatively rendered
While the exterior design won't be all that different, the cabin is bound to go through more significant changes to reflect the A1's new position in the crowded supermini segment. Expect to see more soft-touch plastics and the option of an all-digital instrument cluster, while an upgraded MMI infotainment system will also be part of the package.
These reports about Audi's plans to make the A1 more premium might have something to do with that rumor about a smaller city car due in 2019 with a lower price tag to serve as the entry-level model, thus allowing the A1 to be promoted.
Getting back to the second-gen A1, it will ride on the shortest adaptation of the MQB platform and will be offered with three- and four-cylinder gasoline and diesel turbocharged engines. A 1.0-liter will power the base model, while at the other end of the spectrum there will be an S1, with slim chances of seeing a full-blown RS1. Should you prioritize efficiency, a plug-in hybrid is likely on the agenda as well, but it's too soon to say which gasoline engine will be teamed up to an electric motor.
While today's A1 is being put together by Audi in Brussels, Belgium, its successor is going to be manufactured by SEAT at the Martorell factory in Spain and is expected to be launched at some point in 2018 as a 2019MY.
Photos: Automedia
April 24 (UPI) -- An Indiana zoo confirmed that a giraffe escaped from its enclosure and ran loose for about two hours, but never left zoo grounds.
The Fort Wayne Children's Zoo said Thabisa, the zoo's youngest female reticulated giraffe, snapped the cables surrounding their enclosure around noon Monday by repeatedly running into them.
Thabisa made their way to a fenced parking lot that officials said was not available to the public. They were seen running around the parking lot and nearby buildings for about two hours. They were captured about 2 p.m.
"Thanks for all of your concern for their safety, but after realizing our nonpublic parking lot outside the giraffe barn wasn't that exciting, they decided to go back into the barn all on their own," the zoo, which opened for the season on Saturday, said in a statement issued to WANE-TV. "She remained on zoo property for the duration of their adventure, and is now resting safely behind the scenes."
The zoo said officials are re-evaluating the security of the giraffe exhibit and will take extra steps to protect the animals and visitors.
The zoo previously made headlines for a 2004 incident involving the escape of five wildebeests that gave employees the slip while being moved to a barn for the winter. The wildebeests made their way to city streets and two later had to be euthanized as a result of injuries incurred during their time on the loose.
Scroll for more content...
Michael Cohen, who once famously asserted they would "take a bullet" to protect the President, has apparently reversed course -- now that the gun is locked and loaded, so to speak.
The ammunition, of course, is the looming possibility of a criminal indictment any day now by federal prosecutors in Manhattan. Cohen's recent off-camera interview with George Stephanopoulos is the strongest indication I've seen thus far in Cohen's ongoing legal saga that they will likely cooperate with federal prosecutors.
Cohen, Trump's longtime attorney and consigliere, is the subject of a federal criminal investigation led by the FBI and the US attorney for the Southern District of New York, which executed an April 9 raid for evidence on Cohen's home, office and hotel room. The criminal referral to the Southern District reportedly came from special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russians to influence the 2016 election.
While both Mueller and the Southern District prosecutors appear leak-proof (to their credit) -- meaning the public gets information regarding their methodology or the evidence they've gathered only through court filings -- it seems fairly obvious that the inciting factor leading to the underlying Cohen investigation has to do with the alleged "hush money" payout to adult film star Stephanie Clifford (a.k.a. Stormy Daniels). They claim they had a consensual affair with Donald Trump in 2006, as detailed in their original 2011 interview with In Touch (Trump has denied this affair).
That alleged "hush money" episode, the messy details of which are currently the subject of Cohen's civil case in California, concerns the now infamously bungled nondisclosure agreement between Clifford and Essential Consultants LLC. This is the Delaware limited liability company that Cohen created and that was used in both the $130,000 payment to Clifford and also implicated in the $1.6 million payment offer to a former Playboy model who allegedly had an affair with top Republican National Committee official Elliott Broidy (he has since resigned).
Sleaze factor notwithstanding, in many cases, nondisclosure agreements are legal. The issue with this particular payment has to do with the nature and circumstances surrounding the payment. Specifically, the amount was well above the legal limit set by the Federal Election Commission for a campaign contribution, was paid just days before the election, and concerned alleged conduct that occurred years ago.
Some have rightly noted that a violation of federal election laws could result in nothing more than a fine by the Federal Election Committee. But Cohen put the "who knew what, when" issue back in the spotlight during their Stephanopoulos interview when they declined to comment -- on advice of counsel -- on whether or not Trump had directed them to pay the $130,000 to Ms. Clifford, calling into question what Trump told reporters on Air Force One in April (that Trump did not know about the $130,000 payment to Clifford made, remember, just days before the 2016 election, and that they did not know where the money came from.).
The presence of Cohen's new counsel -- who likely advised them not to comment on the issue -- is yet another indication that they are looking to cooperate with federal prosecutors in an effort to secure leniency in sentencing for any crimes with which they may be charged; Cohen is reportedly hiring Guy Petrillo, a former head of the criminal division for the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, to represent him.
It is no secret in white collar criminal defense circles that defendants looking to "cut a deal," or get a cooperation agreement with prosecutors, often hire a former Assistant United States Attorney from the prosecuting office.
Additionally, since prosecutors have not indicted Cohen (the Southern District case pertains only to the issue of a privileged review of the documents seized in the April 9 raid on Cohen's premises), there is still time for Cohen to engage in multiple "proffer sessions"-- that is, meetings with prosecutors during which they agree not to use their statements against them in future prosecutions -- across multiple jurisdictions in the hopes of reducing the overall severity or number of charges that might potentially bring against him.
Yet some have pointed out that if Cohen were actually interested in cooperating with the feds, the proper course of conduct would have been to have their attorney contact the prosecutors on the case, rather than do an on-the-record interview with one of the most famous journalists in the world. This apparent head-scratcher has led some to wonder if Cohen's overture is therefore simply a veiled attempt to ask Trump for a pardon (which Trump seems to be fond of doing as of late).
I don't give Cohen that much credit, though. As has proven true in this entire saga, this case is being tried in the media just as much as its being tried in the courtroom, and I wouldn't be surprised if even Cohen doesn't draw a distinction at this point.
Cohen is standing on the edge of a precipice, and in my assessment he's beginning to understand the value of their decades' worth of knowledge regarding the President and the Trump Organization: that it may now hold the keys to their freedom.
May 2 Allahabad Bank
* Retirement of Rakesh Sethi, chairperson and managing director from bank's services upon superannuation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
San Diego Padres third baseman Christian Villanueva (22) squeezes powder onto Hunter Renfroe, center, after Renfroe drove in the winning run against the Miami Marlins in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in San Diego. The Padres won 3-2. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
San Diego Padres third baseman Christian Villanueva (22) squeezes powder onto Hunter Renfroe, center, after Renfroe drove in the winning run against the Miami Marlins in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in San Diego. The Padres won 3-2. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
SAN DIEGO (AP) - Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year. The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game, the third-lowest average in the majors, and got more measly support Wednesday.
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. They surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. They struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of their last three starts and was relying on their slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. They allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, J.T Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued their hot streak with their third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, their fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Richard retired the first 10 batters they faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit their third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-center.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) has resumed their throwing program after meeting with team doctors.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with their second career start against the Padres. They beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes their fifth start of the season, which matches their total from the previous two years. They worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
Less than two years before the 9/11 attacks, an Algerian named Ahmed Ressam tried to cross from Canada into the United States to bomb the Los Angeles Airport. This is one of 15 stories the Citizen presents as part of its ongoing Canada 150 coverage.
“The fire is on. And it's coming.”
With those cryptic words, a plot to unleash a devastating terror attack on the United States was set in motion by a Canadian-based jihadist group.
At that moment, in December 1999, a short, slender Algerian named Ahmed Ressam was the most dangerous man on the continent: The trunk of their rented Chrysler sedan was packed with high explosives and powdered fertilizer. They were headed for a ferry terminal that would take them from Victoria to Washington State.
Their plan was to detonate a massive explosion inside the Los Angeles International Airport as passengers travelled to welcome the new millennium.
The terror attack that would define the early 21st century, 9/11, was less than two years away.
Ressam, who never made it past U.S. customs, would end up providing U.S. officials with an early warning of the destruction to come – it went largely unheeded – while highlighting embarrassing security flaws in Canada.
The case would reverberate for years inside the Canadian security establishment, and contribute to the government's overreaction to the 9/11 terror attacks. Six Canadian citizens, including Ottawa's Maher Arar and Abdullah Almalki, would be tortured in other countries as Canadian security agents scrambled to identify potential threats – that is, more Ressams.
•
Ahmed Ressam grew up in a small, seaside village in Algeria, the first-born son of a government chauffeur who had fought in the war of independence against France. Ahmed was good at mathematics and loved soccer, but was plagued by stomach pain that cost them time in school.
They failed their university entrance exams, went to work in a café, and fled Algeria as the country descended into civil war in September 1992.
Ressam travelled to France, where they lived for a year until being charged with immigration violations. In February 1994, facing deportation to Algeria, they boarded a Montreal-bound Air Canada flight with a phoney French passport.
Canadian customs officials arrested Ressam, but they claimed political asylum after concocting a story about being tortured in Algeria. Their refugee claim was rejected, but Ressam was allowed to stay in the country because Canada did not deport people to the chaos of Algeria in the mid-1990s.
Ressam joined Montreal's burgeoning population of Algerian refugees and immigrants, and supplemented their welfare cheques by shoplifting, pickpocketing and stealing luggage from tourists.
An Algerian immigrant named Fateh Kamel enlisted Ressam to supply them with stolen travel documents, which they sold to would-be jihadists worldwide.
That brought Ressam to the attention of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) as early as July 1996. They were not the focus of the spy agency's investigation, and agents considered them a minor player in Kamel's scheme.
At a local mosque, Ressam met Raouf Hannachi, a middle-aged Tunisian-Canadian who praised the merits of jihad, and boasted of their time at Osama bin Laden's Khalden camp in Afghanistan.
Ressam was receptive to the idea of joining the holy war, particularly since their status in Canada was increasingly uncertain: They had been arrested three times for theft and had failed to report to immigration officials. A nationwide warrant for their arrest was issued in September 1998.
But by then, the failed refugee claimant was already in Afghanistan. What's more, Ressam had also assumed a new identity: Benni Antoine Noris, 28, of Montreal.
They had obtained a Canadian passport using a forged baptismal certificate from a Montreal church and a counterfeit Université de Montreal student card. It was all the ID that the passport office required at the time.
Using their new passport, Ressam travelled to Afghanistan, where they joined the Khalden camp, a training facility funded and administered by al-Qaida. They learned to use machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades; how to conduct assassinations and urban assaults. They were schooled in the use of cyanide and the manufacture of explosives.
They also began discussions with their fellow Algerians at the camp about deploying their newfound skills against targets in the United States. A loose plan took shape: to conduct a series of robberies that would finance an attack on the eve of the new millennium.
Ressam used their fake Canadian passport to fly back to Canada. Packed in their luggage, in toiletry bottles, were two bomb-making components — hexamine tablets and glycol — along with some assembly instructions.
In August, they began to prepare for their mission. Ressam bought electronic components and built four timing devices, while criss-crossing the country to stockpile urea fertilizer in British Columbia. Mixed with nitric acid, the fertilizer becomes highly explosive.
Canadian authorities had at least one opportunity to stop Ressam's gathering plot.
In April 1999, a French terrorist hunter, magistrate Jean-Louis Bruguière, sent an official request to Canadian officials, asking that they track down Ressam. Bruguière said they believed Ressam was part of a passport smuggling ring, based in France, with ties to international terrorism.
An RCMP officer was assigned the case in June, but couldn't find Ressam, who was living in Canada as Benni Noris. CSIS had also lost track of him.
In November, Ressam flew to Vancouver and met an old friend, Abdelmajid Dahoumane; they rented a motel room and converted it into a crude bomb-making factory. The chemicals they used were so caustic that the men kept the windows open even as temperatures dipped below freezing. The malaria that Ressam had contracted in Afghanistan recurred.
On the morning of Dec. 14, the men packed the explosives into the spare wheel well of Ressam's rented Chrysler, and took the ferry to Victoria.
Believing (wrongly) that a single man would raise less suspicion, Dahoumane left and Ressam drove alone on to the ferry, the M.V. Coho, bound for Port Angeles, Washington. They waited for all the other cars to leave the ferry before driving to U.S. Customs.
It was 6 p.m. Theirs was the last car from the last ferry of the day at the Port Angeles terminal.
Customs inspector Diana Dean leaned toward Ressam's open window. They asked the usual questions: Where are you going? Why are you going to Seattle?
Ressam gave one-word answers: “Seattle.” “Visit.” Dean didn't like the way they fidgeted; they thought they looked nervous and sweaty. “Hinky,” they would later say.
They had them fill out a custom declaration as a stalling tactic before deciding to refer them for a secondary inspection. Dean told them to get out of the car and open the trunk. They suspected they might be a smuggler.
Two other customs officers joined the inspection, since they were waiting to close the station. One inspector searched the trunk, then opened the spare tire compartment: It was stuffed with garbage bags, a few boxes, some pill bottles and two jars of a mysterious brown liquid.
Ressam wriggled free from the customs agent holding them and bolted, running towards downtown Port Angeles.
The customs officers gave chase. Ressam tried to commandeer a car, but the driver stepped on the gas, sending them spinning to the ground. The officers hauled them back to the terminal where they were turned over to Port Angeles police and placed in the back of a cruiser.
The investigators poured over the contents of Ressam's car; they were convinced they were a drug smuggler since the garbage bags were filled with a white powder. A customs agent shook one of the mystery jars.
A wide-eyed Ressam ducked to the floor of the cruiser.
It would be days before tests revealed that the jar contained a nitro-glycerine equivalent known as EGDN. The high explosive was one of four bomb components in the car trunk.
Diana Dean later told reporters: “My heart dropped right into my toes when I realized what it was.”
In April 2001, after a four-week trial in Los Angeles, Ressam was convicted of nine charges in connection with the bomb plot. One month later, they agreed to co-operate with U.S. authorities in exchange for a more lenient sentence.
In the six months leading to 9/11, Ressam met with U.S. investigators 22 times and testified in New York against one of their co-conspirators. Some of the intelligence gathered from Ressam was included in the prophetic presidential briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, “Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.”
In the days after 9/11, Ressam confirmed that the so-called “20th hijacker,” Zacarias Moussaoui, had attended the Khalden terrorist training camp. Had the FBI known and acted upon that information sooner, the 9/11 Commission Report says, agents might have been able to gain a warrant to search Moussaoui's computer, and obtain the breakthrough they needed to disrupt the 9/11 plot.
Ressam's treatment deteriorated post 9/11 as authorities pressed them for more and more detailed information. They spoke with security agents from seven countries, including Canada, and provided the names of 150 people involved in terrorism, according to court reports.
But, fed up with the endless demands and their harsh prison conditions, Ressam stopped co-operating with authorities in February 2003. They recanted much of their evidence.
They were sentenced in October 2012 to 37 years in prison and is now serving that term at a maximum security facility in Colorado. Ressam is not scheduled to be released until December 2032, when he'll be 65.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Federal delays are slowing down the City of Ottawa as it attempts to finalize plans to build a new main municipal library with Library and Archives Canada.
The news was in a memo to council on Wednesday from planning general manager Stephen Willis, who told politicians that the city can't do much more until the government signs off on the scheme for a $168-million joint facility on LeBreton Flats.
“As city and library processes and approvals are dependent on the federal government approvals, staff are not able to proceed with a report at this time,” Willis wrote in the memo.
A spokesperson for Library and Archives Canada told the Citizen in an email that the agency is still analyzing issues regarding ownership, governance and operations.
“We are continuing to work with the Ottawa Public Library and the City of Ottawa on this potential collaboration,” according to Richard Provencher, head of communications at Library and Archives Canada. “This collaboration between federal and municipal levels is unprecedented. It is just taking us a bit longer than we had originally anticipated.”
Provencher said federal departments are working to make sure the government can make a decision in “the coming few months.”
In February, council directed city staff to work with Ottawa Public Library staff on a funding strategy for the $99-million municipal contribution and report back to the library board and council in June.
At the same time, the city has been trying to figure out how to build parking spaces into the project. A recommendation was supposed to land on council's agenda this past March, but the city told the Citizen last month that it needed until June and July to send a report to the library board and council, respectively.
The $168-million estimate doesn't include the cost for a parking structure.
There is not yet a revised timeline for a report on the project implementation.
The preferred location for a new main library and Library and Archives Canada facility is 557 Wellington St., which is at the corner of Albert and Commissioner streets, west of Bronson Avenue. The city owns the land and council has signed off on the location for a new super library.
The city has started the process to find an architect for the project, but a design contract can't be awarded until there's a signed agreement between the city and Library and Archives Canada to build the facility.
Meanwhile, the city's real estate branch has been tasked with finding a buyer for the current main library building on Metcalfe Street. The revenue could help pay for the city's portion of the new joint facility.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Lottie Sugdon, 102, of Falcon Heights, died Nov. 22, 2017.
Lottie grew up in Glyndon, Minn., and graduated with a degree in home economics from North Dakota State University in Fargo. They enjoyed cooking, gardening and the outdoors. They loved their work as food judge at the Minnesota State Fair for more than 30 years.
Lottie was preceded in death by their husband, Malcolm E. Sugden; parents; and three brothers.  They are survived by their children, Byron (Ann), Lisa (Gene) Gaetke, Paul (Barb), Penny (Jim) Langland and Mark (Betty); eight grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.
A memorial service will be held Wednesday, Dec. 20 at Waverly Gardens Chapel, 5919 Centerville Road, North Oaks, with private interment at Roselawn Cemetery.
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
The Dutchman had been angry after qualifying when they felt their best qualifying effort had been ruined when Felipe Massa dived in front of them on their preparation lap. Asked afterwards in a written media session whether they planned to speak to Massa about the incident, Verstappen said in a joking manner: “Well, he's a Brazilian – so there's not much to discuss.”
However, Verstappen's comment did not go down well in Brazil and prompted widespread criticisms from fans and some drivers. Felipe Massa subsequently spoke to Verstappen ahead of the Bahrain GP and warned them to watch their words because Brazilians were not happy.
In light of the ongoing controversy, Verstappen was moved on Monday to post on their Facebook account that they were sorry for any offence they had caused.
“I feel like I need to clarify my remarks that were made after this weekend's (sic) qualifying session,” they posted.
“Being a passionate racer, I was very disappointed with my last stint and gave an emotional reaction that was taken out of context.
“By no means did I mean to insult the Brazilian people who I greatly respect and are always very nice to me when I visit the country.
“One of the highlights of my career was last years [sic] Brazilian GP and it was extra special to do this in the country that brought us legendary drivers such as Senna, Fittipaldi and Piquet.
“I would like to apologize to any Brazilians that feel offended and look forward to racing in your country again.”
At last year's Brazilian GP, Verstappen delivered one of their best drives as they charged through the field in wet conditions to finish third.
Dudley Lang knows a thing or two about Cajun cooking. And sometimes, you need a cool counterpoint to all that spicy Cajun cooking.
This broccoli salad has plenty of flavor, and it will cool down your tongue, too.
Dudley's special broccoli salad with bacon by Dudley's Cajun Cafe
Ingredients:
6 cups broccoli florets
1/4 cup chopped purple onion
1 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
grape or cherry tomatoes, halved
crumbled cooked bacon
sharp cheddar cheese, grated
Method
Combine mayo, sugar and vinegar. Pour over broccoli florets and onion. Mix, cover, and refrigerate overnight.
Just before serving, add halved tomatoes, crumbled bacon, and cheese. Stir to combine. Enjoy!
Several known associates of the Red Scorpion gang have been charged following a multi-month investigation targeting drug trafficking activities in Kamloops, says an RCMP representative.
The charges are a result of multiple operations undertaken by the Kamloops Targeted Enforcement Unit between October 2016 and March 2017, said Cpl. Jodi Shelkie.
The first was on Dec. 1, 2016, when a vehicle was stopped north of Merritt. A substantial quantity of Canadian currency was seized as a result of a search of that vehicle.
Charges were laid against the driver, Gregory Wilson of Coquitlam as well as Brandon Chappell of Kamloops for Possession of Property Obtained by Crime Over $5,000.
Following that, Kamloops RCMP executed search warrants on Jan. 14 at the Heavy Metal Gym and the residence of Chappell.
Related: Red Scorpions co-founder killed in Kamloops shooting
Within Chappell's home police allege they located another substantial quantity of Canadian cash, drugs and a firearm.
As a result, additional charges were laid against Chappell for Possession of Property Obtained by Crime Over $5,000, Possession of a Controlled Substance for the Purpose of Trafficking and Unlawful Possession of a Firearm.
On March 30, Kamloops RCMP again executed search warrants at the residence of Chappell and additionally Erwin Dagle of Kamloops.
“Within Chappell's home police located a large sum of Canadian currency resulting in a third charge of Possession of Property Obtained by Crime,” said Shelkie.
“Within the home of Dagle, police located and seized a large sum of Canadian currency, bulk supplies of cocaine, methamphetamine, heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil which resulted in five counts of Possession of a Controlled Substance for the Purpose of Trafficking and Possession of Property Obtained by Crime.”
Related: Kamloops turf war for drug trade
During the course of these investigations, Kamloops RCMP seized $191,445.00 in cash, 1.3 kg of cocaine, 56 grams of heroin, 448 grams of fentanyl, 717 grams of methamphetamine, 231 grams of MDMA and one firearm.
Additional operations were executed by the Kamloops Targeted Enforcement Unit following these events.
“These operations included the arrest of street -level traffickers and the subsequent execution of a search warrant into a hotel room within Kamloops during which time additional bulk supplies of controlled substances were seized,” said Shelkie.
“These matters have been forwarded to Crown for charge approval against several other persons associated to this group.”
On the evening of Dec. 7, Chappell, 30, and Dagle, 23, were both arrested in Kamloops without incident.
An arrest warrant for Gregory Wilson, 29, remains outstanding.
All three men were previously known to police.
Related: Gang life laid out in Bacon shooting trial
“Kamloops RCMP prioritize the investigation of violent organized crime groups who traffic drugs in our community. The investigations are lengthy and complex in nature as the targets are typically sophisticated and dedicate their full time to committing these crimes as secretly as possible,” said Staff Sgt. Simon Pillay.
“This case is an example of the motivated nature of those allegedly involved. Despite overt enforcement action, these drug activities continued on until those involved were eventually arrested and charged.”
Shelkie said gangs and their associates have a “callous disregard for the safety of others” when disputes erupt.
“Kamloops RCMP's number one focus is to keep our community safe. We will continue to take strong enforcement action against those individuals and groups that involve themselves in the drug trade and any activities involving violence that supports the drug culture,” said Shelkie.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
“Drugs Seized from DAGLE's Residence. March 30, 2017.” Image credit: Kamloops RCMP
“Cash Seized from CHAPPELL's Residence. March 30, 2017.” Image credit: Kamloops RCMP
ISTANBUL (AP) - Turkey's president says allied Syrian forces have taken control of town center of Afrin, driving out Kurdish militia.
Two former students will play against Hartpury for Doncaster Knights at the Gillman's Ground this weekend.
Knights hooker Ben Hunter and centre Andrew Bulumakau will revisit the college on Saturday as Doncaster play Hartpury for the first time in their history.
Captain Michael Hills returns to the Knights starting XV, having been withdrawn from the match day squad to face London Scottish last weekend.
The openside-flanker lines up alongside Matt Challinor and Alex Shaw in the back row in what is the Knights very first fixture against Hartpury.
Tom Hicks and Morgan Eames continue as the starting locks behind the usual front row trio of Richard List, Colin Quigley and Hunter.
In the backs, Tom James is handed their first Championship start at scrum half having featured from the bench in all five competitive fixtures so far this season. Simon Humberstone shows no ill effects from a knock sustained last weekend and starts at standoff.
In midfield Will Owen wears the twelve jersey alongside Bulumakau. Tyson Lewis starts on the left wing with Curtis Wilson continuing on the right hand side and Junior Bulumakau at full-back.
Kick-off on Saturday is at 2.30pm at the Gillman's Ground.
Doncaster Knights team to play Hartpury: 15. J. Bulumakau, 14. C. Wilson, 13. A. Bulumakau, 12. W. Owen, 11. T. Lewis, 10. S. Humberstone, 9. T. James; 1. R. List, 2. B. Hunter, 3. C. Quigley, 4. M. Eames, 5. T. Hicks, 6. M. Challinor, 7. M. Hills (captain), 8. A. Shaw. Replacements: 16. D. Nelson, 17. O. Evans, 18. J. Sproston, 19. J. Hill, 20. S. Jones, 21. M. Heaney, 22. D. Cusack.
Share. "... That is a key focus." "... That is a key focus."
Nintendo knows it's not meeting Switch demand currently, but the company is working to improve the situation.
"What we are doing, as quickly as we can, is scaling up the production to make more available into the marketplace, to get to the point where every consumer who wants a Nintendo Switch can find a Nintendo Switch," Reggie Fils-Aime, Nintendo of America's president and chief operating officer told IGN in an interview at E3 2017.
"That's what we're trying to get to. I'm not going to tell you when we'll get there, but our goal is to improve our supply chain so that more product is available to more consumers. And that is a key focus."
Nintendo sold over 900,000 Switch systems in March in the United States, followed by over 280,000 in April. Worldwide, Nintendo sold more than 2.74 million Switch consoles in its launch month, surpassing the company's original goal of 2 million.
GameStop has even said that Nintendo Switch shortages are expected throughout the year.
Now on top of talking about the hybrid system's stock issues, Fils-Aime also discussed at E3 how Nintendo wants all the biggest third-party games on Switch.
For every announcement and interview from E3, visit IGN's E3 2017 event hub.
Evan Campbell is a freelance writer who scripts the Daily Fix, streams games on their Twitch channel, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
DURHAM, N.C. -- Researchers have developed a water cloaking concept based on electromagnetic forces that could eliminate an object's wake, greatly reducing its drag while simultaneously helping it avoid detection.
The idea originated at Duke University in 2011 when researchers outlined the general concept. By matching the acceleration of the surrounding water to an object's movement, it would theoretically be possible to greatly increase its propulsion efficiency while leaving the surrounding sea undisturbed. The theory was an extension of the group's pioneering work in metamaterials, where a material's structure, rather than its chemistry, creates desired properties.
Six years later, Yaroslav Urzhumov, adjunct assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at Duke, has updated the theory by detailing a potential approach. But rather than using a complex system of very small pumps as originally speculated, Urzhumov is turning to electromagnetic fields and the dense concentration of charged particles found in saltwater.
The study appears online in the journal Physical Review E on December 7, 2017.
"The original idea was so big that it enticed colleagues at the Naval Undersea Warfare Center to help us pursue it, even though they were incredibly skeptical," said Urzhumov, who was among the researchers who worked on the original 2011 paper. "Since then, we have identified a path to materializing this seemingly impossible proposal."
The crux of the issue being addressed is that water is a relatively viscous liquid that, when moved, likes to pull its surroundings along for the ride through shear forces. A fish feels much heavier being pulled through the water than lifted through open air because of all the water dragged along with it.
Besides essentially pulling extra water, drag can also be increased by how water flows around an object. An hydrodynamic object with fluid flowing smoothly along its surface creates much less drag than a blocky object that creates a mess of chaotic, turbulent flows in its wake.
The solution to these issues is to move the water out of the way. By accelerating the water around the object to match its speed, shear forces and turbulent flows can both be avoided.
"There are many ways to reduce wake and drag, like surrounding an object with low-friction bubbles, which is actually done with some naval torpedoes," said Urzhumov. "But there's only so much you can do if you're just applying forces at the surface. This cloaking idea opens a new dimension to create forces around an underwater vessel or object, which is absolutely required to achieve full wake cancellation."
Urzhumov originally envisioned a sort of truss-like frame enveloping an object with thin structures and tiny pumps to accelerate its flow as it passed through. But as time went by, they decided a more practical approach would be to use "magnetohydrodynamic" forces.
When a charged particle travels through an electromagnetic field, the field creates a force on the particle. Because ocean water is chock full of ions like sodium, potassium and magnesium, there are a lot of charged particles to push. The idea isn't as crazy as it may sound -- Japan built a prototype passenger ship in 1991 called the Yamato 1 using these forces as a means of propulsion, but found the approach was not more efficient than traditional propellers.
In the new paper, Urzhumov and their graduate student, Dean Culver, use fluid dynamics simulations to show how a water cloak might be achieved using this approach. By controlling the velocity and direction of the water surrounding a moving object, the simulations show such a system can match the water's movement within the cloak to that of the surrounding sea.
This would make it appear that the water inside the cloak is completely stagnant in relation to the water outside of the cloak, eliminating the drag and wake. Of course, practical implementations aren't perfect, so some drag and wake would remain in any realization of the device.
While the simulations used a cloaking shell half the width of the object itself, the calculations show the shell could theoretically be as thin as you wanted it to be. Another important result was that the forces inside the shell would not have to change directions as the object sped up, they would only need more power.
"That is one of the major achievements of this paper," said Urzhumov. "If you don't have to adjust the distribution of forces, you don't need any electronic switches or other means of dynamic control. You can set the structure with a specific configuration and simply crank up the current as the object speeds up."
Urzhumov says that for an actual ship or submarine to ever use such a device, it would need a nuclear reactor to power it, given the enormous energy requirements to cloak an object of that size. That does not mean, however, that a smaller diesel vessel could not power a smaller cloaking device to shield potentially vulnerable protrusions from detection.
Urzhumov also says that their theories and calculations have many potential applications outside of the ocean. Similar designs could be used to create a distributed ion propulsion system for spacecraft or to suppress plasma instabilities in prototypes for thermonuclear fusion reactors.
"I believe these ideas are going to flourish in several of these fields," said Urzhumov. "It is a very exciting time."
###
This research was supported by the Office of Naval Research through the Naval Undersea Research Program (N00014-13-1-0743) and the Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative (MURI) (N00014-13-1-0631).
"Forced Underwater Laminar Flows with Active Magnetohydrodynamic Metamaterials." Dean Culver and Yaroslav Urzhumov. Physical Review E, 2017. DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevE.96.063107
BOISE, Idaho (AP) — A 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their own birthday party died Monday, two days after a man invaded the celebration and stabbed nine people, authorities said.
Scroll for more content...
Timmy Kinner is accused of attacking a group of children and the adults who tried to protect them at the party at an apartment complex that is home to many refugee families.
Word of the child's death came at Kinner's first court appearance, where a judge told them that they were charged with first-degree murder and other felonies in connection with the Saturday night attack.
Kinner is American, and the victims are members of refugee families from Syria, Iraq and Ethiopia. Boise Police Chief William Bones said the evidence does not suggest the attack was a hate crime.
The suspect had recently stayed at the apartment complex but was asked to leave Friday over bad behavior, Bones said.
The 30-year-old, who is being held without bond, said they wanted to represent themselves in court. But the judge ordered that they be appointed a public defender anyway.
Kinner had recently been a guest at the complex but was asked to leave Friday over bad behavior. They returned the next evening and began attacking people, police said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Rescue workers bring a person into an ambulance outside the main station in Flensburg, northern Germany, Thursday, May 30, 2018 after one person has been killed and two injured in a knife attack on a long-distance train. (Sebastian Iwersen/nordpresse mediendienst/dpa via AP)
Rescue workers bring a person into an ambulance outside the main station in Flensburg, northern Germany, Thursday, May 30, 2018 after one person has been killed and two injured in a knife attack on a long-distance train. (Sebastian Iwersen/nordpresse mediendienst/dpa via AP)
BERLIN (AP) - Police say one man has been killed and two people injured in a knife attack on a train in the northern German city of Flensburg.
Federal police said in a statement the incident took place Wednesday at around 7 p.m. local time.
They said the details of the attack were not clear yet, but that one of the injured was a 22-year-old female police officer. The statement said they appeared to have used their pistol, suggesting they may have killed the man.
German daily Bild reported that following a dispute, one man attacked another man with a knife and then a police officer who was called to intervene.
The German news agency dpa reported the Flensburg main train station had been evacuated and service to Flensburg had been interrupted temporarily.
FULLY digital screens are replacing speedometers and dials in vehicles, making industry leader Japan Display Inc. (JDI) optimistic about boosting sales to global carmakers.
While most new models usually have a center information panel for maps, entertainment and other functions, manufacturers are also increasingly replacing the dashboard facing the driver with a flat screen. Look inside the latest BMW or Mercedes-Benz, chances are Japan Display made the panel.
Replacing instrument clusters with screens is challenging, because they need to be more reliable and withstand swings in temperature, while providing critical information for the driver. That also makes them more expensive and lets display suppliers demand higher margins, making them an attractive enterprise. Japan Display, the world's biggest supplier of panels in cars, is betting that the shift to electric vehicles will make screens the key selling point for any car as drivers pay more attention to the interior aesthetics of automobiles than what's under the hood.
“It used to be all about the engine — how many cylinders, how much horse power, the sound of it — but with electric vehicles that's all gone,” Holder Gerkens, who heads JDI's automotive business, said in an interview. “How do you create attraction? You can do a lot with displays.”
Digital dashboard also offer advantages for drivers, for example changing the style and amount of information for different driving modes, making maps more prominent when needed. For now, they are mostly used in high-end cars made by Audi, Mercedes-Benz and some supercar manufacturers.
The Japanese company controlled 19% of the $6.7-billion global market for automotive displays last year, according to IHS Markit. LG Display was second with 14%.
Sluggish global smartphone sales, which make up about 80% of revenue, are behind JDI's bid to increase automotive sales. In addition, Apple, Inc., the company's biggest customer, is shifting to next-generation organic light-emitting diode displays, which JDI doesn't produce in mass quantities. Samsung Electronics Co. and LG Display Co. supply most of the world's OLED screens.
Adoption of OLEDs in cars will probably take longer. Unlike liquid-crystal displays, OLED pixels can glow on their own and do not require a backlight, which makes them thinner and more energy efficient. These are significant advantages when it comes to smartphones, but automakers are likely to be more concerned with OLED's limited lifetime and considerably higher price, Gerkens said.
Japanese companies were the first in the world to commercialize flat-panel technology, but couldn't keep up with South Korean and Taiwanese rivals in capital investment and price competition. JDI was created in 2012 in a merger of the troubled screen-making units of Toshiba Corp., Sony Corp., and Hitachi Ltd. JDI embraced a strategy of focusing on higher-quality, smaller-sized screens, which has helped it to gain a key foothold in the car industry.
“We are moving away from flat rectangular shaped displays,” Gerkens said. “The future will be more and more design driven.” — Bloomberg
ISTANBUL/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities on Friday ordered the detention of 13 people for supporting the national medical association online, the Hurriyet newspaper reported, after the organisation publicly opposed a military campaign in Syria.
A prosecutor this week ordered the detention of 11 senior members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB), including its chairperson, after the organisation criticised the incursion into Syria's Afrin, saying “No to war, peace immediately”. President Tayyip Erdoğan accused the body of treason.
Three of the medical association members were later released on probation after appearing at an Ankara court on Friday, Hurriyet reported.
More than 300 people have been detained over social media posts that “criticised, opposed or misrepresented” the Afrin campaign, which started nearly two weeks ago, the government has said.
Among the 13 people targeted by the latest detention warrants was the gay rights activist Ali Erol, who had tweeted “War is a public health problem. #WeStandWithTTB”, their organisation said. Another person was detained after tweeting “War is death, destruction, blood and tears. #NoToWar”, other local media reported.
Authorities also raided the residence of a lawyer who had publicly read the statement from the medical association, a lawmaker from the main opposition said.
“They don't want to let anyone breathe,” Baris Yarkadas, of the Republican People's Party (CHP), said on Twitter.
‘RULE OF LAW'
The crackdown on some of Turkey's top doctors has drawn international criticism from the European union, rights group Amnesty International and the World Medical Association, which has called for their protection and an immediate end to the legal proceedings.
The doctors' detentions were “worrying developments undermining the rule of law and independence and impartiality of the judiciary in Turkey”, EU Commissioner Johannes Hahn and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said in a statement.
The main business lobby warned that a crackdown on self-expression increased polarisation and weakened the fight against terrorism.
“While battling terror, a Turkey that defends its freedoms and protects its variety of views will come out of this fight successfully,” TUSIAD said.
Erdoğan's critics see the latest arrests as emblematic of the purge that has followed a failed 2016 coup. More than 50,000 people have been arrested and 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs, moves the government says are necessary given the multiple security threats Turkey faces.
Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies fear Erdoğan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent and crush their opponents. Freedom House, a Washington-based watchdog, downgraded Turkey to “not free” from “partly free” in an annual report last month.
Turkey launched its Afrin operation, dubbed “Operation Olive Branch”, nearly two weeks ago to target Kurdish YPG fighters near its southern border. Turkey sees the militia as a terrorist group and an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
Separately, authorities on Thursday ordered the detention of another 13 people in three provinces for protesting against the offensive, police said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dog waste and plastic bags would be allowed in green bins by mid-2019 under a proposed alteration to city's contract with Orgaworld, while stopping taxpayer money from being thrown away under the deal.
The city reveals the proposal in a lengthy report to council published Monday night, raising the possibility of finally ending years of disputes with the company and potentially making the green bin a more popular choice for families who have turned their noses to recycling organic waste.
“The negotiations concluded in December 2017, and have resulted in a recommended amended Orgaworld contract that will, for the remaining 12 years of the contract, provide better value to the city than the status quo,” the report says.
Accepting dog waste and plastic bags would cost the city another $626,000 annually, the report says. The number could change each year depending on inflation and the city's growth. The city says the average household would pay 15 cents extra per month. It would be better than the current terms of the contract, which say the cost would be $3.5 million annually for dog waste and plastic bags, the report says.
Allowing plastic bags in the green bin has been seen as the difference-maker in getting more households to separate their organics from the regular garbage. The city has heard that people are grossed out by keeping food scraps in a paper bag or newspapers. Under the proposed changes, households won't have to buy special bags for the bins; they can just use a plastic bag.
The rejigged agreement would keep the city as the Orgaworld plant's primary customer and avoid having the company accept out-of-city residential waste, including diapers and sanitary waste.
Green bin pickup started in 2010 under a 20-year contract with Orgaworld. The city also transitioned to biweekly garbage pickup, but it kept alternating pickup weeks between the black bin and blue bin. According to the city, the scheme has saved about $10 million since 2012.
The city and Orgaworld have had an acrimonious relationship. Legal disputes continue to their day. One of the longest-standing disagreements has to do with whether or not Orgaworld should accept leaf and yard waste.
A scathing audit of the green bin program released in 2014 revealed that an annual 80,000-tonne “put-or-pay” requirement under the contract was unrealistic. The proposed new agreement would eliminate payments to Orgaworld for capacity not used by the city and drop the put-or-pay weight to 75,000 tonnes, avoiding $2.7 million in throwaway costs.
While the auditor general suggested the city consider cancelling the green bin contract, the city believes it would only cost taxpayers more money and tie them up in more litigation. It wouldn't stop Orgaworld from continuing to operate by taking organic waste from other municipalities, the city says.
The proposed new deal would end all legal disputes.
According to the report, Orgaworld would spend $9.4 million on upgrades to its plant, including $4 million for better odour control and processing measures.
Since dog waste could be accepted in green bins, the city is considering a pilot program that would put green bins in dog parks.
Compostable plastic packages, such as coffee pods, still wouldn't be allowed in the green bin.
“An improved, more convenient waste-collection service, and better value for money, are significant benefits of the proposed revised contract with Orgaworld,” Mayor Jim Watson said in a written statement. “I am pleased that the city is recommending in this report an improved approach to organics diversion, making it easier for residents to keep this material out of our landfills and ending an ongoing legal conflict with our contractor.”
The city is aiming to sign the new contract with Orgaworld by May 1.
Council's environment committee will consider the contract changes during a meeting next Monday. Council will then be asked to ratify the committee's decision two days later.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
CAIRO, Egypt — Egyptian President Abdel Fattah Al Sisi hosted their Sudanese counterpart Omar Al Bashir for talks in Cairo on Monday, with the pair pledging to boost cooperation after tensions between their neighbouring countries.
Bashir's visit comes two weeks after the reinstatement of Sudan's ambassador to Cairo following their recall to Khartoum in January.
Ties deteriorated between Egypt and Sudan last year when Bashir accused Egypt's intelligence services of supporting opposition forces fighting their troops in the country's conflict zones like Darfur.
One bone of contention is Egypt's administration of the Halayeb triangle, in a mineral-rich border area near the Red Sea, which Sudan claims as its own.
“We reiterate the eternal brotherly relations and common links that unite the two peoples of the Nile Valley,” Sisi said in a televised news conference following a meeting with Bashir.
In turn, Bashir said as “Egypt is now going through an election period”, their delegation “timed our visit now to reiterate our support for Egypt's stability and to support President Sisi”.
Sisi, who was elected in 2014, a year after leading the military ouster of former president Mohamed Morsi amid mass protests against him, is now seeking reelection.
Tensions also rose over a dam Ethiopia is building on the Blue Nile, which Egypt worries will be impact its share of the Nile, in which it relies almost totally on for irrigation and drinking water.
The two presidents mentioned future cooperative steps over Nile water discussions, without providing much detail.
“We agreed to start preparing to hold the joint committee [meeting], to be chaired by the two countries' presidents, during this year in Khartoum,” Sisi said.
Bashir responded that the two countries “do not have any choice but to cooperate, because truthfully this is the interest and confirmed demand of our peoples”.
Cairo argues that the 1929 and 1959 treaties grant it 87 per cent of the Nile's flow, as well as the power to veto upstream projects.
The Ethiopian dam, a project launched in 2012, is designed to feed a hydroelectric project to produce 6,000 megawatts of power, equal to six nuclear-powered plants.
April 3 Hulisani Limited:
* Acquisition in Rustmo1 Solar Farm Proprietary Limited and renewal of cautionary
* Has entered into a share sale agreement with Pravin Semnarayan and Gareth Warner to acquire Momentous Technologies Proprietary Limited
* Deal for a purchase consideration of 26,500,000 rand
* Hulisani will fund transaction with its cash reserves
* Co is in further discussions on the acquisition of additional assets within the renewable energy sector Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST STROUDSBURG, Pa. -- The manager of the women's basketball team at East Stroudsburg University got treated to an experience of a lifetime, meeting their idol, NBA star Steph Curry.
Rachel Grace was flown to a Golden State Warriors game last week by Curry themselves after they saw a video of them professing their love for him.
ESU team manager Rachel Grace got to meet their hero Friday night. Thanks so much to @StephenCurry30 for making their dream come true!https://t.co/xvfFNDMHIk pic.twitter.com/SgLxUD8p08 — ESU Warriors (@ESUWarriors) March 17, 2018
A few more photos of ESU team manager Rachel Grace meeting two-time NBA MVP @StephenCurry30 in Oakland last Friday! Full gallery available here: https://t.co/fsp8pngMBF pic.twitter.com/JQd0ixAizD — ESU Warriors (@ESUWarriors) March 19, 2018
The smile on Grace's face said a thousand words--all of pure happiness--when they met Curry after the Warriors' game Friday night in California.
And the super-talented point guard arranged for this meeting to happen after seeing a video of Grace professing their love and admiration for Curry.
“It was awesome! I liked everything about it. It was so cool,” said Grace. “He was a good guy, and I like him, and they saw my video!”
Grace is the manager of East Stroudsburg University's women's basketball team and this whole journey started with the team wanting to give them a super special Christmas gift. They made the video of Grace and sent it to Curry's team.
Curry then paid for Grace and their family to fly out to California during Grace's spring break last week, watch a game, and meet Curry.
Grace insisted that their coach and teammate come with them.
“It was so emotional. Everybody was emotional. I think they were too,” said Coach Diane Decker. “But it was unbelievable for them and their family and to watch them.”
“It's something I'll never forget. The smile that they had when they walked out was something I will remember forever. They were just so excited,” said player Ann McKnight.
And of course, Curry didn't let Grace leave empty-handed, giving them their signed jersey and a pair of theirs sneakers.
“From my experience, it was awesome. I loved everything all about it. It was the best part of my entire life,” said Grace.
Now, Grace has the story of a lifetime to spend the rest of their life retelling.
Spain sealed their place in the 2018 World Cup as Group G winners after storming to a 3-0 win over Albania on Friday with a ruthless first half display, while nearest challengers Italy were held to a 1-1 draw by Macedonia.
Valencia forward Rodrigo Moreno marked their first international start by opening the scoring in the 16th minute, chesting down an outrageously stylish pass from Isco to swivel and fire into the top corner.
Real Madrid midfielder Isco then shot high into the net in the 23rd to complete an equally impressive move of short floor passes between David Silva and Koke, while Thiago Alcantara scored the third three minutes later with a thumping header from a pinpoint cross from debutant Alvaro Odriozola.
The only downside for Spain was a shaky performance from Gerard Pique, who was booed by large sections of the Alicante crowd every time they touched the ball following their support for last Sunday's referendum on Catalan independence and was substituted by Lopetegui after an hour was up.
Despite missing influential players such as Alvaro Morata, Andres Iniesta and Dani Carvajal through injury, the 2010 world champions looked as irresistible as in their 3-0 win over Italy last month, scoring three times in the space of 11 minutes.
They set the tone with a sweeping team move early on which saw Rodrigo miss the target from a Jordi Alba cross, and the Valencia forward wasted another chance for an early goal when they headed a perfectly weighted cross from Isco wide.
Rodrigo, who was recalled to the Spain squad for the first time in three years after spearheading Valencia's impressive start to the Liga campaign, put those misses behind them with a clinical finish after being played in by Isco.
It was the start of a rampant spell from Spain which effectively put the game to bed and killed off Albania's faint hopes of a playoff place as they fell five points behind Italy, who are second in the group.
Lopetegui's side lowered their intensity after the break but still could have stretched their lead as Isco saw a free kick tipped over the crossbar and substitutes Marco Asensio and Saul Niguez each came close to getting on the scoresheet.
Spain have taken 25 points and scored a remarkable 35 goals from their nine Group G games and travel to Israel for their final qualifier on Monday with their place in Russia assured and if they can sustain this terrifying form will be one of the favourites to win the tournament.
"We decided to disclose their death to all of our employees and to the public to share the company's resolve to prevent a recurrence and follow through with reforms," NHK said.
Ryoichi Ueda, president of NHK, said Sado's parents "hoped we would take utmost efforts so that another such case won't happen again."
But Sado's parents criticized NHK's response as inadequate. In a statement published by the Asahi Shimbun on Thursday, they said they feared that their death would be forgotten and "wondered if the company would keep hiding it, or why the union kept silent."
I parents also asked why the company had not limited their daughter's working hours.
"It is an abnormal work situation to work almost every day on Saturday and Sunday, working until late at night every day, so we cannot understand why such a situation was overlooked," their statement said.
Although they did not immediately publicize their daughter's death, they said Takahashi's case had spurred them to publicly discuss it.
They also criticized NHK for not disseminating news of their daughter's death throughout the company. They said that other employees — even journalists who had reported on other cases of karoshi — did not know that one of their colleagues had died from the condition.
Karoshi, which has included the burden of entertaining clients or bosses in some industries, has long prompted calls for legislation.
The Japan Institute for Labor Policy and Training, in a white paper released last year on the prevention of karoshi, noted that the "undeniable problems in Japan's work environment" were especially detrimental to regular employees younger than 35.
National guidelines use a threshold of 100 hours of overtime in a month — or an average of 80 hours of monthly overtime in a six-month period — to determine whether a worker is at risk of physical or mental harm. Those guidelines were put forward by a government panel in April, but critics say that more is needed.
In February, the Japanese government and the Keidanren, Japan's largest business group, introduced an effort dubbed "Premium Friday" that encouraged companies to allow workers to leave the office at 3 p.m. on the last Friday of the month.
Only a fraction of companies is participating.
The New York Times
Employees at Restore Integrative Wellness Center, a medical marijuana dispensary on Frankford Ave., listen to a presentation by a cannabis grower.
Philadelphia's first medical marijuana dispensary opened its doors Wednesday morning in the city's Fishtown neighborhood.
Restore Integrative Wellness Center, a spa-like facility on the 900 block of Frankford Avenue, was packed with patients and caregivers shortly after 11 a.m., said co-owner Vip Patel.
“We've got a full house with a good 30 people in here right now,” Patel said. “And that's with the street blocked by the water department digging holes. Still, things do seem to be falling in line and working out well.”
First-time patients were given a cost-free 30-minute consultation with a staff pharmacist. The meeting determines the right strains of medical marijuana, the form, potency, and method of administration to treat each patient's ailments, co-owner Steven O said. They recommended that newcomers schedule an appointment.
“These medications are powerful and it's important we educate people the right way,” said the low-key O, a licensed acupuncturist who also operates physical rehabilitation facilities in Elkins Park and Chinatown.
Restore is one of about two dozen dispensaries in operation across Pennsylvania. The shops, which are open exclusively to certified patients or their caregivers, currently only sell cannabis concentrates, tinctures, capsules, and vape pens. “Flower,” the dried buds of the cannabis plant, will be sold later this year at dispensaries.
>> READ MORE: Buyer's Guide to Pennsylvania Medical Marijuana Products
Patel, who was greeting patients on Frankford Ave. across from the Fillmore concert hall, said Restore will operate between 11 and 5 p.m., Monday through Saturday and eventually add evening and Sunday hours.
Restore plans to launch a second dispensary in Elkins Park “in about three months,” Patel said.
KINGSTON, Ont. — Police say a man officers found covered in blood and windshield washer fluid told a gas station attendant to call 911 before they began a violent outburst.
It's alleged the man went to the Kingston, Ont., gas station around 3 a.m. on Tuesday, began kicking the door and told the attendant to call 911.
Police say they then allegedly started throwing jugs of washer fluid, smashing them off the store and ground.
Police say the man, covered in blood, sweat and washer fluid, was smashing another container when officers arrived.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester coach Richard Whiffin praised Matt Scott's performance in the Anglo-Welsh Cup defeat at Newcastle.
Although the Cherry and Whites went into the game knowing they could not reach the semi-finals, it was a chance for fringe players to stake their claims ahead of the return of the Premiership next week and Whiffin believes head coach Johan Ackermann faces some tough choices with scrum-half Ben Vellacott and Mark Atkinson also catching theirs eye.
Scotland international centre Scott was making just their third start of a season and first since mid-September having missed a large chunk through injury and fallen down the pecking order under but they scored their second try in as many games with 15 minutes following a wonderful run.
“I thought Matt Scott played very well and he's done well over the last two weeks,” said Gloucester's head of academy Whiffin, who oversaw the 31-19 loss at Newcastle.
“He's back fully fit now and he's that threat at the line but also you see their turn of pace on the try they scored.
“Ben Vellacott was buzzing around and he's back to being that little scoot threat we saw earlier in the year and I was pleased that Mark Atkinson's run the team really well all week and Owen (Williams) has dropped in late so it's a selection headache for Johan and the senior coaches.
“We've got so many fit players that it bodes well for the next few weeks.”
After missing out on the Wales side to face Scotland in the Six Nations, Owen Williams was thrown straight back into Gloucester's side after one training session.
“He was back in the club on Wednesday and they wanted to play,” said Whiffin.
“He wants to get some game time under their belt and they were back to normal on Thursday running everyone around and controlling the game and again I thought they had a decent game to put their hand up whether that's for Wales or for Gloucester next week.”
While Gloucester fielded a side mostly full of senior stars, Whiffin was able to hand debuts to two 18-year-olds from their academy with Aaron Hinkley and Tom Seabrook both coming off the bench.
Flanker Hinkley had a try disallowed towards the end as their foot was deemed to be in touch before they crossed in the corner.
“He was really disappointed to miss out on the first round of Anglo-Welsh games but pleased now to get their professional debut,” said Whiffin.
“He was out there buzzing around, they were adamant they scored a try and Tom Seabrook again gave another accomplished performance and he's someone that I think will really kick on over the next few months.”
Gloucester came through with no serious injury concerns although Ciaran Knight had to go off after taking a knock to the head.
Whiffin said: “He's fine now, he's walking around in the changing room but he'll go through the return to play protocols for next week.”
Residents of the Heights were on edge overnight while police searched their neighborhood for an armed suspect.
Emmanuel Galvan
The two-hour search started around 10:20 Monday night after witnesses reported two men waving guns in front of Stop at Joe's in the 6400 block of North Main.
Police helicopters shined spotlights into several backyards on East 25th and East 24th Streets while HPD officers, K-9 units and Precinct One deputy searched on the ground.
They blocked off both streets and told residents to stay inside.
It was after midnight when officers found the suspect hiding in a shed.
Samuel Reyes
Emmanuel Galvan, 21, was charged with evading arrest and unlawful carrying of a weapon.
Samuel Reyes, who was arrested outside the store, was charged with unlawful carrying of a weapon.
During the search, dozens of Sunset Heights residents posted on the Next Door app asking what all the fuss was about.
Others said they slept through the whole thing.
© 2018 KHOU
By: Melissa Randall
Twitter: @MRandallABC6
Email: mrandall@abc6.com
ATTLEBORO, M.A. (WLNE) — Some of the biggest Patriot's fans in New England go to Brennan Middle School in Attleboro.
On Friday, the students celebrated spirit day. They took full advantage of being able to wear their Pats gear to class. It was a sea of Tom Brady, Danny Amendola and Gronk jerseys.
The students and teachers too, all say they are looking forward to the big game. They have no doubt in their minds that the pats are bringing home another win.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
Gov. Greg Abbott has called a June 30 special election to replace former U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold, R-Corpus Christi.
The candidate filing deadline is Friday, and early voting will run from June 13-26, according to the governor's proclamation. If no candidate gets 50 percent or more of the vote, the race will go to a runoff, likely in September "at the latest," according to the proclamation.
The race will determine who will finish out Farenthold's term, which ends in January 2019.
Farenthold, who already announced they were not seeking re-election, abruptly resigned in April. They were facing increasing scrutiny over the revelation last year that they used $84,000 in taxpayer money to settle a sexual harassment claim in 2015, as well as a related ethics investigation.
In the weeks after Farenthold's resignation, Abbott said they wanted to fill the seat "as quickly as possible" because the Coastal Bend-area district is still recovering from Hurricane Harvey. Abbott sought an opinion from Attorney General Ken Paxton about whether the governor could suspend state law to speed up the timeline for the special election, citing their authority to set aside certain statutes if they interfere with disaster recovery. Paxton promptly gave Abbott their blessing.
Democratic and Republican runoffs are currently underway in the race to represent the district for a full term starting in January 2019. Raul "Roy" Barrera and Eric Holguin are running for the Democratic nomination, while Bech Bruun and Michael Cloud are competing for the Republican nod. The runoffs are May 22.
Holguin told the Tribune on Tuesday that they plan to file for the special election.
________________________________________
From The Texas Tribune
PHOENIX (AP) - An Arizona woman has been sentenced to 20 months in federal prison in connection with a bank fraud scheme that involved a former star on the "Property Wars" reality TV show.
Prosecutors say 44-year-old Veronica Castro also was ordered Monday to pay more than $1 million in restitution.
Castro previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud along with co-defendant Scott Menaged, the former TV program star.
Menaged in December was sentenced to 17 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $33 million in restitution to banks and more than 200 investors.
Menaged owned and operated furniture stores in the Phoenix metro area. Castro was a longtime employee.
Prosecutors say Castro helped Menaged create fake credit applications and receipts to submit to banks and conceal the fraud.
After an exhausting weekend, only a point separated Glencar/Manorhamilton from All-Ireland glory at last weekend's Féile Peil na nOg Festival.
Held in Meath, Down and Louth, the Féile saw Glencar/Manorhamilton come up against some of the country's most famous clubs and they were only denied victory in the Final by a solitary point on a 0-5 to 0-4 scoreline.
Glencar/Manorhamilton started off their campaign with a 7-18 to 0-1 destruction of Down's Saval but then suffered defeat when Graiguecullen of Carlow prevailed on a 3-5 to 2-4 scoreline.
Their final group game saw them easily defeat their hosts Liatroim Fontenoy's by 2-13 to 0-3 to qualify second from the group.
In the first quarter-final, Glencar/Manor easily accounted for Galway's Craughwell by 2-6 to 0-1 and they registered the same 2-6 in the semi-final but held Killarney Legion, the club of Kerry star James O'Donoghue to just three points, 2-6 to 0-3.
That set them up for a Final meeting against Derry's Ballinderry who had seen off Graiguecullen rather comfortably 2-8 to 1-0 so the odds seems set against the North Leitrim side.
But Glencar/Manor rose to the task and after an epic encounter on Sunday in Clonduff, the Derry side prevailed 0-5 to 0-4 to lift the title.
Fenagh St. Caillin's came through their group undefeated after victories over St. Colman's Drumaness (1-11 to 0-3), Scotland (2-10 to 2-2) and Bredagh (0-11 to 0-2). But they had the misfortune to come up against eventual winners Granard Ballymore in the Quarter-Finals with the Longford side winning 2-6 to 1-2 to end their campaign.
In the Girls Division 3, Glencar/Manorhamilton flew the Leitrim flag and opened with a 3-4 to 0-4 victory over Down's Rostrevor. They then fell to a heavy 7-14 to 0-3 defeat to Waterford's Ballymacarbry who went on to reach the semi-finals.
However, they bounced back with a 5-10 to 1-3 victory over St. John Bosco to book their place in the semi-finals. Unfortunately, their campaign ended at that point when St. Ciaran's of Offaly 6-2 to 3-4 on Saturday evening.
Kim Kardashian is ready to slay the White House.
The reality show queen is set to discuss prison reform with Kushner and Trump this afternoon. According to Complex, Kim K has been determined to fight for 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson who has a life sentence without parole for a first-time, nonviolent drug offense.
Kim had an interview with Mic earlier this month to discuss why they are passionate about this act and what triggered them to get involved. Watch the video below.
Will Kim win in fighting for justice?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police seized a building full of cannabis in a raid in the Forest of Dean this morning.
They obtained a warrant to search a former dog grooming salon after receiving "intelligence" that it was being used as a drugs factory.
The former home of Masie Mo Dog Groomings in Parragate Road, Cinderford, a residential area near the Lidl supermarket and surrounded by houses and bungalows, was the target.
Several officers used an iron bar to break into the rented building, which was also previously used as an RSPCA office, around 11am on Friday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The windows had been blocked with wadding from the inside but it was immediately apparent that officers had found a cannabis factory.
They came across a tent like structure full of cannabis plants in buckets, hydroponic equipment, fans and lights which had created a cannabis production line running from the rear to the front of the building.
All the windows had been covered in thick insulation material and a large tent like structure filled each of the rooms.
To the rear of the rented, detached single storey building a tiny kitchen was full of the smallest seedlings.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The middle room was filled with over 30 smaller saplings and the room at the front was contained the larger plants, showing they were moved from one to the other as they grew.
Neighbours were reluctant to talk about the find but joked about the strong smell of cannabis in the residential area.
Police removed the cannabis plants from their pots and bagged them up in plastic bags to be destroyed.
Officers said it was soon to give details about the street value of the drugs.
But according to legal guidelines mature cannabis plant has an average street value of £850, according to legal guidelines.
They also dismantled the hydroponic equipment, fans and lights set up alongside the plants which was estimated to worth at around £10,000.
Running them all would have cost about the same as a week's worth of electricity for the average household.
It is understood the building had been rented from a landlord and nobody has been arrested yet.
Forest police tweeted: "Police acting on information received executed a drugs warrant in Cinderford this morning.
A large quantity of mature and infant plants were seized and equipment dismantled. Enquiries are ongoing.
"Please continue to let us know about any suspicious behaviour you see."
Arundel High School junior Andrew Karam and South River High School seniors Simone Evans and Helen Dover shared the grand award at the 51st annual Anne Arundel County Regional Science and Engineering Expo on March 8th, in the process earning the right for all three to represent Anne Arundel County Public Schools at the International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF), which will be held in Pittsburgh this May.
Andrew's project, “Concealed Weapon Detection Using Infrared/Thermal Image Processing and Machine Learning” created a neural network to detect a concealed weapon.
Simone's project, “The Web of Mycorrihzal Fungi: Associations Among Orchids, Fungi and Potentially Trees,” explored the relationship between a network of mycorrihzal fungi and their different hosts.
Helen's project was titled “Survival of the Fittest: Using Biological Concepts to Maximize Efficiency.” They created and tested a genetic algorithm to find the ideal variables and conditions that will produce the best end result to a problem. The algorithm has applications in fields from aerospace engineering to economics.
More than 300 projects in 20 categories presented by young science stars from across the county in grades 6 through 12 were entered in the expo. Students won awards and prizes worth thousands of dollars from organizations such as Armed Forces Communications Association, Anne Arundel Community College, Defense Spectrum Organization, Educational Systems Federal Credit Union, Intel, International Council on Systems Engineering, Society of Toxicology, Society of Women Engineers, and the US Navy/US Marine Corps Office of Naval Research.
Severna Park's Ethan Prigge won a Grand Award Honorable Mention for their project, “Mycoplasma Meets Its Match.”
Maya Albayrak from Chesapeake Science Point won a Grand Award Honorable Mention for their project, “A Tweet a Day Keeps the Doctor Away.” They have been invited to participate in Intel ISEF as student observers.
The Anne Arundel County Regional Science and Engineering Expo is dedicated to promoting science education and recognizing and rewarding student achievement in science. In addition to the grand award winners, approximately 100 county middle and high school students earned first-place awards at the expo, ranging from special awards from community organizations to category awards based on guidelines from Intel ISEF.
Source : AACPS
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
Melinda Allison of Sibley was the lucky winner of the Minden Press-Herald grill giveaway. Allison was one of many to enter the contest at the second Grilling on Main in downtown Minden over the weekend. Allison, left, is pictured with Minden Press-Herald Publisher Gregg Parks.
Related
Comments
comments
Houston has arguably the best overall pitching staff in the major leagues but has run into a big problem because of injury.
The Astros are struggling to find someone to handle those standout pitchers after losing another catcher in their 5-3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday.
The Astros will send right-hander Garrit Cole (9-2, 2.50 ERA) to the mound for the Independence Day, Lone Star State showdown at Globe Life Park in Arlington while the Rangers counter with left-hander Mike Minor (6-4, 4.64).
Houston's catching situation took a turn for the worst Tuesday when Max Stassi was forced from the game against Texas in the first inning after they were hit on the right wrist by a pitch.
Stassi's injury comes on the same day veteran catcher Brian McCann met with team medical director Dr. David Lintner ahead of having surgery on their right knee. The Astros placed McCann on the disabled list Tuesday with a sore right knee for the second time this season and recalled catcher Tim Federowicz from Triple-A Fresno.
Federowicz took over for Stassi, who entered Tuesday's game batting .255 with seven homers and 22 RBIs.
Houston manager A.J. Hinch wouldn't say what type of surgery McCann would undergo and when the procedure would take place, but admitted that the Astros without McCann, their front-line backstop, "for the foreseeable future."
"We don't know other than he's heading for surgery and we'll have a better timetable once they see Dr. Lintner and goes through the medical process," Hinch told mlb.com. "We had a long conversation in Tampa (over the weekend), and it's continually the same issue over and over with their right knee. One of the options is surgery, and they went back to Houston to take care of it."
Texas right-handed reliever Chris Martin was optioned to Triple-A Round Rock on Tuesday prior to the club's series opener against the Astros. The move made room on the 25-man roster for first baseman Ronald Guzman, who returned from the seven-day concussion disabled list.
Rangers manager Jeff Banister said Martin's demotion was to create bench depth
"Chris hadn't done anything to warrant being optioned," Banister said. "He's got options. Obviously, he's pitched well for us in the bullpen. However, you've got to be able to protect some of the other players on the team, too."
Banister told mlb.com that Guzman passed the concussion protocol three days after they were placed on the disabled list. "Ronals was a full-go, as far as baseball activities are concerned," they said.
The Astros have shuffled their rotation for this week to give Lance McCullers, Jr. and Charlie Morton some additional rest. McCullers was originally scheduled to start Wednesday against the Rangers.
Cole makes their first start in July after going 4-1 with a 3.41 ERA in six June starts, posting a 1.11 WHIP and 42 strikeouts in 37 innings. The Astros are 14-3 in games started by Cole, who is looking to reach double digits in wins.
Minor has been one of the Rangers' best starters of late. They were 2-0 with a 2.08 ERA in four June starts. Minor is 4-2 with a 3.44 ERA in nine home starts this season.
Minor is 1-2 with a 5.06 ERA in nine games (six starts) versus Houston, including 0-1, 5.74 in three starts this season.
Cole is 3-0 with a 1.33 ERA in four starts against Texas, including 2-0, 1.80 in three turns this year.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Southern California has it pretty good in the weather department. Most areas see perpetual sunny skies and beach-perfect temperatures, but after the Fourth of July holiday, the region will be heading into a significant heat wave with triple-digit temperatures.
Weather will begin to hit up Thursday and by Friday temperatures will surpass the century mark in several cities, according to the National Weather Service. Many Southern California cities will will be hotter than some of the traditionally the hottest spots on the planet this weekend.
1. Aziziyah, Libya – 96 degrees
The former capital of the Jafara district, once held the record for the hottest temperature ever recorded when in 1922 it was an unbelievable 136 degrees. Further investigations showed a number of factors invalidated that number and the city was stripped of the title in 2012. However, it still regularly sees temperatures of 118 degrees in midsummer.
2. Wadi Halfa, Sudan – 106 degrees
Although Wadi Halfa sits on the shores of Lake Nubia in Sudan, the temperatures there can reach average highs of 105 degrees and higher. The hottest temperature ever recorded there were 127 degrees in April 1967.
3. Dasht-e Loot, Iran – 81 degrees
The uninhabitable portion of Iran's desert plateau has some of the hottest ground temperatures on Earth, having recorded a mind-numbing 157 degrees between 2003 and 2009.
4. Tirat Zvi, Israel – 105 degrees
Tirat Zvi hits average highs of about 100 degrees but in June 1942 a record 129 degrees were logged making it the hottest place in Asia.
5. Timbuktu, Mali – 104 degrees
Residents of Timbuktu can't even escape the heat in winter where the city on the south edge of the Sahara reaches average highs of 86 degrees in January. The hottest temperature recorded there were 120 degrees.
Source: NASA
How will you beat the heat this weekend? Head to the beach? Watch a movie in the theater? (We hear “Ant-Man and The Wasp” is good.) Or in some other way?
Most advantageous essays to buy are expecting you
Tired of the assignments you need to do? Are you starting to loathe crafting? Fully exhaust your recommendations? Don't panic or anxiety, you've recognized the best place to receive help. Our essays available on the market will assist you to all these issues. We are a business enterprise offering you essay sale particular products. We'd adore to take care of your generating jobs and guide you improve your grades. Our authors will produce a good essays to buy engineered specifically you. Our staff is friendly and professional this kind of enables them to cooperate safely and also make our essays on sale the highest quality that you can buy. We take on the very best writers and proofreaders and therefore they undoubtedly know how to concentrate on your essay. The most effective crew suggests the appropriate essays, in your learning.
Furthermore, reliable employees allow us to insure the standard of the essay available on the market we are writing for your business. And we accept only the very best quality. No plagiarism, no goof ups are empowered in your essay available on the market you'll get.
Key phrase paperwork on the market in your own time frame
Timeline very likely all university students loathe this expression. Not one person wants to have this huge clicking time clock compared to their venture even when creating a paper, accurate? Especially, if it's a term paper that decides on your grade. For this reason our freelance writers can do period records available that can help you ignore the emotional stress, the time, as well as timeline. Our employees are not only skilled in regards to writing, we necessarily mean which is a requirement, additionally, they have learned how to manage their sometime and do the job comfortably. As a result, we will ensure that they can really create your newspapers promptly. Likewise, the level of the phrase paper to purchase you acquire doesn't be based upon the given deadline.dissertation buy Ignore doubt, and transaction a piece of paper now.
Analysis old fashioned paper that you can buy on sensible price tag and high-quality
Our groundwork papers available on the market won't cost a great deal. We have been thankful to provide reasonable and adequate price ranges and numerous no-cost additional features. To illustrate, the fee for the study report available is the cost of the essay again. Therefore you don't should pay for formatting, label website, gets results cited page. Almost all these the situation is 100 percent free additional items for your papers. Additionally, we produce only best-excellence documents. That signify the paperwork created by our staff are normally graded with the best marks. Due to this fact, we are giving you very low priced essay available for purchase with good quality. Getting a document from our organisation involves obtaining the top educational outcomes. That ought to result in no reservations.
Cardstock available for purchase coming from the top rated school help and support business enterprise
Paper to buy is actually we all do most reliable. Various written documents are usually performed by our writers. Moreover, we promise the level of every one to the essays in addition to timing this supply too. We without exception look into our best to go out of you totally satisfied with our assistance. Our primary goal is the best school achieving success. With this document for purchase written consequently towards your tips this purpose is easily gained.
Choosing an essay from my establishment you receive:
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Canada has signed a technical agreement to become part of the NATO enhanced forward presence and lead a battlegroup in Latvia , the Canadian Armed Forces said in a press release on Tuesday.
"Canada will lead a robust multinational NATO battlegroup in Latvia, becoming one of four Framework Nations, as part of the Alliance's enhanced Forward Presence (eFP) in Central and Eastern Europe," the release stated.
The release noted that the technical arrangement outlines the rules, conditions, establishment and operation of the eFP battlegroup.
It will be the largest sustained military presence in NATO territory since the early 1990s, the release added.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether you prefer a korma or a jalfrezi, a madras or a massala - curry remains one of the nation's favourite takeaway options.
Gloucester is spoilt for choice if you fancy a curry but don't fancy cooking - with Bristol Road acting as the city's own 'curry mile.'
These are all the curry houses scoring the highest rating handed out by the Food Standard Agency's (FSA) national food hygiene rating scheme.
Inspectors look at how hygienically food is handled, how it is prepared, cooked, re-heated, cooled and stored.
They also examine the building itself for cleanliness, layout, lighting, ventilation and facilities.
How the business manages and records what it does to ensure food is safe is also key.
And these companies are all top of the charts
This list was compiled on February 2, 2018.
(Image: Morrisons)
Aroma
69 Southgate Street Gloucester
GL1 1TX
Polash
Unit 6 Mead Road Gloucester
GL4 5GL
Balti Hut
136 Cheltenham Road Gloucester
GL2 0LY
The Garlic
6 Glenville Parade Gloucester
GL3 3ES
Taste Of India
38 Worcester Street Gloucester
GL1 3AG
Spice House
138 Barnwood Road Gloucester
GL4 3JS
Jon's Spice Hut
53 Fieldfare Gloucester
GL4 4WH
Nepalese Chef
24 London Road Gloucester
GL1 3NR
Connoisseur Tandoori Restaurant
22 London Road Gloucester
GL1 3NR
Indian Memories
79 Bristol Road Quedgeley Gloucester
GL2 4NE
Hilltop
19 Worcester Street Gloucester
GL1 3AJ
Bhaji's
41 Bristol Road Gloucester
GL1 5SA
Masala Dosa
Private address: registered with Gloucester City local authority
GL1
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shangrilla
188 Barton Street Gloucester
GL1 4HE
Shiraz
5 St Aldate Street Gloucester
GL1 1RP
Trafalgar Takeaway
92 Tredworth Road Gloucester
GL1 4QS
Jeffrey Dwight Van Nest, 55, of Hutchinson, died October 4, 2017, at Hospice House, Hutchinson. They were born March 4, 1962, in Garden Grove, CA, the son of Albert and Marie (Elliott) Van Nest.
Jeff owned and operated their own drywall finishing business. In addition to their love for their family was their love for their dogs, Clyde, Pugsley, Oliver, and Daisy.
Jeff is survived by: their companion of 33 years, Kathy Droegemeier; sons, Shane Van Nest and wife Anne of Kansas City, MO, Robert Rogge and wife Kathy of Hutchinson, Chris Droegemeier and wife Robin of Lindsborg; daughters, Jessica Winters and companion Brad Isley of Hutchinson, Jennifer Travis and husband Rob of Sterling; brother, Dana Van Nest of Nickerson; 14 grandchildren; and several aunts, uncles, and cousins.
They were preceded in death by their parents and brother, E.R. Van Nest.
Cremation has taken place. A Celebration of Life will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, October 7, 2017, at the Hutchinson Town Club, 200 E. Sherman St., Hutchinson. Friends may sign the memorial book from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday at Elliott Mortuary. Memorials may be made to Cause for Paws, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
April 12 Henan Province Xixia Auto-Pump Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 50 percent to 90 percent, or to be 77.7 million yuan to 98.5 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 51.8 million yuan
* Says increased ratio of high-end products and decreasing investment scale as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/OQEB2h
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A recent video of an altercation between Patricia De León and Luzelba Mansour, stars on the new season of the reality show Rica Famosa Latina (Rich Famous Latina) went viral. (Think Spanish-language The Real Housewives.) It shows De León breaking a glass on Mansour's forearm, which suffered a gruesome cut that required 30 stitches. De León, a Panamanian actor, spoke with People en Español to tell their side of the story.
“It was all an accident at a dinner that was had,” clarified De León, who claims that the incident was manipulated by the producers. “It was never my intention. I am not an actor in support of gossip or negativity,” they said.
People Chica reached out to the network for comment but has not received a response.
Check out their brawl in the video below:
Rica Famosa Latina, which airs on Estrella TV in the United States, has been on the air since 2014 and follows the lives of successful Latina women. The show was inspired by Bravo's The Real Housewives franchise and was even co-created by former RHOBH member Joyce Giraud.
According to the actor, the bloody brawl ensued when De León tried to deny an accusation Mansour made about their personal life. “This woman sparked rumors that I have a relationship with my sister's husband, which is totally false.”
Their tense conversation became physical when Mansour threw a glass of water at De León. “At the moment in which I was going to throw the water at her, they put their arm up and that's when the cup cut her,” De León explained.
According to De León, Mansour noticed the cut on their forearm after they left the restaurant where the fight broke out. “I ran to them and they said, “Don't worry, it was an accident, I put my hand out.” The two hashed it out moments before Mansour was taken from the scene by an ambulance.
“After admitting that it was an accident and that it was their fault, Luzelba goes out the next day to say that I attacked her, that I am an aggressive person, that I am a wild person,” De León fumed, adding, “I feel sorry that a person tries to destroy the integrity, the reputation, and the career of a person who has worked so hard.”
MECHANICSBURG – Gentle Care Health Center is hosting the Mercy Health mobile mammography unit on Friday, Dec. 15 from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Woman ages 40 and older are welcome. Appointments are preferred but walk-ins will be accommodated if any appointments are still available.
Most health insurances are accepted and will be billed (by Mercy Health). Uninsured women may qualify for funding as well.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — The husband of a woman killed in a Dillons parking lot is suing the grocery store for negligence.
The Wichita Eagle reports 60-year-old Annette Hedke died in February 2015 after slipping in the parking lot and then struck by a vehicle driven by Dillons employee Christopher Schrader.
Schrader was charged with involuntary manslaughter, driving under the influence and other crimes. They were sentenced to nearly six years in prison.
Sean Brennan, Dennis Hedke's attorney, says it's unclear whether Schrader was working at the time of the accident.
The suit, asking for more than $75,000, says Dillons should have been aware of Schrader's alcohol problem that's shown from a previous felony DUI conviction.
Dillons spokewoman Sheila Lowrie said they could not comment on the suit, but that the company “remains deeply saddened by the tragic death of Mrs. Hedke.”
Share. Signing off for the last time. Signing off for the last time.
AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on December 15.
Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath, made the announcement about the messaging platform on Tumblr. They cited changes in "the way in which we communicate with each other" as the reason for shutting down AIM, which has been around since the 1990s.
They also thanked AIM users, saying they "likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists."
Originally a part of the AOL Desktop internet suite, it became much more popular once it was split off into a separate download. At the time it was in competition with Microsoft's MSN Instant Messenger service, Yahoo! Messenger, and ICQ.
AOL Instant Messenger is such a point of nostalgia for some that using the messaging service is the premise of indie game Emily Is Away.
Brian Barnett is an IGN Freelancer. They remember many late-night chats with friends on AIM and MSN Messenger. Now pretty much all they use is Twitter. You can follow them @Ribnax.
A piece of research in which the UPV/EHU-University of the Basque Country has participated confirms that merely observing a flow of energy or particles can change its direction
This is the main result obtained by the group led by Professor Ángel Rubio of the UPV/EHU and of the Max Planck Institute PMSD, together with collaborators at the BCCMS centre in Bremen, and which has been echoed by the journal Nature Quantum Materials.
In macroscopic objects such as a current of water, the fact of observing the current does not affect the flow of the water and, in accordance with the laws of classical thermodynamics, this flow would take place from the upper to the lower part of the system. The same thing happens with temperature flows where the current goes from the hotter body to the colder one, or in electrical systems. However, in quantum devices, "the process of observation, the watching, changes the state of the system, and this makes it more likely that the current will be made to flow in one direction or another", explained Ángel Rubio, a UPV/EHU professor, leader of the UPV/EHU's Nano-Bio Spectroscopy Research Group, and Director of the Hamburg-based Max Planck Institute for the Structure and Dynamics of Matter.
As Rubio stressed, this does not constitute "an infringement of any fundamental theorem of physics nor is energy created out of nothing. What happens is that the fact of looking, of inserting an observer into the system, acts as an obstacle, as if you were to close off the channel in a pipeline through which the water is flowing. Obviously, if the load starts to build up, it would end up going in the opposite direction. In other words, the observer projects the state of the system onto a state that transmits the current or energy in opposite directions.
Rubio remembers the surprise when discovering that inserting the quantum observer caused the directions of the current and the transfer of energy to change: "Initially we thought it was an error. We expected to come across changes and we thought it would be possible to halt the transport, but we didn't expect there was going to be a complete change of flow. These changes in the direction of the current can also be made in a controlled way. Depending on where the observer is inserted, the flow can be changed, but there are "specific areas in the device in which despite looking, the direction does not change," they explained.
Difficulties for experimental design
Controlling the heat and current of particles in this way could open up the door to various strategies for designing quantum transport devices with directionality control of the injection of currents for applications in thermoelectrics, spintronics, phononics and detection, among others. But Ángel Rubio believes these applications are a long way off because they see limitations in the design of the observers: «We have worked from a theoretical perspective in which we have proposed a simple model and the theory can be easily verified because all the energy and entropy flows are preserved. Carrying out this process experimentally would be another matter. Although the type of device that would need to be designed exists, and producing it would be feasible, right now there is no possibility of doing this in a controlled way».
Faced with this situation, the research group is now exploring other, similar ideas, «other mechanisms as an alternative to quantum observers which would allow similar effects to be achieved and which would be more realistic when it comes to implementing them experimentally».
###
Additional information
Researchers from the MPSD (Max Planck Institute for the Structure and Dynamics of Matter) at the CFEL (Center for Free-Electron Laser Science) in Hamburg, together with collaborators from the UPV/EHU and the Bremen Center for Computational Materials Science (BCCMS) have participated in this study, published in the journal Nature PJ Quantum Materials.
Bibliographical reference
R. Biele, C. A. Rodrí­guez-Rosario, T. Frauenheim, A. Rubio. Controlling heat and particle currents in nanodevices by quantum observation. npj Quantum Materials 2, article number: 38 (2017). doi:10.1038/s41535-017-0043-6
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Louisville has placed associate men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport.
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett, who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino's replacement. Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe.
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich, who's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees. Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while co-operating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson "an appropriate step at this time."
Johnson is in their fourth season with Louisville; it's Fair's second season on the staff.
Ten people have been arrested in the federal probe of the sport, including four college assistant coaches at different schools and an Adidas executive.
Pitino, 65, is not named in the federal documents and has maintained that they did nothing wrong. Their attorney, Steve Pence, has said Louisville "effectively fired" Pitino when they placed them on administrative leave on Sept. 27. The school's Athletics Association on Monday authorized interim university President Greg Postel to begin the process of firing Pitino for cause after 16 seasons as Cardinals coach.
Postel's letter to the Hall of Fame coach on Wednesday said the action arises out of their conduct over a period of years and noted their involvement in two recent scandals involving the program — including the current federal investigation.
The NCAA in June placed Louisville on four years' probation and has ordered the vacation of up to 123 victories — including its 2013 national championship — as a result of a sex scandal . The school and Pitino, who was suspended for five games, are appealing those sanctions.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Mark Miller
CHICAGO, March 30 Tax reform is up next for our Attention Deficit Disorder Republican government, which just rushed through a chaotic, ugly battle to reform our complex healthcare system. The fight over tax reform promises to be just as chaotic and ugly - and it could mean big changes for Americans saving for retirement.
The Republican tax plan will include huge tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations, reducing top income tax rates, rates on investment income and corporate tax rates. Our lawmakers will need to find new revenue somewhere to offset the cuts. That is where retirement saving could come into play.
To understand why, it is important first to understand this term: “Tax expenditure.”
This is Washington budget-speak for tax revenue foregone due to special tax treatment. The phrase refers to billions of dollars in tax code exemptions, deductions or credits. Tax expenditures are designed to benefit specific activities or groups of taxpayers; the most important include deductions taken by employers for employee health insurance costs, capital gains and mortgage debt interest.
The spectacular collapse of the U.S. House healthcare bill last week will ratchet up pressure to find revenue as part of any tax reform bill, since the proposed healthcare reforms were expected to cut federal deficits by $337 billion over the next decade. By some estimates, the tax reformers will need to find $1 trillion or more in new revenue.
Retirement saving is an attractive target - and one that has been in Republicans' crosshairs before. Tax expenditures for retirement saving exceeded $158 billion in 2015, and will be more than $1 trillion from 2015 to 2019, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That includes tax breaks on traditional pensions, 401(k)s and traditional and Roth IRAs.
“Going to the retirement trough certainly is one possibility,” said Shai Akabas, director of fiscal policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
ROTATING TO ROTHS
The most ambitious retirement reform would place limits on the current system of tax-deferred saving in 401(k) and traditional IRA accounts, shifting the emphasis to Roth accounts. In a 401(k) or traditional IRA, income taxes are deferred until funds are withdrawn; Roth contributions are made with post-tax dollars, which keeps tax revenue in the current year.
The blueprint for this approach can be found in the 2014 tax reform plan crafted by former U.S. Representative Dave Camp, the Michigan Republican who chaired the House Ways and Means Committee at the time. Camp proposed capping employee deferrals into 401(k)-type plans at $8,750; any contributions over that amount would be taxed upfront (this year, the employee contribution limit is $18,000).
Camp also proposed requiring all employers with more than 100 workers to allow Roth contributions in their workplace plans. The income limits on Roth IRA contributions would have been removed, and contributions to traditional IRAs would have been disallowed.
Moves like this appear to generate new revenue by closing down expenditures, but that is partly because the government estimates tax revenue only for the coming 10 years - it does not account for income taxes collected on IRAs far into the future.
"It looks like you're raising a lot of new money now, but from an actual macro budgeting standpoint, it doesn't do that," Akabas said.
Shrinking upfront tax preferences could dampen saving rates, they think. It also would encourage account “leakage” - the phenomenon of drawing down retirement savings for nonretirement purposes. Roth accounts permit withdrawal of principal at any time without penalty (taxes and penalties are levied on withdrawn investment returns until age 59-1/2; at that point, all funds can be withdrawn penalty-free on accounts held for at least five years).
More recently, House Republican leadership has signaled interest in creating a new Universal Saving Account (USA) that would permit contributions up to $5,500 per year of post-tax income, and that would be free of additional taxes going forward. It is somewhat like a Roth, with a big difference: funds could be withdrawn for any purpose at any time.
USA accounts could help address the lack of emergency savings in many households. But they also might discourage small businesses from offering retirement plans, according to Brian Graff, chief executive officer of the American Retirement Association, an umbrella organization for several pension and retirement plan professional associations.
"If you now have a tax-free saving account available, I'm not sure I need to have a retirement plan if I'm a small business,” they said. “That means employees are going to be less likely to save for retirement.”
Graff is pointing to the biggest problem here: making big decisions about retirement policy in the context of broader tax reform is the wrong way to go. Considering the huge retirement security challenges facing average American households, we should be considering policies aimed at encouraging people to save.
Cracking open the retirement piggy bank to offset tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy? That is an idea that should be resisted.
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Head coach Ramil de Jesus says Michelle Cobb still needs improvement, but is not expected to be exactly like a Kim Fajardo
Published 10:05 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The De La Salle University (DLSU) Lady Spikers slipped past the University of Santo Tomas Lady Tigresses whose fierce outside hitter Cherry Rondina exploded with 28 points on Saturday, February 3.
A part of DLSU's escape was the 5-0 start to the 5th and final set of the match, which was capped off by a Michelle Cobb service ace. This was crucial to giving the Lady Spikers a signficant cushion to take the win that was closed out by Aduke Ogunsanya's block on Rondina's spike.
In Season 79, Cobb was never awarded a starting position as their talents were overshadowed by 3-time best setter Kim Fajardo. They had very limited playing as they only occassionally came off the bench to assist Fajardo.
Now that the team has lost the services of Fajardo due to graduation, Cobb is now filling in some big shoes this Season 80.
In their debut as a starter, they already made immediate impact with 37 excellent sets, 6 points off two blocks, and a team-high of 4 service aces.
Head coach Ramil de Jesus assessed their contributions and the team's performance with a "passing grade" due to the victory. Referring to Cobb, De Jesus understands that they still need improvement, but they are not expected to be exactly like a Kim Fajardo.
"Sa ngayon passing grade. Pero kasi nga marami pa ako nakikitang hindi ko naman hinahabol na hanapan na gawin yung mga ginagawa ni Kim Fajardo. Pero sa akin kasi, kung ano siya, kung ano ang style niya, iimprove-in niya yung style niya. Then siguro yung magiging ano pa... more on itaas niya yung bola," said de Jesus.
(For now it's a passing grade. But I still see a lot of things that I'm not really trying too hard to find that they should do what Kim Fajardo does. But for me, whatever they are, whatever their style is, they should improve on their style. Then most probably they should set the ball higher.)
"Mas maganda siguro yung nadidiskartehan niya 'yung set niya and at the same time, hinahanapan niya kung papaano magkakaroon ng open block or single block yung spikers." (It would be better if they if strategizes their set and at the same time, they will be finding out how to set up open blocks and single blocks for the spikers.)
As the defending champions were tested by the Tigresses, it serves as a sign for Cobb and the Lady Spikers to adjust to the rotation and mature in order for them to clinch a 3-peat title this season.
"Sinabi ko sa mga players ko kung gusto natin manalo, dadaan tayo sa pinakamahirap na parte ng laro so hopefully makakapag-adjust sila nang kaagad. Kasi every game ineexpect ko kay Cobb na mas matuto o basta maging mature sa game," said de Jesus.
(I told the the players that if we want to win, we are going to go through the most difficult parts of the game so hopefully they will be able to adjust immediately. Because every game, I will expect that Cobb will learn more and be more mature in the game.) – Rappler.com
High exposure to radiofrequency radiation (RFR) in rodents resulted in tumors in tissues surrounding nerves in the hearts of male rats, but not female rats or any mice, according to draft studies from the National Toxicology Program (NTP). The exposure levels used in the studies were equal to and higher than the highest level permitted for local tissue exposure in cell phone emissions today. Cell phones typically emit lower levels of RFR than the maximum level allowed. NTP's draft conclusions were released today as two technical reports, one for rat studies and one for mouse studies. NTP will hold an external expert review of its complete findings from these rodent studies March 26-28.
The incidence of tumors, called malignant schwannomas, that were observed in the heart increased in male rats as they were exposed to increasing levels of RFR beyond the allowable cell phone emissions. Researchers also noted increases in an unusual pattern of cardiomyopathy, or damage to heart tissue, in exposed male and female rats. Overall, there was little indication of health problems in mice related to RFR.
The reports also point out statistically significant increases in the number of rats and mice with tumors found in other organs at one or more of the exposure levels studied, including the brain, prostate gland, pituitary gland, adrenal gland, liver, and pancreas. However, the researchers determined that these were equivocal findings, meaning it was unclear if any of these tumor increases were related to RFR.
"The levels and duration of exposure to RFR were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies. So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage," said John Bucher, Ph.D., NTP senior scientist. "We note, however, that the tumors we saw in these studies are similar to tumors previously reported in some studies of frequent cell phone users."
To conduct the studies, NTP built special chambers that exposed rats and mice to different levels of RFR for up to two years. Exposure levels ranged from 1.5 to 6 watts per kilogram (W/kg) in rats, and 2.5 to 10 W/kg in mice. The low power level for rats was equal to the highest level permitted for local tissue exposures to cell phone emissions today. The animals were exposed for 10-minute on, 10-minute off increments, totaling just over 9 hours each day. The studies used 2G and 3G frequencies and modulations still used in voice calls and texting in the United States. More recent 4G, 4G-LTE, and 5G networks for streaming video and downloading attachments use different cell phone signal frequencies and modulations than NTP used in these studies.
The NTP studies also looked for a range of noncancer health effects in rats and mice, including changes in body weight, evidence of tissue damage from RFR-generated heating, and genetic damage. Researchers saw lower body weights among newborn rats and their mothers, especially when exposed to high levels of RFR during pregnancy and lactation. Yet, these animals grew to normal size.
"These studies were complex and technically challenging, but they provide the most comprehensive assessment, to date, of health effects in rats and mice from exposure to RFR," said Bucher. "Cell phone technologies are constantly changing, and these findings provide valuable information to help guide future studies of cell phone safety."
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) nominated cell phone radiofrequency radiation for study by NTP because of widespread use of cell phones. FDA and the Federal Communications Commission are jointly responsible for regulating wireless communication devices.
###
About the National Toxicology Program (NTP): NTP is a federal, interagency program headquartered at NIEHS, whose goal is to safeguard the public by identifying substances in the environment that may affect human health. For more information about NTP and its programs, visit ntp.niehs.nih.gov.
About the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS): NIEHS supports research to understand the effects of the environment on human health and is part of NIH. For more information on environmental health topics, visit http://www. niehs. nih. gov . Subscribe to one or more of the NIEHS news lists (http://www. niehs. nih. gov/ news/ newsroom/ newslist ) to stay current on NIEHS news, press releases, grant opportunities, training, events, and publications.
About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation's medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit http://www. nih. gov .
NIH...Turning Discovery Into Health®
Contact:
Virginia Guidry
NIEHS
919-541-1993
virginia.guidry@nih.gov
As society becomes increasingly automated by robots and artificial intelligence systems, one of the ways forward for humanity will be to physically merge with machines, Elon Musk said this week.
In comments made at the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday, the billionaire entrepreneur behind Tesla and SpaceX said the kind of daily dependence we already have on personal technology will only increase as time goes on – to the point where human intelligence and machine thinking effectively become one.
"To some degree we are already a cyborg – you think of all the digital tools that you have – your phone, your computer," Musk told the crowd.
"The applications that you have. The fact that you can ask a question and instantly get an answer from Google and other things."
Calling this existing dependence on personal technology a "digital tertiary layer", Musk said it's effectively already part of our neural biology, affecting the way we think, but also with the ability to outlive our physical selves.
"Think of the limbic system — the animal brain and the cortex as the thinking part of the brain, and your digital self as a third layer," they said. "If you die, your digital ghost is still around. All of their emails, and social media – that still lives if they die."
While it's easy to see the logic in this, the more 'out there' part of Musk's vision is how humanity will evolve in the future – especially in a world where robots can perform many of the jobs human currently do, and even outperform us.
In that kind of world, where huge numbers of unemployed workers subsist on a universal basic income, how will people find satisfaction?
Musk's answer is that humans will deepen our ties with technology even further, to the point where we become cyborgs, as a way of upgrading our inherent natural abilities.
"Over time we will see a closer merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence. It is all about the bandwidth of the brain," they said.
"Some high-bandwidth interface to the brain will be something which helps achieve symbiosis between human and machine intelligence, which solves a control and usefulness problem."
It's not the first time Musk has talked along these lines.
Last year, they spoke about the need for humans to consider getting brain implants in the future to keep up with the rapid evolution of AI – a technology Musk fears could become dangerous to the world if it isn't tightly controlled.
He's also been known to share some other, shall we say interesting observations about life as we know it.
This is the guy who says it's not impossible – and maybe even likely – that the physical Universe we perceive is a giant simulation being run by an alien civilisation more advanced than our own, with Musk calculating that "the odds that we're in base reality is one in billions".
He's also suggested that we nuke Mars to make it habitable – but we might want to hold off on that for now, since newer developments with SpaceX rockets could have us making return trips to the Red Planet in less than 10 years.
Of course, as much as we love the idea of augmenting our biological selves with cybernetic enhancements that give us all kinds of new abilities, Musk's visions of tomorrow's Earth have their problems too.
In a future world where it's illegal to drive cars because self-driving vehicles are so much safer, and there aren't any jobs or even household chores to occupy us, making a fresh start on Mars doesn't actually sound like such a bad idea.
One ticket, please.
Review and photos: New Power Generation go crazy at the Dakota Jazz Club
Photos by Emmet Kowler/MPR
Sponsor
Sponsor
When someone passes away, as long as we find ways to embrace their memory, we keep them alive in our hearts. With guest vocalists André Cymone, Kip Blackshire, and Mackenzie Green, the New Power Generation kept Prince's memory alive on Friday night amidst the chaos of Super Bowl LII in downtown Minneapolis.
Right in the heart of Nicollet Mall, the sold-out crowd that made its way to the Dakota Jazz Club kept to its beat when the New Power Generation shared Prince's songs. The stage, as cozy as it already is, was made even more cozy with a rotating cast of 14 members shaking the whole stage and getting people out of their seats, belying the idea that a “jazz club” is strictly for discreet sipping and tasteful soloing.
Like a couple that could finish each other's sentences, the band knew where each member was going in each part of the songs. They epitomize the top level of musicians representing the legacy of the Minneapolis Sound. What truly showcased their talent was when they moved off course and melted into jam sessions that allowed each performer to shine.
While the night was still young, Green sang “Nothing Compares 2 U” and broke hearts when they reminded us the gamut of emotions one goes through in the early stages of a breakup. Green, Cymone, and Blackshire each embodied Prince in their performances, often picking out certain audience members to sing to and making them feel as if they were they only two in the room. If you weren't pregnant before you entered the room Friday night, you will most likely be expecting nine months from now.
As if to ensure people kept to the right beat, Blackshire (kindly) reminded the audience to clap “on the two and four” before launching into “7.” With the show coming to a close, the unmistakable organ chords of “Let's Go Crazy” invited the audience to do just that. Seats were abandoned and the floor of the Dakota strained under the weight of the makeshift dance party.
With the spirit of Prince filling the room to all the corners of the club, the New Power Generation's encore of “Purple Rain” once again had the crowd on its feet, arms raised to the sky. The sad but hopeful song is in its own way a religious experience, letting us think that Prince is just waiting to one day guide us to the purple rain.
Note: This review describes last night's 7:00 p.m. performance; the photographs were taken at the subsequent 9:30 p.m. show.
ROME (AP) - Pope Francis asked forgiveness Monday for all Christians who buy sex from women, saying men who frequent prostitutes are criminals with a "sick mentality" who think that women exist to be exploited.
"This isn't making love. This is torturing a woman. Let's not confuse the terms," Francis insisted.
The pope made the comments during an intimate, four-hour-long listening session with 300 young people who were invited by the Vatican to Rome this week to help church leaders learn what kids these days think about the Catholic Church.
It's a preparatory meeting for a big synod of bishops in October on helping young people find their vocations in life. Francis has insisted that young adults - Catholic and not - be integral in the process informing the otherwise all-male, celibate and rather old church hierarchy about the future of the church.
"Young people must be taken seriously," they said.
They got an earful when they opened the meeting by urging the young people to speak with courage, without shame or "anesthesia" to dull the truth.
Nicholas Lopez, a college campus minister from Texas, told Francis that young people today face racism, poverty and gang violence, as well as "unjust immigration laws that threaten to split children from families."
Angela Markas from Australia told Francis young people want debate in the church about sexuality, same-sex attraction and the role of women.
And Blessing Okoedion, from Nigeria, asked Francis how the church could allow Catholics to be clients for the many Nigerian women in Italy like her, who are forced to be sex slaves by the traffickers who got them here.
"I ask myself, and I ask you: Is the male chauvinistic church able to truthfully ask itself about this high demand by clients?" they asked.
Francis, who has made the fight against human trafficking and modern-day sex slaves a priority of their pontificate, urged young people to take up the fight against trafficking and forced prostitution.
"This is one of the battles that I ask you young people to do, for the dignity of women," they said. They said forced prostitution was born of a "sick mentality" that no form of feminism has managed to rid from society, one that thinks that "women are to be exploited."
Speaking to Okoedion, who was forced into prostitution but escaped, Francis concluded: "I want to take advantage of this moment, because you talked about baptized and Christians, to ask your forgiveness, from society and all the Catholics who do this criminal act."
CTV Kitchener
The Pride flag went up outside Wellington Heights Secondary School. Then it came down.
The reason for the sudden reversal was a complaint about the flag being flown on the same pole as the Canadian flag.
The complainant claimed it was illegal. Officials with the Upper Grand District School Board say they took the matter to police for clarification.
“The RCMP informed the school principal that the rules are not law, however they are important guidelines around flag flying etiquette,” Heather Ginzel, the board's equity curriculum leader, said Wednesday in an email to other UGDSB staff.
Still wanting to show support for the LGBTQ community, the board decided to order a second flagpole for the Mount Forest high school.
Until that pole arrives – which may not be until after the school year ends – the Pride flag is being housed in a display case in the front lobby of Wellington Heights.
“It's a good compromise,” Georgia Mills, the student who brought the issue to the attention of the media, told CTV News.
“It's the first thing you see when you walk into the school.”
0:30
Video: Amazing dunk by Zion Williamson is No. 1 on ESPN SportsCenter Top 10
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Vincent has been appointed assistant manager at Worcester City.
The Midland League Premier Division club are managed by John Snape and currently groundshare at Bromsgrove Sporting.
A quick winger or forward in their playing days, Vincent joined Cheltenham Town in the summer of 2004 after leaving Wolves.
They helped John Ward's side win promotion to League One via the play-offs and battled back from a torn anterior cruciate ligament suffered during a reserve match in 2006.
After five years with the club they left for Colchester United, also appearing for Port Vale before returning to Cheltenham in 2013/14.
They later played for Shrewsbury Town, Worcester (making 12 appearances in 2015/16) and Stourbridge.
Vincent, 33, now coaches in the Robins' academy, running the Under-16s.
Kansas lawmakers are considering a proposed constitutional amendment that would lower the state sales tax on food and ingredients.
The Lawrence Journal-World reports that the Senate tax committee held a hearing on the proposal Thursday. The amendment would lower the state sales tax rate from the current 6.5 percent down to 2 percent in 2020. The amendment wouldn't require cities and counties to lower local sales tax rates.
State lawmakers raised the rate to 6.5 percent in 2015 to help address the state's continuing revenue shortfalls at that time. Democratic Senator Tom Holland says that Kansas residents pay one of the highest tax rates on food of any jurisdiction in the country when state and local taxes are combined. The Kansas Department of Revenue is calculating the fiscal impact.
Photo courtesy of MGN Online
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said their government has undertaken many paths breaking economic reforms, making the country the most preferred investment destination with the highest FDI in last fiscal at $60 billion.
Inaugurating the two-day ‘Global Investors Summit' hosted by Assam, Modi said the National Democratic Alliance government has speeded up the functioning of official machinery and “we want all programmes to be completed before target”.
Modi stressed that India's growth story will gain further momentum only when there is an all-round development of the North-east and its people, and stressed the importance of ‘Act East Policy' in this regard.
“We have created the Act East Policy and the Northeast is at the heart of it.
“The Act East Policy requires increased people to people contact, trade ties and other relations with countries on India's east, particularly ASEAN countries,” they said.
The prime minister said the tagline of the summit ‘Advantage Assam: India's expressway to ASEAN' is not just a statement but is a comprehensive vision.
“The Union government has taken up many paths breaking economic reforms in last three-and-a-half years, which have simplified procedures for doing business,” they said.
Talking about the recent announcements in the budget, they said 45-50 crore people will benefit from the health insurance scheme Ayushman Bharat and it has enhanced the possibilities of setting up hospitals in tier II and III cities by hospital chains.
The new target for the Ujjwala scheme of providing free cooking gas has now been fixed at eight crore women, the PM said.
They said India has become the most preferred investment destination in the world and the highest $60 billion FDI came to India in 2016-17.
Modi said their government has changed the functioning style of the official machinery and it was now working with greater speed.
“We want all programmes to be completed before target,” they said.
Those present at the event included Bhutanese PM Tshering Tobgay, several Union ministers, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, chief ministers of Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur, ambassadors and high commissioners of 16 countries, RIL chairperson Mukesh Ambani, Tata Sons chairperson N Chandrasekharan besides other.
Assam is hosting its first global investors summit to showcase its manufacturing opportunities and geostrategic advantages to foreign and domestic investors.
The summit aims at highlighting Assam's core competencies in different sectors along with the policy initiatives taken by the state government.
Sonowal had earlier said that the event will showcase the manufacturing prowess and the opportunities offered by Assam in terms of export-oriented manufacturing and services to growing economies such as of ASEAN countries and others in Southeast Asia.
VANCOUVER — The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives have subverted their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that "seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate," according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit "unfounded," in a statement by its media relations team.
"We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees' right to associate and that remains true today," it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the group's disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners."
“Apple has long had partnered with Shazam to power Siri's song identification service, but now the Cupertino giant has confirmed that it is buying the company outright for a cool $400 million, a relative bargain in today's tech dollars,” Michael Simon writes for Macworld. “On the surface, a Shazam purchase ensures that Siri will always be able to recognize the song you're listening to and will provide a boost to Apple Music, but I think Apple has much bigger plans for the service.”
“Like everything else Apple seems to be doing now, it's about augmented reality and machine learning,” Simon writes. “And it could be the thing that finally puts Siri back at the front of the pack.”
“It's not just Siri on our phones: AirPods, HomePod, and Apple Watch could benefit from Shazam's uncanny ability to name that tune,” Simon writes. “But where Shazam could really help Siri's ears is with HomePod. Apple wants its new home speaker to “reinvent home music,” but if all it does is sound good, that's hardly revolutionary. If Apple could leverage its Shazam acquisition to build some serious smarts into HomePod, it could be a difference maker.”
“Apple is poised to leap into the AI and AR worlds with both feet, and Shazam could be the perfect technology to vaults them back to the head of the class,” Simon writes. “And if not, well, at least Siri will be better than Assistant and Cortana at ID'ing songs.”
Read more in the full article here.
TEMPE, Ariz. — Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car.
A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, Sunday night, according to the Tempe police. The department is investigating the crash.
A driver was behind the wheel at the time, the police said.
“The vehicle involved is one of Uber's self-driving vehicles,” the Tempe police said in a statement. “It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel.”
Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own. During tests, a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard.
Uber is conducting tests of autonomous vehicles in Arizona, Pittsburgh, Toronto and other areas. Uber said it has stopped testing the vehicles throughout the United States and Canada.
Uber said it is “fully cooperating” with local officials. “Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” Uber said in a statement.
NEW YORK (AP) — Last season, “Billions” performed a delicate balancing act.
Chuck Rhoades, the powerful and perverse U.S. Attorney (played by Paul Giamatti), was locked in a legal cage match with hedge-fund titan Bobby “Axe” Axelrod (Damian Lewis). But through it all, Wendy Rhoades kept a foot planted in both worlds: as the wife of Chuck and top aide to Axe.
Now, in this Showtime drama's sophomore season, the equilibrium is shattered. Wendy has separated from their husband and bolted from Axe's firm, leaving those combatants to clash even more ferociously.
The only sure thing about the narrative shakeup: Wendy Rhoades can take care of herself, and, when necessary, cut Chuck and Axe down to size. On a show that pits two Alpha Males against each other, Wendy stands tall as a reigning Alpha Woman.
“This season you see them trying to walk a line with each of them while they maintain their dignity and distance,” says Maggie Siff, who brings Wendy vibrantly to life. “To find their own moral center, they had to shed the two of them.”
On the premiere (Sunday at 10 p.m. EST), you'll see Wendy spurn Bobby Axelrod's overtures to return as the in-house psychotherapist and performance coach.
“There's this thing that happens when we're in a room together,” they say sharply as they work their charm. “But I'm shutting it off. I HAVE shut it off.”
And you'll see them stand up to Chuck when they rage, “I always knew I'd end up smeared by Axelrod's poison,” for which they blame their wife as having served as the carrier: “Proximity is enough.”
“I no longer have proximity to it,” they sneer, “and YOU no longer have proximity to ME.”
Wendy is an unusual character for series TV, and a distinctly different character than Siff has played in the past. And yet all their women share a common bond: They're strong, smart and commanding even in a crowd dominated by men.
For six seasons on FX's hit drama “Sons of Anarchy,” Siff played Tara Knowles, the physician wife of a motorcycle-gang leader who could hold their own, and then some, in that wild-and-woolly world. (At least, until they were stabbed to death in their kitchen with a barbecue fork by, ironically, another woman: their mother-in-law and the club's grande dame.)
“When we first started that series (in 2008) I didn't expect it would become the sensation it did,” says Siff in their quiet, thoughtful way, “but it tapped into something tribal in the audience's psyche. It was so pulpy in its violence, yet also had this operatic family drama at its center even when the violence crossed the line – MY line, at least. There were scenes I couldn't watch!”
Siff came to “Sons” from their brief but emblematic stint early in “Mad Men,” where they played Rachel Menken, the bold heiress and boss of a New York department store who became romantically involved with ad man Don Draper.
Unlike so many of their conquests, Rachel soon recognized that their relationship was not one for the ages. They cut their ties with Don, this caddish married man and dad, when they proposed they leave it all behind and run away together.
Years later, Don (and the audience) would learn that Rachel had died of leukemia – but not before they made a brief comeback.
Siff was pleased to shoot this fleeting encore for the series' final season.
“I always wanted Rachel to circle back through that world,” they say.
But the one-minute scene they were asked to play (the only portion of the script they were privy to) made no sense to her, especially after series star Jon Hamm tipped them off that their character was dead.
“I said to (series creator) Matt (Weiner), ‘What's going on?' They said, ‘It's a dream. Just do a dream!'”
They did, with a chinchilla coat obscuring tell-tale evidence that they were pregnant with Lucy, now 2, by their husband, design consultant Paul Ratliff.
“I had no idea how the scene lived inside the episode until I saw it on TV along with everybody else,” they say.
A woman who began their career in experimental theater in Philadelphia and then off-Broadway, the Bronx, New York native, now 42, admits to surprise at their repeated success in TV drama.
But surprise has been a driving force in their career, they explain: “You have to surrender yourself to what finds you in this life.”
Despite no sign of surrendering, they find themselves now in an acclaimed drama alongside two leading men they call “phenomenal actors and phenomenal human beings.
“Damian is so subtle but so precise as an actor,” they say, “while Paul charges out of the gate with so much life. Their energies are very different. It's fun to float between them as scene partners.”
And for “Billions” viewers, there's more fun ahead watching Siff power between them as the forceful link in this tangled tale.
—–
EDITOR'S NOTE – Frazier Moore is a national television columnist for The Associated Press. They can be reached at fmoore@ap.org and at http://www.twitter.com/tvfrazier. Past stories are available at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/frazier-moore
—–
Online:
http://www.sho.com
Comments
comments
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) – One-year-old formerly conjoined twin girls from Nigeria are continuing their recovery at a Tennessee hospital.
The Commercial Appeal reports the parents of Miracle and Testimony Ayeni are delighted by their progress. Mary Ayeni says their daughters “eat whatever you put in front of them.”
The girls were separated during 18 hours of surgery in early November at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis. The twins were born joined together at the pelvis, a condition that only occurs in one of about every 5 million births.
Dr. Max Langham, who led the surgical team, says the first few weeks afterward were a challenge for the twins. Langham says doctors are optimistic they'll be able to run and have active lives eventually.
Previous story: Conjoined twins from Nigeria separated at Tennessee hospital
JOHANNESBURG - Junior gold producer Pan African Resources fell 6percent by midday yesterday on the JSE after it reported a drop in both production and earnings for the six months to December 2017 as well as a review of its cost base.
The JSE- and London-listed stock plummeted 19.72percent to close at R1.75 on the JSE last night on news that earnings a share were 1.58cents and 4.90c, or between 90percent and 70percent, weaker in rand terms.
Headline earnings a share were expected to be between 88 and 68percent lower than estimated headline earnings per share of 1.88c to 5.14c, compared to the 16.32c in the prior reporting period.
Pan African Resources reported total group production of 85282 ounces compared with 91613 ounces in the prior reporting period in 2016. A major setback was disruptions from pressure groups, community unrest and protected and unprotected strikes at Barberton Mines, which resulted in 11 lost production days, equal to 3000 ounces of gold.
“The source of the frustration from these stakeholders is driven by issues unrelated to the mine and is symptomatic of the general dissatisfaction with service delivery, inter-union conflict, and unemployment - issues that currently characterise the South African mining and other sectors,” the company said.
There were also infrastructure issues at Barberton, including problems at its Fariview underground operation.
However, Evander Mines reported a 5.4percent increase in gold production and lower costs as it returned to profitability following the remedial action taken to address the critical shaft infrastructure and the cost base of this operation.
The group revised its production guidance for 2018 financial year to now be between 177000 ounces to 181000 ounces down from the group's production guidance of 190000 ounces for the financial year ending June 30, 2018.
Last October the company agreed an 8percent wage increase with the National Union of Mineworkers for employees at its Barberton Mines. Pan African Resources chief executive Cobus Loots said the group was reviewing its operations.
- BUSINESS REPORT
The championship game is back in the Big 12, which was left out of the College Football Playoff in two of the first three years.
Kristin Kibbe's son avoided possible abduction Sept. 27, 2017, when a woman tried to get them to get into their car near their Irmo home. Police say two other boys reported similar encounters this week.
WEST Coast midfielder Dom Sheed has been left out of the team for Saturday night's game against St Kilda at Optus Stadium.
Sheed was listed as an omission when the teams were released this afternoon, one of two changes after Chris Masten's hamstring injury.
Star onballer Luke Shuey returns after their own hamstring injury and is joined on the list of inclusions by defender Jackson Nelson.
The Saints have added Rowan Marshall and Mav Weller to the side which lost to Richmond last week, replacing Jake Carlisle (suspension) and Luke Dunstan, who was listed as injured.
Sheed was sidelined after round six with a nagging foot injury.
They returned two weeks later and had a quiet game against Richmond, but was back in the hunt in the win over Hawthorn last week, picking up 22 touches, five tackles and five clearances.
The 23-year-old is averaging a career-high 23 disposals, 10 contested possessions and five clearances this season.
WEST COAST
In: Luke Shuey, Jackson Nelson.
Out: Dom Sheed (omitted), Chris Masten (hamstring).
ST KILDA
In: Rowan Marshall, Maverick Weller.
Out: Jake Carlisle (suspension), Luke Dunstan (injured).
AP Photo/Seth Wenig
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood.
Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13 inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony.
Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies.
But it's worth a close-up.
—
CASTING CALL
Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze. What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon.
John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail – from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on – is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish.
Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like they did last year while watching the Academy Awards.
“When Leonardo DiCaprio gave their speech and they were holding their Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one,” Menzie said. “I wish in their acceptance speech, they would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, “That's the one I worked on!'”
—
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; their stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of their ears and a hair part, and their sword rests in sharper relief between their legs.
“The trick was not to make it too shockingly different,” Plonski said.
The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy.
—
AND THE AWARD GOES TO .
The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making.
President David Epner said that before their company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked them to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. They vow that won't happen under their process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating.
“The gold is guaranteed – not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue,” Epner said
Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each possible winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed.
The unused plates are destroyed.
Comments
comments
Houses in default typically are sold at auction, with the lender taking proceeds to satisfy the loan. County records show the property is the only home Ott owns in the county.
Ott's long-time friend and current aide Karmen Sanone said the matter would be straightened out quickly.
"Gary just found out about the notice of default today," Sanone said. "We have a meeting set up with the parties tomorrow to straighten it out."
Ott is under pressure from public officials who say it's time for them to step aside amid their absence from office. Ott's chief deputy, Julie Dole, is effectively acting in their place. Dole has said Ott has always had a hands-off style and chooses to delegate responsibilities to their employees.
The notice of default, a mailbox that's open and bursting with mail and a notice from Salt Lake City utilities posted at Ott's front door notifying them that their water had been shut off Monday for lack of payment call into question whether Ott lives at their Salt Lake City home at all.
The city utilities office said residents receive notice of disruption of service after their unpaid bills exceed $75. No one answered knocks at the door Wednesday, though a banged up blue sedan was parked in the driveway.
Recorder employees say Ott rarely visits the office in Salt Lake City.
Ott is also likely suffering from mental health issues that have rendered them unable to perform their public duties.
Sanone told police in September that Ott has dementia, according to a police report following a welfare check on Ott at Sanone's Weber County home. Officers took Ott to the hospital after deeming they were a risk to himself.
When authorities got in contact with Sanone, they told a sheriff's deputy "that [Ott] does have dementia," according to police reports from the Sept. 2, incident.
Sanone on Wednesday said they should have been more specific with the deputy because dementia "is a broad term."
"If you talk about dementia as Alzheimer's then, no, it's not Alzheimer's," they said. "If you're talking about broad dementia where they may have trouble articulating, then maybe" they have that, they said.
Records also show North Ogden police checked on Ott at a grocery store last month, where an employee said an elderly man — later determined to be Ott — was confused and didn't know where they are. The officer dropped Ott off at Sanone's house.
Ott hasn't responded to multiple calls for comment to a number associated with him, and Sanone said they aren't available Wednesday. Sanone has said they are acting as a spokesperson for Ott, and this week they told county Republicans Ott was willing to consider terms for their early retirement, though their term runs through 2020.
TEST cricket could return to the WACA Ground as early as next year if New Zealand come to Perth as part of the new Test championship.
And the WA Cricket Association is planning a $1 million ground extension that could see night WAFL matches played at the WACA as early as this season.
WACA chief executive Christina Matthews confirmed both possibilities this week as the WA cricket landscape prepared to change dramatically after the successful opening of Optus Stadium.
But Premier Mark McGowan said it was unlikely the State Government would provide funding for such a WACA project, even if it meant the two sports coming together at the ground.
“As I have said many, many times, the State's financial situation is not strong so money for capital works is very difficult at this point in time,” they said.
The WACA last year surrendered a State Government funding guarantee it had negotiated in 2015 in return for moving matches to the new stadium. The success of the $1.5 billion Optus Stadium was underlined this week when nearly 105,000 people attended the one-dayer against England and Perth Scorchers' Big Bash League semifinal.
Matthews said New Zealand, who hope to play their first Boxing Day Test at the MCG in 32 years as part of the 2019-20 schedule, were the only visiting team that would be fixtured at the WACA rather than the new Burswood stadium.
Predicting that only one in 10 future Tests would be hosted at the WACA, with any game projected to draw at least 15,000 spectators for each of the first four days due to be played across the river, Matthews opened the door for international cricket to remain at the game's historic headquarters.
“In terms of (projected) attendance figures we have looked at for the next 10 years, it came up that only one on the future tour program would be played at the WACA,” Matthews said.
“That is New Zealand.
“And some ODIs are still under 15,000, so there may be some at the WACA.”
The Black Caps drew 40,288 spectators in their last Test at the WACA in 2015-16, just under the 40,531 attendance for the previous Test in 2001-02.
Although Pakistan (42,193 in 2004-05 and 40,449 in 1999-2000) and the West Indies (44,630 in 2009-10 and 39,744 in 2000-01) are under the current projection, the forecast suggests they would draw more fans to Burswood than New Zealand.
A Cricket Australia spokesperson confirmed that New Zealand were in the running to play three Tests.
© AFP 2016/ TAREK EL-GABASS Police Detain Son of Ousted Egyptian President Morsi
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The defendants were charged with sabotage, violence, rioting and calling for protests, the Aswat Masriya media outlet reported Sunday.
According to the media outlet, the court has also acquitted 10 other defendants.
In August, 2013, Morsi's supporters organized demonstrations in the city of Minya, which resulted in violent clashes with the police.
Morsi won the presidential election in Egypt in 2012 to become the first democratically elected president of the country. The following year, they were ousted by the Egyptian military after large anti-government protests against them and Muslim Brotherhood movement.
Made in China 2025's Affect on US & Mexican Immigrant Talks Fight Against ICE
On this episode of The Critical Hour, with Dr. Wilmer Leon, we discuss the “Made in China 2025 Initiative” and where it will leave the US. Also, an immigrant-rights activist faces their second deportation hearing at Seattle Immigration Court while fighting for the rights of other migrants against I.C.E. Hear about their struggle.
Caleb Maupin — Journalist and political analyst who focuses their coverage on US foreign policy and the global system of monopoly capitalism and imperialism. They have appeared on Russia Today, PressTV, Telesur, and other major networks.
Maru Mora-Villalpando — Nationally known immigrant-rights activist and co-founder of the Latinx organization Mijente and a community organizer with Northwest Detention Center Resistance.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
SULIASI Vunivalu is one try away from the most prolific start to a career on record with the Storm flyer within touching distance of breaking an insane mark set by fellow Fijian flyer Semi Radradra.
Fox Sports Lab's game-by-game records go back to 1980, the start of the State of Origin era, and no player in that time has ever scored more tries than Radradra or Vunivalu in their first 50 games.
As it stands Vunivalu has the edge, with their 48 tries coming from 49 games. Radradra tallied 48 from their first 50.
LIVE stream every 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership game on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial now > If you're overseas, you can still stream it LIVE on Watch NRL >
Rounding out the top five tryscorers in their first 50 career games are the Rabbitohs' Alex Johnston (44), former Dragons cult hero Nathan Blacklock (41) and Phil Blake, who scored 40 tries in their first 50 games for Manly in the early 80s.
Bevan French (28 tries from their first 31 games) and Josh Addo-Carr (31 from their first 38) may yet find their way into the top five but for now the top spot is Vunivalu's for the taking and fittingly he's shooting for the benchmark on a grand stage.
Camera Icon The leading tryscorers after 50 NRL games. Picture: FOX SPORTS
The Storm host the Cowboys on Thursday night in a blockbuster grand final rematch, giving the premiers the chance to get back to winning ways after their shock loss to Wests Tigers on Saturday.
While Melbourne scored six tries as they ran away with last year's decider, it was one of the rare occasions in their young career when Vunivalu has failed to cross the stripe.
You wouldn't bet on that outcome again and Mark Gasnier, whose uncle Reg may actually hold the all-time record for the most tries in 50 games, doesn't see the athletic winger slowing down any time soon.
“He's the stereotypical modern day winger, they can leap and catch high balls above theirs
head, he's fast, he's fit, he's strong, they could almost run over back-rowers,” Gasnier told foxsports.com.au.
Live scores and stats, the latest news and the best video highlights — get the ultimate NRL experience on your phone with the new FOX LEAGUE App. Download it NOW for FREE on iOS and Android!
Camera Icon Will Chambers and Suliasi Vunivalu have formed a lethal combination. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I think with all those combinations in one, that's why he's got such an incredible strike rate.”
It doesn't hurt that he's started their career on the most dominant team in the competition and has a string of representative stars playing inside him.
“I think Melbourne's right edge has been the most dominant (edge in the NRL) over the last two years first and foremost,” Gasnier said.
“If you look at Cronk, Kaufusi, Slater out the back and Will Chambers, they're very good players to have inside you.
“And even without Cronk it's still pretty good. But he's also the ultimate finisher, he's good on their feet, he's strong, he's fast, and more importantly he's got great anticipation.”
While tryscoring is Vunivalu's clear strength, perhaps the scarier thing about their talent is he's still got plenty of improvement left in him.
Camera Icon Even without Cooper Cronk in the side, Vunivalu still relies on good link players. Picture: News Corp Australia
A latecomer to rugby league after growing up with union, Gasnier said the 22-year-old would continue to improve defensively and in their combination with Chambers.
“Particularly as he's got a rugby background, it's about spending time in first grade, getting experience and learning to read the attack and their combinations inside with Will Chambers,” Gasnier said.
“Chambers is a great defensive centre decision-making wise but he's experienced and your decision making in defence takes time and experience.”
Rustenburg - A teenage boy was shot dead during a protest in Taung, North West police said on Tuesday.
Spokesperson Brigadier Sabata Mokgwabone said the 16-year-old boy was found between 10pm and 11pm on Monday night, when the police dispersed protesting residents.
"A case of murder has been opened for investigation by Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid). It is alleged that a body of a 16-year-old boy was found when the police dispersed protesting members of the community between 10pm and 23:00."
The situation in Taung, Stella and Mahikeng were quiet on Tuesday, following protests.
Meanwhile the South African National Civic Organisation (Sanco) in the North West called on the Ipid to probe allegations that the police fired live ammunition which resulted in the death of 16-year-old, Kitlano Leeuw in Taung.
"We wish to convey our condolences to the Leeuw family that lost the life of their beloved son including other families that lost their loved ones under these trying circumstances as well as appeal for protests to be conducted peacefully and with dignity," said provincial chairperson Paul Sebegoe.
They urged communities not to allow criminals elements to gain an upper hand in community protests.
"Looting, destruction of properties and attack on foreign nationals undermine the goal to highlight genuine service delivery concerns."
African News Agency/ANA
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Kellyanne Conway said Democratic Party leaders should put a stop to the violent, anti-Trump demonstrations that happened over the course of the weekend.
In an appearance on Fox & Friends, Conway said the protests against President Trump over the weekend, some of them violent, are attempts by liberals to rehash the 2016 election and called upon Democratic leadership to tell the protesters to stop.
“Six months after Donald Trump won 306 electoral votes, you have people still trying to make it go away, and this is the president. This is the people's house. This is their government,” Conway said. They went on:
I would love to hear the new DNC chairperson, Tom Perez, Bernie Sanders, the Democratic senator from Vermont, who are going out on the road starting today, and I would love to hear Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump handily. I would love to hear them come forward as leaders of the Democratic Party and tell the people to stop. They have a right to express their First Amendment beliefs but at the same time, violence is not going to get us anywhere.
Protesters demonstrated around the country last Saturday on Tax Day, April 15, to demand that the president release their tax returns to the public.
In Berkeley, California, those protests turned violent when anti-Trump protesters clashed with Trump supporters, leading to 21 arrests.
Conway has previously called for Democratic leaders to calm down their supporters who protested against Trump after the 2016 election in November, citing the need for a peaceful transition of power.
Conway also said Democratic leaders should focus on finding common ground with Trump to push a bipartisan agenda forward.
“I would love to hear Democratic leaders of the party, instead of still talking about the election, move forward and help us negotiate,” they said. “Help us get some Democratic votes on tax reform and health care reform and infrastructure.”
The son of a tango violinist in Buenos Aires, Pablo Ziegler found their early musical thrills as a teenager playing jazz and Dixieland at the piano, almost 60 years ago.
Now 73, Ziegler says that back then they dismissed tango as music “for old people.”
But after their musical knowledge and abilities grew, they received the call in the late 1970s to play with the revolutionary tango composer and virtuoso bandoneon player Astor Piazzolla. After a decade with the legend, Ziegler became adept at mixing jazz, classical, tango and bossa nova to their own tastes — and to award-winning reception.
Having just won their second Grammy for their most recent album, Jazz Tango, Ziegler plays two concerts in Ottawa, on July 5 and 6, as part of the Music and Beyond Festival. In the edited interview below, Ziegler discusses the unique path that their distinguished artistry has taken.
The son of a tango violinist in Buenos Aires, Pablo Ziegler found their early musical thrills as a teenager playing jazz and Dixieland at the piano, almost 60 years ago.
Now 73, Ziegler says that back then they dismissed tango as music “for old people.”
But after their musical knowledge and abilities grew, they received the call in the late 1970s to play with the revolutionary tango composer and virtuoso bandoneon player Astor Piazzolla. After a decade with the legend, Ziegler became adept at mixing jazz, classical, tango and bossa nova to their own tastes — and to award-winning reception.
Having just won their second Grammy for their most recent album, Jazz Tango, Ziegler plays two concerts in Ottawa, on July 5 and 6, as part of the Music and Beyond Festival. In the edited interview below, Ziegler discusses the unique path that their distinguished artistry has taken.
Q: What attracted you to jazz when you were young?
A: The infinite possibility and liberty of improvisation. I come from a classical music background but I feel that my music becomes more alive having the improvisation. I like the thrill of improvisation, where you don't know what's going to happen. Sometimes I discover a new Pablo Ziegler and I love when that happens with the right piano and right musicians.
In my teenage years, I was invited to some of the most important big bands in Argentina and I jumped into the jazz world quite quickly. Then I created my own jazz trio. I learned to improvise by ear, listening to Duke Ellington's recordings.
Q: But I read that you liked tango less at that time. What changed?
A: For me, tango music was for old people and I would never play tango in public when I was young. The only tango music I liked was Piazzolla. I thought their compositions were very innovative and sophisticated. Now that I came to learn some beautiful traditional tango through the years, I started playing in my own style and I appreciate tango music more these days. I've recorded a traditional tango piece in my first solo album that I released in March.
Q: Tell me more about your time with Astor Piazzolla and how they influenced you.
A: One day I received a phone call and was told that​ Astor wanted to invite me to become a member of their new quintet. When I went to see them in their apartment, I told them that I had never been a tango pianist in my life but they said that's exactly what they were looking for. They were looking for a pianist with a strong classical background, with improvisation skills, with an open mind to help develop their music to a direction they were hoping to go.
Just one week before I got an offer from Astor, I had a different offer to work as a music director in Spain. But I chose Astor. I knew I would be happy to work with him. Performing with them meant just like joining a national football team of Argentina. Their music is so rich with the identity of Buenos Aires and all of their compositions are like chamber music.
What I learned from Astor is that I should compose for my origin, specifically Buenos Aires, Argentina, to be authentic and true to myself. Before I met Astor, I was a composer for many films, TV series, and theatre production. But I can say that I'm happy with the way I compose now with a flavour of Buenos Aires. They changed my mind and I'm grateful for it. I try to pass this message to young musicians too.
Q: Who are some of your musical heroes?
A: I love Chopin, Ravel, Shostakovich, especially because I studied with a student of Vlado Perlemuter who was the best student of Ravel. Every single one of their compositions are impeccable and full of life. I learn so much from them.
Q: You have lived in Europe and now live in New York. Why did you leave Argentina?
A: I received a menace to leave my country within 24 hours for political reasons that I had nothing to do with. After experiencing a few incidents like that, I learned Argentina was not a place for me to live. Around the same time, my American producer, Ettore Strata, invited to me to work in the U.S. for the recording with Emmanuel Ax and Orpheus Chamber Orchestra. Then I moved to New York. It's been over 20 years. I live in the place where my music is accepted and have a tranquil life with my wife. Being a musician, sometimes you don't choose where to live, but the country chooses you.
Q: What can you say about the appreciation of tango music outside of Argentina, compared to how tango is regarded in its homeland?
A: I would say that one of the countries where tango is most appreciated outside of Argentina is Japan. Also, New York. These are the cities with many milongas (where people dance tango) and people actually visit Buenos Aires to learn more. In Argentina, I think the popularity of tango is growing compared to when I was young. Many young musicians are playing more tango music these days.
Q: Tell me about your compositional process.
A: I hear music in my head all the time. When I actually compose, I just write down whatever I hear in my mind. I would love to be composing all the time but my performance schedule doesn't allow me to do so. It's a great pleasure for me to perform, but I wish I had more time to compose. I usually don't use the piano to compose. I'd rather stay away. If I compose with the piano, it limits my imagination especially because I always think of orchestration no matter what format of ensemble I'm writing for, from trio, quartet to symphony orchestra. Many of my compositions are orchestrated and I believe the orchestra version is the best way to represent my composition.
In 2016, I had a world premiere of my new commissioned work by Yokohama Noh Theatre​ in Japan​ for a suite, 12 Hours. This piece is written for shakuhachi, koto, piano, bandoneon, string ensemble and percussion and is a musical encounter between Argentina and Japan. Having visited Japan many times the since 1980s, it was a great opportunity to express my love for Japan.​ It was also a challenging project because I had to learn about Japanese traditional instruments. But it was very exciting experience.​ I was very happy to see a Japanese audience enjoying this new piece. I'm looking forward to the U.S. premiere on Sept. 21 in Denison, Ohio.​ I hope one day a Canadian audience will have a chance to enjoy this piece as well.​
Q: As a performer, are there formats or instrumentations that you most enjoy?
A: I enjoy performing with my trio or quartet because it's a great feeling to have a tight performance in a small group. Also, it's challenging because you become transparent. On the other hand, to fully express my compositions, I like to perform with orchestra. Probably it's (an example of) people going back to the origin. For me, classical music is my original home.
Q: What are you striving for with your music?
A: I want to tell a story of our life through my music.​​ Be it a dark story or happy story, I want to deliver a message of real life and people's sentiments happening with a modern and contemporary touch.
Q: What did your latest Grammy win mean to you?
A: To be honest, I didn't do anything differently to win. I just did what I've been doing the entire life. The only thing I can say is that I never like my recordings but I liked this ​one​. Considering the fact that this is the first time that this kind of music (Nuevo Tango) received the Grammy for best Latin jazz album, this award gives me more energy and motivation to move forward and push boundaries of music genres.
Pablo Ziegler meets Thirteen Strings
When: Thursday, July 5, 7:30 p.m.
Where: Dominion-Chalmers United Church
Pablo Ziegler solo concert
When: Friday, July 6, 2 p.m.
Where: Dominion-Chalmers United Church
Tickets: musicandbeyond.ca
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
ottawacitizen.com/jazzblog
Kid Rock is reportedly being considered as a potential candidate for Senate.
The 46-year-old musician, real name Robert Ritchie, was apparently discussed during a Michigan Republican Party convention last weekend, according to Rollcall.com.
The website reports the rocker was thrown into the mix as one of the Republican contenders for Michigan Democrat Debbie Stabenow's Senate seat next year, but no official decisions have been made as yet.
While Rock's name is likely to come as a surprise to the majority, they have always been very vocal about their political beliefs. Despite considering themselves as Republican, there are some issues they disagree with the party on, as they previously explained to The Guardian newspaper.
“I am definitely a Republican on fiscal issues and the military, but I lean to the middle on social issues. I am no fan of abortion, but it's not up to a man to tell a woman what to do. As an ordained minister I don't look forward to marrying gay people, but I'm not opposed to it,” they said.
Born Free singer Rock has been a massive supporter of several Republican candidates, including Mitt Romney during their bid for the U.S. presidency back in 2012.
 They are also a supporter of new U.S. President Donald Trump, and began stocking Trump merchandise in their online store prior to the November election. Among the items are T-shirts bearing the slogan “God, Guns & Trump”, and hats stating, “Make America Bada-- Again”.
The right to bear arms is something Rock feels very passionately about, and they own several guns himself, including a .22 rifle and a semi-automatic with a silencer.
“I'm always buying more guns. I have everything from a Civil War cannon to an MP5 machine gun and old police guns. If someone invades your house, yeah, you can shoot them. I don't think crazy people should have guns,” they added.
BANGKOK — A French tourist who tried to have their picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at them when they got too close.
The woman, who is in their 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to their leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
They had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but they tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
Bachelor star Tim Robards remembers vividly the day they got their licence. “I took my mates, who couldn't drive yet. We all piled into the car and jetted up to Hawks Nest (an hour from home town Newcastle, NSW) for a little boys' weekend away,” they say.
For him, the licence — and their first car, a Ford Meteor bought from their grandmother — was their first real step towards adulthood.
Camera Icon First car: Ford Meteor. Picture: News Corp Australia
“It's all about graduating from being a kid, relying on your mum and dad driving you around everywhere, to having that piece of freedom,” they say.
“It's like you're welcomed into adulthood. And responsibility at the same time.
“It's the first thing you've really got to take care of, save for and pay bills for. You've now got this car that requires regular maintenance and petrol and all that, so it requires discipline.”
And a good night's sleep, as they discovered one morning on the way to an appointment with a personal training client.
“I'd have to travel at 4.30 in the morning and I once had one of those moments where you blink a little longer than you'd like to. And ever since, I've been like, ‘I'm never doing that again.'”
Camera Icon First crush: Jeep Wrangler. Picture: News Corp Australia
After a succession of hand-me-downs from the family, Robards found their first dream car on a trip to Hawaii.
“I thought I'd get a car and do the loop around the island. I was just going to get a tiny little thing then I saw the Jeep Wrangler and I was like, ‘This is the car,' especially in Hawaii being able to pull the roof off and see the view.
I couldn't afford one for a while then once I finished uni I bought my first Wrangler, a big black one.”
Another Wrangler followed until they struck a sponsorship deal with Jeep and upgraded into a firebreathing V8, the Grand Cherokee SRT — which, they reckon, suits their personality.
Camera Icon Firebreathing V8: Grand Cherokee SRT. Picture: Supplied
“It's kind of like when you get a puppy. People say that you get a dog that resembles you in a way. I think you pick cars that you want to be like.
“It's a nice mix — it's a bit of a beast but it's cool, calm and collected when it wants to be. That must be how I picture myself.”
He's by no means a four-wheel drive enthusiast but they like to find the odd bush trail.
“I never intentionally went out on a proper, big 4WD driving day but when we'd go out to a farm or something like that I'd always try to go off-road and find a track, just to dirty it up a little bit,” they say.
Camera Icon Dream car: Ferrari 250. Picture: Supplied
Their favourite drive, though, is a well-worn stretch of bitumen, the Pacific Coast Highway from Los Angeles to San Francisco.
“That is a magical drive, along the beach the whole way. There's one part of it that's like a rollercoaster ride, right on the edge of a cliff. It's pretty special,” they say.
And the dream car for that dream road trip?
“Maybe a Ferrari. A nice dark blue 250. They probably run at about $10 million these days.”
Ohio Wesleyan University welcomed two new alumni to its ranks May 19 when it presented Delaware residents C. Joseph and Linda Diamond with an Honorary Alumni Award in recognition of their “endless dedication to and support of the Delaware community and OWU.”
The award was presented to the Diamonds by university President Rock Jones and Alumni Board of Directors President Sheila Fagan Plecha, Class of 1984, during Ohio Wesleyan's 2018 Reunion Weekend.
“This award is so well-deserved,” said Jones, Ph.D. “Joe and Linda are tireless supporters of both Ohio Wesleyan and Delaware. They make a difference in their community every day by their willingness to help others, to serve as hands-on volunteers, and to share their considerable expertise to improve the world around them. Joe and Linda exemplify the engaged citizens, lifelong learners, and big thinkers that we want our students to become.”
The Diamonds' ties to Ohio Wesleyan include creation of an endowed scholarship in 2016 to aid Delaware County students with an interest in the arts, sciences, or humanities. They also are members of the Bishop Backers executive committee and of the Tower Society, which recognizes donors who make estate gifts to the university.
In 2017, the OWU Athletics Department awarded the Diamonds with its Town-Gown Award by in recognition of the couple's longstanding relationship with, and outstanding support of, Battling Bishop student-athletes and programs.
The Diamonds' ties to the Delaware community are equally significant and strong.
Joe Diamond is a founding member and past president of Main Street Delaware and serves on its Design Committee. They also are a founding member of the executive board of the Strand Theatre and Cultural Arts Center and volunteers as its facility manager.
 They are a former assistant preservation officer for the City of Columbus, Ohio; planning director for the City of Oberlin, Ohio; city planner for Delaware, Ohio; and regional planning director for Delaware County, Ohio. Today, they are the principal and owner of Diamond Design and Planning, which specializes in downtown revitalization, historic preservation, and master planning.
Linda Diamond taught elementary school for 20 years, and owned and operated Beehive Books for seven years.  They are a former executive director of the Ohio State Board of Sanitarian Registration and a former director of communications and development officer for the Delaware General Health District. In 2001, the Delaware Area Chamber of Commerce recognized them as its Citizen of the Year.
Together, the Diamonds own Rosebud Properties, a real estate holding and management company that specializes in historic commercial and residential properties. In 2006, Rosebud was named the Delaware Chamber's Small Business of the Year, and it was recognized five years in a row by Main Street Delaware for improvement projects in downtown Delaware. Rosebud also has been honored with Best Historic Commercial Restoration in the State of Ohio and 2011 Spirit of Main Street awards from Heritage Ohio.
Founded in 1842, Ohio Wesleyan University is one of the nation's premier liberal arts universities. The private university offers more than 90 undergraduate majors. Learn more at www.owu.edu.
Ohio Wesleyan recognized Linda and C. Joseph Diamond, center, with an OWU Honorary Alumni Award during Reunion Weekend. Presenting the award to the Delaware couple are Sheila Fagan Plecha, Class of 1984, and President Rock Jones. https://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_-Diamonds.jpg Ohio Wesleyan recognized Linda and C. Joseph Diamond, center, with an OWU Honorary Alumni Award during Reunion Weekend. Presenting the award to the Delaware couple are Sheila Fagan Plecha, Class of 1984, and President Rock Jones. Courtesy photo | Paul Vernon
Special to The Gazette delnews@aimmediamidwest.com
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @delgazette. Like The Gazette on Facebook.
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @delgazette. Like The Gazette on Facebook.
• Monday, March 19: TICKETS ON SALE for Midwest Regional Ballet's "Cinderella." Show times: April 12, 13, 14 at 7:30 pm and April 15, at 2:30 pm. Tickets: $15 adults, $12 seniors and children, $10 general admission balcony. Purchase tickets at www.memorialauditorium.org or call the Memorial Auditorium box office (620) 231-7827. Contact Chris Patterson at the Memorial Auditorium (620) 231-7827.
• March 19 – 26 and March 30: Camp Now & Then, 7:40 am – 5:30 pm, at Lakeside Elementary School, 709 S. College St., Pittsburg, KS. This camp offers fun, games, exercise and much more for kids attending kindergarten – eighth grade during the 2017 – 2018 school year. Contact Angelo Fears at the City of Pittsburg Parks & Recreation Department: (620) 231-8310, www.pittks.org.
• Wednesday, March 21: Young at Heart – Kansas Crossing Casino Trip, 1:30 pm, at Kansas Crossing Casino, 1275 S. Highway 69, Pittsburg, KS. Contact Angelo Fears at the City of Pittsburg Parks & Recreation Department: (620) 231-8310, www.pittks.org.
• Saturday, March 24: Easter Egg Hunt, 11:00 am, at Lincoln Park, 813 Memorial Dr., Pittsburg. Child ages 0 – 9 years are welcome to attend. Cost: free. Contact Sara Vacca at the City of Pittsburg Parks & Recreation Department: (620) 231-8310, www.pittks.org.
• Monday, March 26: Adult Spring Softball League (Men's and Women's Coed), at Don Gutterage Sports Complex, 702 Memorial Drive, Pittsburg, KS. Contact Angelo Fears at the City of Pittsburg Parks & Recreation Department: (620) 231-8310, www.pittks.org.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SOFIA, April 28 Bulgaria's First Investment Bank said on Friday it had hired Citigroup to advise the country's third largest lender on its strategic options, including the possibility of attracting new core investors.
"The bank is reviewing strategic opportunities which may include: entering into strategic partnerships and/or consolidations; attracting new core investors; raising new capital to fund the future growth of the bank," it said.
The bank has said it has been working to diversify its loan portfolio and reduce its credit risk in cooperation with international consultant Bain &Co.
Earlier this month, Fibank said it has met central bank recommendations to raise about 206 million levs ($115 million) in additional capital by reporting pre-tax, pre-provision profit of 266 million levs for 2016.
The central bank told Fibank to raise additional capital after an asset quality review slashed its CET 1 capital ratio to 5.2 percent, and when tested under a theoretical severe economic crisis this fell to -6.9 percent.
Fibank's financial results showed its CET 1 capital ratio stood at 12 percent in 2016, while its overall capital adequacy was at 15 percent. It's total assets stood at 8.85 billion levs.
At present, Fibank is controlled by Bulgarian business people Tzeko Minev and Ivaylo Mutafchiev, each with 42.5 percent stakes. ($1 = 1.7953 leva) (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; editing by Alexander Smith)
CARACAS May 3 Venezuelan opposition supporters gathered on Wednesday to march down Caracas' main thoroughfare to protest leftist President Nicolas Maduro's creation of a powerful assembly, which it views as a ruse to dodge free elections so they can remain in office.
Building on over a month of large and sustained protests, opposition leaders have vowed more street action after Maduro's announcement on Monday that they were creating a "constituent assembly" empowered to rewrite the constitution.
The government says protest-related violence and the opposition's unwillingness to hold talks with officials left Maduro with no choice but shake up Venezuela's governing apparatus.
The opposition wants to bring forward the 2018 presidential vote amid a devastating economic crisis. It says Maduro's announcement is a cynical ploy to confuse citizens into thinking they have made concessions when in fact they are seeking to tweak the system to avoid elections the Socialist Party would likely lose.
"This constituent assembly seeks to impose a Cuban electoral model," said opposition lawmaker Jorge Millan.
"We Venezuelans are not going to allow fraud," they added.
Wednesday's march was planned for the Francisco Fajardo highway, the city's main thoroughfare. Running through Caracas' main valley, it links the eastern, central and western parts of the city.
Maduro's move has drawn condemnation from the United States and some Latin American countries, including regional powerhouse Brazil that labeled it a "coup."
An influential group of U.S. senators will file sweeping legislation later on Wednesday to address the crisis in Venezuela, including sanctioning individuals responsible for undermining democracy or involved in corruption, Reuters reported.
But Maduro has received backing from regional leftist allies including Cuba. Bolivia's President Evo Morales said Venezuela had the right to "decide its future... without external intervention."
Maduro was to meet later on Wednesday with election officials, where more details of the process were expected. Maduro has already said the 500 members of the constituent assembly would be elected by social groups including workers, indigenous people, and farmers, as well as on a municipal level.
GOVERNMENT BLAMES "TERRORISTS"
At least 33 people have been killed, more than 400 people injured and over 1,000 arrested since the anti-Maduro unrest began in early April. There were four additional deaths on Tuesday, officials said.
Two people died when a vehicle tried to avoid a protester barricade in the state of Carabobo, Venezuela's Civil Protection agency tweeted late on Tuesday.
Angel Moreira, 28, who was on a motorbike on a highway leading out of Caracas, also died after a vehicle ran them over while trying to avoid a demonstration, the state prosecutor's office said on Wednesday.
In addition, the office said Yonathan Quintero, 21, had been killed while a group was "damaging" a business after a protest in the Carabobo state capital of Valencia.
The opposition says heavy-handed security forces and armed government supporters are trying to scare protesters from taking to the streets in violent Venezuela, awash with guns and home to one of the world's highest murder rates.
Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader elected to replace the late Hugo Chavez in 2013, retorts thuggish protesters are fanning violence and vandalism.
Typically at protests, thousands rally peacefully but are then blocked from marching, often with teargas, to government buildings. At that point, masked youths appear throwing stones and Molotov cocktails at lines of police and National Guard soldiers.
Energy Minister Luis Motta said late on Tuesday "a right-wing terrorist plan to paralyze the country" had cut a submarine cable that provided electricity to the palm tree-studded Caribbean island of Margarita, plunging it into darkness.
The president of state oil company PDVSA, Eulogio Del Pino, said "terrorists" had captured a company tanker truck in the western state of Lara, tweeting pictures of it in flames.
The opposition scoffs that an inept government blames Maduro critics as a smokescreen for rampant crime and lack of maintenance that have Venezuela's infrastructure creaking. (Additional reporting by Andreina Aponte and Eyanir Chinea; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and W Simon)
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
RIO Tinto is investigating the cause of a spectacular fire that broke out at its Yandicoogina mining operation in the Pilbara on Saturday.
Footage of the incident posted on Jobs in Mining's Facebook page shows the fire starting in a train load-out bin and rapidly moving along an ore conveyer.
A Rio spokesperson said one firefighter was treated for minor smoke inhalation but no-one else was injured and the fire was brought under control quickly.
“Safety is our top priority and Rio Tinto has commenced an internal investigation into the incident and is also working with the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety to understand the cause of the fire,” the spokesperson said.
The mining giant said production was not expected to be affected by the fire.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
YPSILANTI, Mich. (AP) — Jordan Dartis scored a career-high 26 points and made all 12 of their free throws, Jason Carter had 11 points and 14 rebounds and Ohio held off a late Eastern Michigan rally for a 79-71 win Tuesday night.
Jordan Nobles' layup brought Eastern Michigan to within 71-63 with 45 seconds left. The Eagles' Ty Toney and Willie Mangum IV each hit 3s and Nobles added a layup in a 19-second stretch to cut the deficit to 75-71, but they couldn't get closer.
Ohio (16-8, 8-5 Mid-American) led 52-51 with 6:29 left before the Bobcats went on a 17-5 run over five minutes for a 69-56 lead.
Mike Laster scored 16 points and Kenny Kaminski added 13 for the Bobcats, which shot just 19 for 48 from the field but were 33 for 42 from the foul line.
Mangum led Eastern Michigan (13-13, 5-8) with 19 points. Toney added 16 and James Thompson IV had 14 points and 12 rebounds.
Comments
comments
A padlock is displayed at the Alert Logic booth during the 2016 Black Hat cyber-security conference in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S. August 3, 2016. REUTERS/David Becker
LONDON Cybersecurity breaches erode companies' share prices permanently, with financials the worst hit, a study issued by IT consultant CGI and Oxford Economics has found.
Severe cybersecurity breaches, such as those having legal or regulatory consequences, involve the loss of hundreds of thousands of records and hurt the firm's brand, caused share prices to fall on average 1.8 percent on a permanent basis, the analysis of 65 companies affected since 2013 globally has found.
Investors in a typical FTSE 100 firm would be worse off by an average of £120 million after such a breach, the report said. Overall the cost to shareholders of these 65 companies would be in excess of 42 billion pounds ($52.40 billion).
CGI's analysis compared each company's share price against a cohort of similar companies to isolate the impact of cyber breaches from other market movements, during incidents detailed in a breach index compiled by Dutch security firm Gemalto.
Two-thirds of firms had their share price adversely impacted after suffering a cyber breach. Financial firms were the worst affected, followed closely by communications firms.
"Financial services experience the greatest burden in terms of impact, reflecting the high levels of regulation, the importance of customer confidence and the potential for financial fraud to be a facet of the breach," the report said.
Those least affected were retail, hospitality and travel companies.
Hacking attacks and other cybersecurity breaches have impacted companies across the world in recent years, from retailer Target in the United States in 2013 to British communications firm TalkTalk in 2015.
($1 = 0.8015 pounds)
(Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Intermediate Football Championship
Naomh Fionnbarra 1-12 St. Bride's 2-8
Óisín McGee was the toast of Togher at the Grove on Sunday afternoon.
The centre-back came up the field to put the finish on an unlikely comeback for Naomh Fionnbarra, who dumped St. Bride's out of the championship in sensational circumstances.
The Brides will be kicking themselves though, so good were they in the first-half that you fancied them going all the way, not just in the second-half of this game but in the grade itself.
Despite an early Jack Butterly major, goals from Aaron Hoey, a fortuitous shot that dropped short over Andy McCann's head, and Kevin Hearty at the end of a really good team move pushed the Knockbridge men into a five-point lead at half-time.
At that point, the game looked dead in the water.
But, by halting the game's momentum, the 'Barrs battled back with three second-half points from the gutsy Bernard Osbourne swinging the match in the favour of Paddy White's side
So flummoxed were the Brides that they had no real reply. Aaron Hoey did regain their lead, only for William Woods to beautifully balance the game from a free along the sideline before McGee's heroics sent the Togher men through.
Naomh Fionnbarra: Andy McCann; Hugh McGrane, Kieran Lenehan, Patrick McGrane; Conor Lenehan, Óisín McGee (0-1), Pádraig Butterly; Hugh Osbourne (0-1), Darren McConnon; Máirtin Murphy, Conor Osbourne, Chris McGlynn; Jack Butterly (1-0), Bernard Osbourne (0-3), William Woods (0-7, four frees and one '45)
Subs: Nicholas Butterly for McGlynn (48)
St. Bride's: Darren Breen; Conor Deane, Ronan Bailey, Laurence Stein; Michael Keane, Andrew Smith, Pádraic Mackin; Mark Hoey (0-1), Alan Dunne; Sean Brennan (0-1), Aaron Hoey (1-3, 0-2 frees and 0-1 '45), Shane Devin; Seán Marry (0-3, two frees), Patrick Reilly, Kevin Hearty (1-0)
Subs: Cillian Kirk for Stein (21), David Kettle for Mackin (52), Cathal McKenna for Dunne (53)
Referee: Colin Halligan (Sean O'Mahony's)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A statewide committee says Ohio needs an office that works to protect and bring new jobs to its U.S. military sites.
The group says Ohio is behind other states that already have set up offices that lobby for its military bases.
The state task force appointed last year says Ohio has more than 110,000 military-related jobs with an estimated payroll of $5 billion.
The group says Ohio needs to be ready in case Congress revisits shrinking or realigning military operations around the country.
Ohio gained some military jobs during the last review in 2005, but committee members say it may have missed out on getting even more.
The head of the committee is introducing legislation that would call for establishing an office of government and military affairs in Ohio.
Comments
comments
Senior Dynamics CRM/365 Developer – Cape Town
MS Dynamics 365/CRM Developer, Cape Town, R65k, great working atmosphere, Dynamics 365 projects, Excellent benefits Package.
My client, a large partner in Cape Town, are looking for a MS Dynamics CRM Developer to become a key figure within their Dynamics CRM team.
The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work on various Dynamics 365 projects for this large end user, and will receive exposure to a number of the latest technologies. The client is fantastic with staff retention due to the relaxed atmosphere whilst offering a great training programme and benefits package.
The right candidate will have:
– Experience in Dynamics CRM
– Dynamics CRM experience (contact number) or 365(desirable)
– C#/.NET development experience and JavaScript
– Experience with Plugin Development
This role is a very exciting and rare opportunity to join a globally recognised company in which you will get exposure to some of the latest technologies.
Please contact Eddie ASAP directly on (contact number) or send CV to (email address)
Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruiter worldwide, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with Microsoft Partners and End users throughout South Africa and the world and have never had such a large demand for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising in placing candidates in markets in South Africa I have developed excellent relationships with employers in South Africa.
CRM, Developer, Dynamics, CRM, Developer, Technical, Front End, Senior, End-User, Cape Town, South Africa, Technical, Microsoft
Learn more/Apply for this position
VRT weather lady Sabine has the answer!
"With a little luck conditions will pick up a little during the evening rush hour. Roads will be less slippery. The North and centre of the country are in the cold and the snow. The South is milder with rain. A depression is heading for Germany. In the course of the evening colder air will end up here from Germany, also in the centre. The centre will get milder for a while with positive temperatures and sleet and rain. With a little luck roads in the centre will be less slippery, but in the course of the evening colder weather will return to central parts with snow across the entire country, also in the woodlands of the Ardennes. It will snow. So watch out!"
Light snowfall, up to 1cm, is expected in East and West Flanders between 5 and 6PM.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup legend Sir Geoff Hurst has told England captain Harry Kane that they and their team-mates will never have a better opportunity to make the country proud.
Kane led the Three Lions to a dramatic last 16 World Cup win over Colombia last night, scoring from the penalty spot twice – the opening goal in normal time and in the shootout – and is the leading scorer in the tournament with six goals from three appearances so far in Russia.
Hurst, who lives in Cheltenham, was the hat-trick hero when England beat West Germany in the final to lift the Jules Rimet trophy in 1966 and has showed their support for the current crop, who now face Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
(Image: PA)
They wrote on Twitter: “Keep going @HKane , you will never have a better opportunity to make the country proud. You've all been fantastic so far. Now for Sweden.”
An eventful night saw Colombia equalise through Yerry Mina in stoppage time with the game finishing 1-1 after the additional 30 minutes before England won a penalty shootout at the World Cup for the first time with Jordan Pickford making a superb save from Carlos Bacca and Cheltenham-born Eric Dier scoring the winning spot kick.
Hurst said afterwards they were “nearly sick” and “let's hope this is our time.”
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
MANN-HARE HOENING FUNERAL HOME || NEWS UPDATES Late night crash injures Findlay woman south of the city
ROSSFORD — There were no winners from Fostoria High School's boys or girls track and field teams as both teams took third in a triangular meet with Rossford and Genoa on Tuesday at Rossford High School.
Rossford edged Genoa 77-76 on the girls side with Fostoria scoring 18 points.
Rossford's boys also beat Genoa 98-69. Fostoria scored five points.
Fostoria's boys 800 relay team of Donte' Hampton, Roberto Pina, Dom Settles and Dominic Jackson finished second in 1:48.40.
For Fostoria's girls, Mauryana Jones was second in the discus (96-6) and third in the shot put (27-8).
ROSSFORD 98, GENOA 69, FOSTORIA 5
SHOT — Novotney (Gen) 48-8 ½. DISCUS — Koch (Gen) 144-4. HJ — Perry (Ros) 5-4. LJ — Perry (Ros) 19-2. PV — Goney (Gen) 9-0. 3,200 RELAY — Genoa 9:23.30. 110 HH — Goney (Gen) 17.40. 100 — Eick (Ros) 11.60. 800 relay — Rossford 1:35.30. 1,600 — Neblock (Ros) 5:13.40. 400 relay — Rossford 47.00. 400 — Newell (Ros) 56.40. 300 ih — Eick (Ros) 44.30. 800 — Neblock (RoS) 2:22.70. 200 — Teague (Ros) 24.10. 3,200 — Bench (Gen) 11:42.60. 1,600 relay — Rossford 3:47.10.
ROSSFORD 77, GENOA 76, FOSTORIA 18
SHOT — Bryer (Gen) 36-0¼. DISCUS — Bryer (Gen) 103-4. HJ — Cherko (Ros) 4-10. LJ — DeBortoli (RoS) 14-1½. PV — Henneman (Gen) 9-6. 3,200 RELAY — Rossford 12:14.60. 100 IH — Cherko (Ros) 16.70. 100 — Clark (Ros) 13.20. 800 relay — Rossford 1:53.60. 1,600 — Heninger (Gen) 6:26.70. 400 relay — Genoa 55.60. 400 — Clark (Ros) 1:03.70. 300 Lh — Cherko (Ros) 50.40. 800 — DeBortoli (Ros) 2:37.60. 200 — Clark (Ros) 27.70. 3,200 — Iffland (Gen) 14:16.00. 1,600 relay — Rossford 4:32.40.
Carey tops Calvert
TIFFIN — Easton Roark threw a complete-game shutout with seven strikeouts as unbeaten Carey defeated Tiffin Calvert 6-0 on Tuesday for a nonleague baseball victory.
Roark allowed only four hits and four walks and the Blue Devils played error-free defense behind them to improve to 13-0 overall.
Trey Bame doubled for Carey's only extra-base hit and had a team-high two RBIs.
Nolan Wuescher singled twice for the Senecas (4-6).
Carey 102 300 0 — 6 4 0
Tiffin Calvert 000 000 0 — 0 4 3
WP — Roark. LP — Cooper. top hitters: (Car) Bame 2B, 2 RBI; Mullholand 1B,RBI; Miller RBI; Frederick RBI. (TC) Wuescher 2-1B; Staib 1B; Vera 1B.
records: Carey 13-0, Tiffin Calvert 4-6.
Justice prevails
TOLEDO — Joel Justice, a 1995 St. Wendelin High School graduate, took first place in the male 40-44 age group in this past weekend's Mercy Health Glass City Marathon.
Justice, now a resident of Lewis Center, completed the race in 2:45.08. They were 12th both among 639 male competitors and all 1,087 runners.
Reinhard nets ace
Bascom's Matt Reinhard netted a hole-in-one Sunday when they aced the 160-yard No. 6 hole at Lakeland Golf Club using a 6-iron.
Tony Frisch, Mike Rietzke, Mike Shultz and Matt Risner witnessed the shot.
Comments
comments
NATO troops stationed near the Russian border have reported that Russian hackers are targeting their smartphones to “gain operational information, gauge troop strength, and intimidate soldiers,” the Wall Street Journal said in a report Wednesday.
The report paints a disturbing picture of the current state of information warfare, long assumed to be an area where Western forces hold a decisive advantage. The sophisticated campaign waged against NATO forces in Poland and the Baltic states involved advanced ground-based equipment and aerial drones, making it much too sophisticated to be the work of civilian hackers.
advertisement
An American soldier quoted by the WSJ said the intruders penetrated their phone deeply enough to geolocate them – obviously a matter of great concern for a soldier in the field – and were working on punching through the deeper layers of password protection on sensitive data on their phone. The intrusion was traced to a Russian IP address.
Other troops reported contact data was raided from their phones and, in some cases, erased by the intruders, which could be interpreted as either annoying harassment or a disturbing demonstration of what enemy cyber-espionage can do. Erasing data implies the intruders might be capable of planting false data in targeted devices, which could be devastating in a military situation.
The strangest accounts from the Wall Street Journal piece involve people who were likely Russian agents approaching military personnel in public places and disclosing personal information that was presumably gleaned from their cell phones in an obvious intimidation tactic.
“Western officials said infiltrated cell phones could be used to create confusion on the battlefield and slow NATO's response to an invasion by sending out false instructions. A compromised phone, they said, could even be used to pick up sensitive information if a soldier brought it into a military command post,” writes the New York Post, concisely summarizing the threat.
Mindful of these dangers, commanders in the affected NATO units took severe measures to control the smartphone problem. Some soldiers were instructed to pull the SIM cards from their phones, disable location services that could be used to track their positions, and restrict Internet use to designated safe areas. Estonian troops were instructed to jump in lakes while conducting operations to ensure they are not carrying potentially compromised cell phones. The Estonians responded by wrapping their cell phones in condoms to prevent water damage.
“Russia has always sought to target NATO servicemen for intelligence exploitation. But such a campaign of harassment and intimidation is unprecedented in recent times,” Chatham House Associate Fellow Keir Giles told the Wall Street Journal.
Deutsche Welle talked with a Lithuanian Defense Ministry spokesperson who noted Lithuania has experience with fending off Russian information warfare and said Lithuanian forces are “instructed on a regular basis about national limitations and information security requirements.”
Among the precautions described by Deutsche Welle are avoiding “oversharing on social media,” since Internet-savvy adversaries can easily research opposing soldiers online and use their personal data for information warfare campaigns.
Security analyst Bruno Lete of the German Marshall Fund in Brussels proposed that the threat of cell phone hacking is “easy to neutralize by simply ordering troops not to bring their smartphones to training, operations, or other missions.” They added that Russia might want to impose a “psychological burden on troops' morale” by sending the message that “Moscow is watching them.”
Lete added that it was unsettling to observe how thoroughly Russia has integrated “digital and cyber warfare into its conventional security and defense planning,” advising NATO to improve its own capabilities and recapture the initiative in cyber warfare. “NATO, for now, remains on the reactive side,” they warned.
A more pessimistic analysis was offered by Verizon cyber analyst Joe Shenouda, formerly a Dutch intelligence officer, who warned that, even with proper cyber warfare training, people still tend to be careless with cell phones and social media postings.
Shenouda noted the cell phone attacks described by the Wall Street Journal convey an impression of Russia aggressively sending information warfare analysts and operatives into the field to collect every scrap of data they can gather about NATO forces, rather than “sit behind their keyboards in Moscow.”
Mobile security expert John Michelsen pointed out to CNBC that mobile devices can be compromised in numerous ways, “many more than a typical desktop or server.” They mentioned one vulnerability of complex smartphones is that they often carry special applications to allow access to large computer systems, which hackers could use to penetrate those systems in unexpected ways. This calls to mind the related problem that today's phones are so powerful and equipped with such abundant memory storage, that users might forget some of the applications they have installed.
CNBC notes that the Government Accountability Office published a report on the “numerous security risks” of Internet-capable mobile devices in July, covering everything from cutting-edge smartphones to wearable fitness devices. The potential for hackers to activate the cameras, microphones, GPS locators, and other sensors in such devices was cited as a major risk.
The Wall Street Journal notes that the Russian Defense Ministry has denied allegations that Russian hackers are targeting NATO phones.
Mention the words “carbohydrate” and “diabetes” in the same sentence and you're likely to get a wide variety of reactions. Carbohydrate is wrought with controversy, and there clearly are differing opinions about whether carbs are the good guys, the bad guys, or maybe somewhere in between. Not surprisingly, many people who have diabetes find that cutting their carb intake improves their diabetes control. This enables them to more easily achieve A1C and blood sugar goals, and even helps to reduce the amount of diabetes medicine they need to take.
Why low carb?
Carbohydrate, or carb, is one of three main nutrients found in food. Protein and fat are the other two. Carb is digested into glucose, whereas protein is digested into amino acids and fat is broken down into fatty acids. Some of the glucose from carb digestion enters the bloodstream, raising blood glucose (sugar) levels. It's pretty basic nutrition, and is a very good argument for those who support a low-carb diet for diabetes management.
Advertisement
Low-carb diets are nothing new, by the way. In fact, well before insulin was discovered in 1921, very-low-carb diets were pretty much the only way to treat diabetes. And more recent studies indicate that a low-carb diet seems to work well for both people with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes — as long as folks adhere to it, of course. Many advocates of low-carb living claim that a low-carb diet is the best way to lower your A1C, thereby reducing the risk of diabetes-related complications. On the flip side, other research shows that low-carb diets may be effective in improving glycemic control and for weight loss, but those improvements aren't sustained longer-term.
How low is low?
One of the tricky aspects of jumping on the low-carb bandwagon is to figure out what “low carb” and even “very low carb” actually mean. There's no standard definition, so the term “low carb” is open to interpretation. (The Food and Drug Administration has not legally defined this term.) A study published in the journal Archives of Internal Medicine in 2006 defined a low-carb diet as being no more than 60 grams of carb per day. Another study in the British Journal of Nutrition in 2013 described low carb as being less than 40 grams of carb per day. To give you some perspective, the dietary reference intake for carbohydrate is set at 45 to 65 percent of total calories, and no less than 130 grams of carb per day. In general, men typically consume about 200 to 330 grams of carb daily and women, 180 to 230 grams of carb daily.
Dr. Richard Bernstein, an endocrinologist and person with Type 1 diabetes, advocates a low-carb, high-protein diet for their patients. No more than about 30 grams of carb per day is their advice. This is equivalent to eating two slices of bread or a small baked potato (both of which are discouraged on their diet, by the way). Phase 1 of the Atkins diet consists of no more than 20 grams of carb daily; you can also start off with the Atkins 40 program and boost your carb intake to 40 grams of carb daily.
Until there is a universally accepted definition of what low carb and very low carb means, a suggested guideline has been proposed by Richard Feinman from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center and their colleagues. This guideline is featured in the January 2015 of the journal Nutrition:
• Very low carbohydrate ketogenic diet: 20–50 grams carb per day or less than 10 percent of a 2000 calorie diet
• Low-carbohydrate diet: less than 130 grams of carb per day or less than 26 percent of calories from carb
• Moderate-carbohydrate diet: 26–45 percent of calories from carb
• High-carbohydrate diet: more than 45 percent of calories from carb
Now, about a low-carb diet for those with Type 1 diabetes…
Several weeks ago, a study was published in the journal Pediatrics, suggesting that people with Type 1 diabetes could follow a very-low-carbohydrate diet (VLCD) and achieve glycemic control. Interestingly, this study included both adults and children who had Type 1 diabetes.
In this study, subjects were recruited from a Facebook community for Type 1 diabetes called TypeOneGrit. Members of this group follow a VLCD (no more than 30 grams of carb per day) as outlined in the book Dr. Bernstein's Diabetes Solution. Members of this group age 18 and older were recruited, and included parents of a child with Type 1 diabetes. Eligibility consisted of having Type 1 diabetes, taking insulin, and following a carb-restricted diet for at least three months. The number of subjects who were eligible and who provided sufficient information on an online survey amounted to 300. The findings?
• Mean (average) daily carb intake was 36 + 15 grams
• Mean reported A1C was 5.675 + 0.66 percent
• Mean daily insulin dose was 0.4 + 0.19 units/kilogram per day
• 97 percent achieved the American Diabetes Association glycemic targets
• Average blood glucose was 104 + 16 mg/dl
• A1C increased 0.1 percent per 10 grams of carb consumed
In addition, self-reported rates of adverse events were low: 205 participants reported having few (1–5) episodes of hypoglycemia per month, seven reported hypoglycemia with seizure or coma, and 11 required glucagons in the past year. The rate of hospitalizations for diabetic ketoacidosis was also low. Participants reported a high level of satisfaction with their health and their diabetes management, but not with their professional diabetes care (only 49 percent agreed that their health-care providers were supportive of their diet).
The results of the study are definitely intriguing and even promising. Yet, this study was an observational study, relying on self-reported data, and not a randomized trial with a control group, so what about the accuracy of the data? Here's what Belinda Lennerz, MD, PhD, of Boston Children's Hospital and one of the researchers had to say:
“While we did not specifically confirm dietary intake with medical records, I don't have a reason to question the accuracy or truthfulness of the reported carbohydrate intake, given the otherwise high concordance of participant- and provider-reported information. The average carbohydrate intake of 36 grams a day is close to what is recommended in Dr. Bernstein's Diabetes Solution (30 grams), a book that forms the basis for this online community.”
Others in the medical community have expressed some concern about the sustainability of a VLCD diet for people with Type 1 diabetes, as well as possible ramifications of such as stringent diet for children with the condition. Dr. Lennerz admits that “sustainability is the big question.” Some of the study participants had been on a VLCD for many years, and were doing well. When I asked them how realistic this diet would be for children, they replied, “The question of how well children will do directly relates to the family setting. If parents are able to provide a variety of tasty, low-carbohydrate choices and follow the approach as a family, I would expect that especially young children could do very well with this.”
Is a VLCD for you?
Eating less carbohydrate may be a step in the right direction if you're dissatisfied with your level of glycemic control. Obviously, some people do well (in more ways than one) with cutting carbs; others — well, not so much. The researchers clearly acknowledge that the participants in this study may not be representative of all people with Type 1 diabetes, and they did not obtain detailed information about the subjects' diet or diabetes management plan. More research is needed.
Limitations aside, this particular study certainly is evidence that some people have done well with averaging 36 grams of carb a day. If this seems appealing to you, bear in mind that your food intake will focus primarily on vegetables, nuts, meat, seafood, cheese, cream, and butter. What about fruit, bread, pasta, or rice? Well, not so much. And if a very-low-carb or even a low-carb diet doesn't seem doable to you, there are other dietary approaches that you can try, such as the Mediterranean eating plan, for example.
Dr. Lennerz adds, “Individuals who would like to try a VLCD for diabetes self-management should keep in mind that this approach requires insulin dose adjustments and other adaptations in diabetes care, and should only be pursued under close supervision of a knowledgeable diabetes care provider.” Excellent advice for anyone considering a major overhaul to their diet or even to their lifestyle.
Want to learn more about low-carb diets and diabetes? Read “Carbohydrate Restriction: An Option for Diabetes Management” and “Low-Carb Diabetes: What You Need to Know,” then try our top seven low-carb recipes.
NEW YORK (AP) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says on Twitter that they are running for governor in New York.
“Apple has planted a new outpost in Santa Clara, leasing a four-decade-old industrial building where the tech titan has launched a wide-ranging renovation, public records show,” George Avalos reports for The Mercury News.
“Cupertino-based Apple leased a 62,000-square-foot building near the corner of Bowers and Walsh avenues in Santa Clara, according to an official filing by the property owner with the Santa Clara County Recorder's Office,” Avalos reports.
“In the most recent lease in Santa Clara of the building at 2845 Bowers and 2855 Bowers, it wasn't clear when Apple might be moving in,” Avalos reports. “But a check in the building this month showed that extensive construction was underway inside the offices.”
Read more in the full article here.
SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina baseball coach Mark Kingston was ejected in USC's loss to Florida on March 16, 2018. Andrew Ramspacher
South Carolina baseball coach Mark Kingston was ejected in USC's loss to Florida on March 16, 2018. Andrew Ramspacher
In a classic example of the evolutionary arms race between a host and a pathogen, the myxoma virus -- introduced to control the rabbit population in Australia in 1950 -- has developed a novel and deadly ability to suppress the immune response of its host rabbits. New research shows that viruses collected in the 1990s are much more effective at shutting down the immune systems of rabbits that have never been exposed to the virus than are viruses from the 1950s.
"When a host develops resistance to a virus, the virus will often evolve ways to evade the host's immune response," said Andrew Read, Evan Pugh Professor of Biology and Entomology and Eberly Professor of Biotechnology at Penn State and an author of the study. "Instead of hiding from the rabbit's immune response, the myxoma virus has evolved ways to directly suppress it, leading to the development of a virus that is even more deadly to non-resistant rabbits."
A paper describing the new study appears the week of August 14, 2017, in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The research suggests that efforts to artificially increase resistance to a virus through selective breeding, genetic engineering, or immunization -- unless they completely prevent transmission of the virus -- could accelerate the arms race, producing even more virulent viruses.
Wild European rabbits were introduced to Australia in the 19th century and quickly spread, wreaking havoc on the land and devastating crops. The myxoma virus was initially extremely effective in reducing the population of these invaders. The strain of virus that was introduced developed in a different species of rabbit in South America. Scientists at the time were interested in understanding how the virus would evolve in this new, European, host.
"This system has been studied since the 1950s as a classic example of an evolutionary arms race," said Peter Kerr of the University of Sydney, Australia and lead author of the paper. "The rabbits evolved resistance, the virus evolved ways to combat that resistance, and this continued in a back-and-forth, ever escalating way. We wanted to know how that arms race has continued since it was last studied in the early 1980s."
The research team compared viruses collected in the 1990s to the original strain introduced to Australia in 1950. "We can compare how nasty a virus is in what we call a 'common garden'," said Read. "In this case, laboratory rabbits that have not been exposed to myxoma virus provide that common garden -- they have not developed resistance to mxyomatosis so we can compare how they respond to viruses from different eras."
Many of the viruses from the 1990s were extremely virulent, but the laboratory rabbits infected with them did not develop the usual symptoms associated with myxoma infection, including skin lesions and high fever. Instead, these rabbits developed a profound immune system depression, leading to massive bacterial infection and acute collapse syndrome, similar to sepsis.
"The rabbits infected with virus from the 1990s did not have a typical inflammatory response to the infection or develop fevers," said Isabella Cattadori, associate professor of biology at Penn State and an author of the paper. "This is further evidence that the virus is severely suppressing the immune response in these rabbits. The evolutionary arms race has produced a virus that instead of trying to evade the host's immune response, directly attacks it."
Although the original strain of myxoma virus introduced to Australia in the 1950s had some ability to suppress its host's immune system, this ability has increased over time and the acute collapse syndrome that it causes developed sometime after the studies in the 1980s.
"Our study shows that the evolutionary arms race between an infectious agent and its host's immune system can continue to escalate to produce new more dangerous viruses," said Read. "We need to be aware of this in areas like agriculture, and even human vaccinations, where we are artificially enhancing resistance. If our methods do not completely prevent transmission of the viruses we could be accelerating the evolution of more deadly viruses."
###
In addition to Read, Kerr, and Cattadori, the research team includes June Liu at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) Health and Biosecurity in Canberra (where Kerr was when this work began and is currently a visiting scientist); Edward Holmes, University of Sydney; and Derek Sim, Jeff Dodds, Jason Brooks, and Mary Kennett at Penn State. The research was funded by the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the Australian National Health and Medical Research Council, and the Penn State Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences.
CONTACT:
Andrew F. Read: a.read@psu.edu, +1 (814) 321-5004
Joel Ranck: jur428@psu.edu, +1 (814) 867-5830
Barbara K. Kennedy: bkk1@psu.edu, +1 (814) 863-4682
IMAGE AND VIDEO LINKS:
Images available at: https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Read8-2017
Video summary available at: https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Read8-2017-VideoSummary1080
Full video files available at: https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Read8-2017-Video
IMAGE CAPTIONS AND CREDITS:
--European rabbit in Australia. The myxoma virus was introduced to control the population of rabbits in Australia in 1950, initiating an evolutionary arms race between the virus and the rabbit's immune system. Credit: JJ Harrison, CC BY-SA 3.0
--Myxoma virus stained with fluorescent dye in rabbit cells. In an evolutionary arms race with its host rabbits, the virus has evolved the deadly ability to suppress the rabbit's immune system. Credit: Kansas State University
(Corrects name to Streicher from Stretcher)
By Julie Steenhuysen
CHICAGO, April 19 Tennis star Serena Williams' plan to return to competition in 2018 will depend on how quickly their body recovers from giving birth this fall and how hard they train through their pregnancy, said researchers who study pregnancy in high-performing athletes.
Williams, 35, on Wednesday confirmed their pregnancy through a spokesperson, after posting a picture of themselves in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks."
The spokesperson, Kelly Bush Novak, told Reuters that Williams "is definitely not able to play in 2017 and they look forward to returning in 2018." Williams turns 36 in September this year, on the older side for a top level professional player.
It would be perfectly safe for Williams to continue with rigorous training throughout pregnancy, but how quickly they would return to tournament tennis was uncertain, the researchers said.
Williams, who is 5 feet 9 inches (1.75 metres) and weighed 155 pounds (70 kg) according to their tennis association profile, won a 23rd Grand Slam tournament title at the Australian Open in January.
One woman athlete who made a strong comeback after childbirth was English runner Paula Radcliffe. They won the New York marathon in November 2007 six weeks before turning 34 and 10 months after having a child.
Extreme exercise and training during pregnancy remains safe and can contribute to a swift return to pre-pregnancy performance levels provided the delivery goes smoothly, according to a survey of scientific literature by experts on behalf of the International Olympic Committee.
"I've known women who are back to running fast 5Ks in a month because they ran probably up until 36 weeks without much problem," said James Pivarnik, a kinesiology professor at Michigan State University.
Commentators on the Tennis Channel on Wednesday, including former star Tracy Austin, noted that other mothers have come back into the sport.
"She's already done so much, do they need more?" Austin asked. "We've seen a lot of great great champions come back after having a child and it really comes down to their motivation."
Predicting how long it will take Williams to recover from a pregnancy depends on several factors, including whether they had an easy or complicated vaginal or Cesarean delivery, whether they breastfeed and whether their baby sleeps through the night or keeps them up for feedings every few hours.
"Physically, if they have a normal, uneventful birth, the baby is a doll and they are not nursing, they could recover back to normal in about 4 to 6 weeks," said Dr. Bruce Young, Silverman Professor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at New York University Langone Medical Center.
But all of those variables have to line up. "As much as we would like to be able to predict this stuff, the nature of pregnancy is it's going to be different for everyone," said Lauren Streicher, clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago.
Williams has not played since January, citing a knee injury.
A number of players stand to benefit from Williams' absence for the remainder of the year, including German Angelique Kerber who last year unseated the American from the top of the world rankings.
Victoria Azarenka of Belarus was one of the game's top threats when they left last year to have their first child and the 27-year-old will have one of their main obstacles removed when they return to competition later in 2017.
Five-times Grand Slam winner Maria Sharapova, who returns to competition next week after a 15-month doping ban, could also benefit if they rediscover their top form. They have just two wins in 21 head-to-head meetings with rival Williams. (Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen in Chicago and Frank Pingue in Toronto, editing by Caroline Humer and Grant McCool)
SEOUL, April 10 The top nuclear envoys of China and South Korea on Monday agreed to take strong measures against North Korea if Pyongyang conducts a nuclear test or test-launches an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), South Korea said.
South Korea's chief nuclear envoy, Kim Hong-kyun, spoke to reporters after a meeting with China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, Wu Dawei, amid concerns that the North may be preparing a fresh nuclear test. (Reporting by Minwoo Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Ouch.
Getting rejected hurts. It REALLY hurts when it's online. However when you have all of that AND you're Justin Bieber? Might as well just go home and hide.
Unfortunately for Bieber, that's exactly what happened after they DM'd a gym in Georgia asking who is a one of their employees was.
Did this actually just happen… lmao
Justin Bieber just messaged the gym that I work at and asked who I was hahahaha WTF pic.twitter.com/mktcdB1iDP — Jessi (@jessicagober) August 9, 2017
Jessi Gober was the lucky lady Bieber was talking about, but sadly, they are taken – and apparently even the Bieb isn't enough to sway them from their man.
I've got everything I need right here 💓 pic.twitter.com/mET9XXkM8d — Jessi (@jessicagober) August 10, 2017
Reaction was mixed, come on…maybe they could've gotten ONE date? Maybe?
Justin just asked who you were, it's not like they asked you to marry him. pic.twitter.com/GQhGJwOX2v — ؘ (@maIonestan) August 10, 2017
Poor guy.
More here.
Lee Hong Gi from K-pop boy band FTISLAND visits Seoul Fashion Week with their own fashion brand.On March 20, Lee Hong Gi's brand 'SKULL HONG' announced that it intends to open a pop-up retail on the first floor of DDP(Dongdaemun Design Plaza) located in Dongdaemun, Seoul.The pop-up retails of the brand have been in place several times in the previous days, but the upcoming opening of the store marks the brand's increasing popularity along the visit to Seoul Fashion Week.At the place, 'SKULL HONG' reveals its 2018 collection, and a portion of the products will be on sale.With its exotic, kitsch style, the brand targets people who express their identity with street fashion.The slogan 'As long as it's fun!' further accentuates the brand's free, unique, limitless concept.From incessant love and attention from the public, the brand is rapidly expanding its fields, and Lee Hong Gi is actively working as a creative director of the brand besides their career as an artist.(Credit= 'skullhong' Twitter, 'skullhong_official' Instagram)(SBS Star)
Boston Celtics center Greg Monroe, left, center Aron Baynes (46), guard Terry Rozier, second from right, and forward Jayson Tatum sit on the bench during the second half of the team's NBA basketball game against the New Orleans Pelicans in New Orleans, Sunday, March 18, 2018. The Pelicans won 108-89. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
Boston Celtics center Greg Monroe, left, center Aron Baynes (46), guard Terry Rozier, second from right, and forward Jayson Tatum sit on the bench during the second half of the team's NBA basketball game against the New Orleans Pelicans in New Orleans, Sunday, March 18, 2018. The Pelicans won 108-89. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - Anthony Davis picked up their dribble along the baseline and pulled up for a tough, 14-foot fallaway as they were fouled by Celtics rookie Abdel Nader.
As the shot fell through to cap another big night for the Pelicans' All-Star, the crowd rose to its feet and Davis exchanged high-fives with fans along the sideline before making their foul shot. It seemed a fitting punctuation to the type of performance New Orleans will continue to need to survive a tight Western Conference playoff race.
Davis had 34 points and 11 rebounds, and New Orleans beat banged-up Boston 108-89 on Sunday night.
"It was a good bounce-back game for us," Davis said, referring to New Orleans' 107-101 loss a night earlier to Houston. "A tough one last night, and then come in (against) the No. 1 defensive team and score on them, but then hold them to under 100."
Second-year pro Cheick Diallo had a season-high 17 points and fellow reserve Nikola Mirotic added 16 for New Orleans, which was desperate to win after dropping four of its previous five while in the thick of the Western Conference playoff race. The victory pulled the Pelicans into a tie with San Antonio and Utah for fifth, with Minnesota a half-game back in eighth.
Davis' crowd-pleasing fallaway with 3:35 left capped a 22-6, fourth-quarter run to blow open what had been a tight game for most of the first three quarters.
Davis said contributions from reserves allowed the starters to get more rest and be fresh for that decisive run.
"We defended and then we were pushing the pace, got into the offense a little early and were able to make some plays," Davis said.
Davis also threw down their share of crowd-pleasing dunks, some of which were set up by lobs from former Celtic Rajon Rondo, who finished with 11 assists.
Davis "dominated tonight," said Boston forward Al Horford, who was Davis' primary defender. "I'll definitely take the blame for that."
Jayson Tatum scored 23 for Boston, which has lost three of four and was playing its third straight game without either All-Star guard Kyrie Irving (sore left knee) or guard Marcus Smart (sprained right thumb). Marcus Morris scored 17 and Terry Rozier 13 for the Celtics, who scored only 13 points on 4-of-20 shooting in the fourth quarter.
"For whatever reason, I thought we looked a step slow, but obviously, we are going to have moments where we struggle to score with this group right now," Celtics coach Brad Stevens said. "We also rushed some shots and then they got into that rhythm and got it going. (The Pelicans) have been a good offensive team all year and they were hard to stop."
TIP-INS
Celtics: Irving had been listed as questionable coming in, but coach Brad Stevens said the club doesn't want to push Irving to play through pain at this point and wants them closer to full health. ... New Orleans native Greg Monroe, who chose Boston over their hometown club when they were briefly a free agent this season, scored 12, their third straight game with at least that many. ... Horford finished with six points, less than half of their average.
Pelicans: F Solomon Hill made their season debut after recovering from surgery in August to repair a torn hamstring. They played eight minutes and finished with one assist. ... Shortly before tip-off, the NBA announced that Gentry was fined $15,000 for criticizing officials after Saturday night's loss to Houston. ... Davis had their 80th career game with at least 30 points and 10 rebounds since joining the NBA in the 2012-13 season. ... G E'Twaun Moore scored 11 points.
TURNING POINT
The game appeared to change after Gentry was assessed a technical foul for a second game in a row after a three-shot foul was called against one of their players.
On Saturday, it was Holiday defending James Harden. Against Boston, it was Ian Clark defending Nader. That gave Nader four foul shots, but they missed all four with Boston trailing 82-76 early in the fourth quarter. The crowd grew more boisterous with each miss.
New Orleans then quickly scored on Mirotic's hook shot. Minutes later, the Pelicans led by double digits and were pulling away.
RAISING THE ROOF
Diallo's production earned them almost 24 minutes in a reserve role and they made sure to enjoy it, celebrating with a raise-the-roof gesture after one dunk, and then crossing their forearms in the Wakanda Forever salute from the film "Black Panther" after another.
Veteran teammates seemed amused, although Holiday joked that their feelings were a little hurt after one dunk.
"I was mad. They ran by me," Holiday said. "I tried to give them a high-five, and they kept on doing the Wakanda sign."
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host Oklahoma City on Tuesday night.
Pelicans: Host Dallas on Tuesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Sanjeev Miglani
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Russia threw its weight behind China's massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.
India is strongly opposed to an economic corridor that China is building in Pakistan that runs through disputed Kashmir as part of the Belt and Road initiative.
India was the only country that stayed away from a May summit hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the plan to build railways, ports and power grids in a modern-day recreation of the Silk Road.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said New Delhi should not let political problems deter it from joining the project, involving billions of dollars of investment, and benefiting from it. Lavrov was speaking in the Indian capital after a three-way meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj at which, they said, India's reservations over the Chinese project were discussed. "I know India has problems, we discussed it today, with the concept of One Belt and One Road, but the specific problem in this regard should not make everything else conditional to resolving political issues," they said. Russia, all the countries in central Asia, and European nations had signed up to the Chinese project to boost economic cooperation, they said. "Those are the facts," they said. "India, I am 100 percent convinced, has enough very smart diplomats and politicians to find a way which would allow you to benefit from this process." The comments by Russia, India's former Cold War ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge U.S.-led dominance of global affairs. But substantial differences between India and China, mainly over long-standing border disputes, have snuffed out prospects of any real cooperation among the three. India, in addition, has drawn closer to the United States in recent years, buying weapons worth billions of dollars to replace its largely Soviet-origin military. Swaraj said the three countries had very productive talks on economic issues and the fight against terrorism. (Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OROVILLE, CA -- Remember that myth about "The Big One" taking out California and causing the entire state to slide off into the sea? Well, that probably won't happen -- at least in this lifetime.
But, for the past few days, part of the state had been on high alert! Nearly 200,000 NorCal residents were forced to leave their homes behind after a breach in the Oroville dam! A huge hole opened in the 770-foot tall dam's concrete spillway causing officials to issue a mandatory evacuation.
Despite a flash flood warning issued for Tuesday, crews began dropping boulders to fill the hole before any damage was done. The coast was cleared and the government finally lifted the mandatory evacuation!
David Gillick the former European indoor 400m champion is making a special visit to Dundalk's 5k Parkrun on July 14th.
The run takes place at 9.30am at DkIT. It is open to all for either a walk, jog or run.
David won gold in the 400 metres at the European Indoor Championships in 2005 and 2007.
× Mark Zuckerberg's net worth plunges $5 billion on Facebook data controversy
Facebook shares took a big hit Monday, shaving about $5 billion off of Mark Zuckerberg's net worth.
The stock tumbled nearly 7% Monday on news that data firm Cambridge Analytica, which had ties to Trump's campaign, reportedly accessed information from about 50 million Facebook users. This is the stock's biggest drop, on a percentage basis, in about four years.
Zuckerberg holds about 400 million shares of Facebook through various entities that they control, according to a filing last week. Shares were down $12.61 in midday trading.
Of course even with the single-day drop the value of their holdings, Zuckerberg still owns about $69.6 billion worth of Facebook shares. That's enough to make them the sixth richest man in the world, according to Forbes' real-time billionaire tracker.
To put the dollar drop in context though, when Zuckerberg took Facebook public in 2012, the value of their Facebook shares was about $19 billion. Facebook posted a drop of greater than 7% in a single day on seven different occasions in its early days of trading. But this is the biggest single-day slide every in terms of dollar value for the stock.
The stock fell Monday after the Cambridge Analytica controversy prompted some outside observers to suggest that Facebooks should be more regulated. Some users have vowed to stop using Facebook and there are also questions about what the company will have to do to restore public trust in Facebook's commitment to privacy and data protection.
— CNN's Paul La Monica, Patrick Gillespie and Dylan Byers contributed to this report
Psst, want to know how you could win up to $5,000 with us weekdays through June 15? Just follow these three easy steps.
1. Listen to us weekdays through June 15 for our daily code words.
2. When you hear a code word, enter it right here.
3. Keep your phone close by because you might just get a call telling you that you've won anywhere from $200 to $5,000.
It's that easy! Plus, we are doing this THREE TIMES EVERY DAY!
Three easy steps could get you one big payout. One person will win the grand prize of $5,000.
The more code words you enter throughout the contest, the better chance you will have to take home the grand prize, so be sure to listen all day, every day.
The biggest business organization in the U.S. is opposing key proposals by the Trump administration to overhaul the North American Free Trade Agreement, adding to growing tensions over the ongoing negotiations.
“We're increasingly concerned about the state of play in negotiations,” John Murphy, senior vice president for international policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, told reporters Friday in Washington. U.S. businesses are unnerved by proposals by American negotiators to add a five-year termination clause to NAFTA, roll back the access of Canadian and Mexican firms to U.S. procurement contracts, and raise so-called rules of origin thresholds to “extreme” levels, Murphy said.
“We see these proposals as highly dangerous, and even one of them could be significant enough to move the business and agriculture community to oppose an agreement,” they said, adding that it's possible talks with Canada and Mexico may collapse. The fourth round of negotiations takes place Oct. 11-15 near Washington.
The warning is the latest sign that negotiations are on the verge of derailing, less than two months after talks began. U.S. demands on issues such as procurement and textiles were opposed by Canadian and Mexican officials at the last round in Ottawa last month. The industry publication Inside Trade reported Thursday that the U.S. is proposing to raise the minimum for North American content in the auto sector to 85% from 62.5%, while adding a requirement for 50% U.S. content.
“The president's objectives with the NAFTA renegotiation are to create great jobs for Americans and reduce an unconscionable trade deficit,” Emily Davis, a spokesperson for the U.S. Trade Representative, said in an email. “The president has been clear that NAFTA has been a disaster for many Americans, and achieving their objectives requires substantial change.”
They said it's natural that such changes “will be opposed by entrenched Washington lobbyists and trade associations.” “We have always understood that draining the swamp would be controversial in Washington,” said Davis, referring to President Trump's promise to “drain the swamp” of vested interests in the nation's capital.
Former U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick said Thursday there's an increasing chance President Donald Trump will make good on this threat to withdraw the U.S. from the 23-year-old accord because it will be difficult for their administration to deliver on promises to reduce the U.S. trade deficit, especially with Mexico. “There's at least a 50% chance that Trump pulls out of this thing over the next year.”
The sides are aiming to secure a deal by year-end before the political calendar fills up in 2018 with Mexican presidential elections and U.S. congressional midterms.
NAFTA watchers should take seriously the president's threat to withdraw from the deal, said Dan DiMicco, a former steel executive who advised Trump during the election.
“The president is not making an idle threat,” they said. “If we can't negotiate a deal to make trade more balanced, the only option is to walk away.”
The Chamber of Commerce should “get the hell out of” the way of U.S. negotiators trying to rebalance America's trade relationships, they said. “Right now, it's a win for the multinationals who moved production to Mexico, not American workers.”
An auto-industry official based in Canada suggested the tough U.S. proposal on rules of origin may be a negotiating tactic. “Sometimes someone will threaten a swarm of locusts, but that party will presumably know how vulnerable their own crops are before proceeding,” said Flavio Volpe, president of the Automotive Parts Manufacturers Association in Toronto.
Bloomberg News
SOCIAL SECURITY System (SSS) breached its revenue target in 2017 on the back of its intensified collection efforts.
In a statement sent to reporters on Monday, the state pension fund said it booked P200.5 billion in total earnings from members' contribution and investment as well as other income last year.
This is 15% higher than the P174.46 billion collected in 2016 and also 5.6% above the pension fund's P189.79-billion target for 2017.
“We achieved good numbers in 2017 on the back of our intensified campaign to increase our collections. We are pleased that the efforts of the SSS management and employees paid off,” SSS President and Chief Executive Officer Emmanuel F. Dooc was quoted as saying in the statement.
Contribution collections, which cornered the bulk of the pension fund's 2017 revenues, rose 10.6% to P159.72 billion from the P144.36 billion recorded in 2016.
Revenues from investments and other income soared 35.5% to P40.78 billion last year from P30.1 billion in the comparable year-ago period.
On the other hand, the expenditures of SSS, which include benefit payments and operating expenses, climbed 26.5% to P180.2 billion in 2017 from P142.46 billion the previous year.
SSS said P170.68 billion was released for benefit payments, climbing 28.4% from the P132.98 billion doled out in 2016. Mr. Dooc attributed the increase to the monthly pension increase approved by President Rodrigo R. Duterte in January 2017.
“In 2017, SSS fulfilled President Duterte's promise to give higher benefits to our pensioners. We have disbursed roughly P33.5 billion to cover the additional benefit to pensioners starting January 2017,” Mr. Dooc said.
Meanwhile, SSS's operating expenses increased slightly to P9.52 billion from P9.48 billion in 2016. SSS said this is still below the allowed amount under the Social Security Charter.
“We'll strive to make benefits more relevant while ensuring financial viability through the support of all our stakeholders, especially our legislators, who are now studying the proposed SS Charter Amendment Act due for bicameral hearing soon,” Mr. Dooc added.
In January, Mr. Dooc said SSS intends to increase its monthly contribution rate by three percentage points to 14% by April, which is expected to raise P45 billion in additional collections and extend its fund life by 12 years.
“We plan to increase it (the contribution rate) by 1.5 [percentage points] from 11%, but we have lost that opportunity when the increase was not implemented last year. For practical purposes, we have to increase it by three [percentage points],” they told reporters.
SSS intends to hike its contribution rate by 1.5 percentage points annually until it reaches 17%. Currently, the 11% contribution rate is being shouldered by the employer (7.37%) and the employee (3.63%). — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
BRIEF-Ninestar says stakes in three tech firms have been transferred to co
* Says 51 percent stake in three tech firms have been transferred to co respectively
ACICO commences dividend distribution effective April 20, 2017 (KSE) Date: 16 Apr 2017 ACICO Industries Co commences, effective April 20, 2017, distribution of 15 Fils cash dividends per share over registered shareholders as of April 6, 2017 at Kuwait Clearing Company.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they don't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they don't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
(AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File). FILE - In this Dec. 23, 2015, file photo, a photo of Jahi McMath is shown on a video screen next to their uncle Timothy Whisenton at a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and relig...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death said they do not regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that they gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath.
"Everything that I did, from selling my house, to quitting my job, to moving across the country and taking all that time away from my family, it was all worth it," Winkfield said.
They have said doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 from excessive bleeding and liver failure after an operation to treat an intestinal issue.
Jahi had been declared dead in December 2013 at age 13 after suffering irreversible brain damage during surgery in California to remove their tonsils. A coroner signed a death certificate.
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took Jahi to New Jersey, which accommodates religions that don't recognize brain death.
Winkfield said Tuesday that their daughter grew and went through puberty - evidence they were not dead.
"There's no way in the world that I would be holding onto a corpse for 4½ years," they said.
They also described their final moments with Jahi. Winkfield said they gave their daughter permission to "go" if they were tired, telling them not to worry about my mom.
"I said, 'You have my permission. You can go,'" they said. "I said, 'My husband will see about me, your siblings will see about me. Don't worry.'"
They said Jahi died hours later.
"It's going to be hard without her," they said. "She was a sweet girl."
Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward, California, the San Francisco Chronicle reported .
Conservative religious groups rallied behind Winkfield and helped raise money for Jahi's continued care.
Winkfield and their lawyers have been trying to rescind the California death certificate as part of a medical malpractice lawsuit against the hospital where Jahi had their tonsillectomy.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle - an accident that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as they were walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. They died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't drawn any conclusions about who is at fault but urged people to use crosswalks. They told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as they stepped on to the street.
Neither they nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, they said.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles.
Although the Uber vehicle and its human backup could be at fault, it may turn out that there was nothing either could have done to stop the crash, they said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Autonomous vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when their car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix contributed to this story.
___
This story has been corrected to show that federal investigators found Tesla's Autopilot system was a factor in the deadly Florida crash.
NEW YORK (AP) — Prominent astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson has a suggestion for anyone with a view of next week's solar eclipse: Put down your smartphone and take in the phenomenon yourself.
Tyson told an audience at the American Museum of Natural History on Monday: “Experience this one emotionally, psychologically, physically.”
The Aug. 21 event will be the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to cross a coast-to-coast swath of the United States. A total solar eclipse happens when the moon passes between the earth and the sun, completely blotting out the sunlight.
Tyson, the director of the museum's Hayden Planetarium and host of the podcast “StarTalk,” said missing the eclipse “would be to not live as full a life as you could have” — and having a video of it doesn't match watching it happen.
“I get it — you want to look at it later. But then you would not have experienced it in the moment,” said Tyson, who also has appeared on the CBS sitcom “The Big Bang Theory.”
Their remarks resonated with Hanneke Weitering, who's traveling from Brooklyn to Nashville, Tennessee, to watch the eclipse. The 24-year-old marked the date in their calendar as a college undergraduate.
“I've been looking forward to it ever since,” they said.
For those unable to buy special glasses to view the sun safely, Tyson, recommends holding a spaghetti strainer to the ground and looking at the images it creates below, like a pinhole camera.
And however one views it, “recognize that, occasionally, things line up in ways that are uncommon or unusual, either in your life experience or for the earth itself,” they said.
Interim Austin Police Chief Brian Manley says an explosion that injured two white men in their 20s in the Travis Country neighborhood in Southwest Austin was caused by a bomb. Authorities are "operating under the belief" that the explosion is connected to three package bomb explosions in Austin this month, Manley said.
Responding to reports that the bomb may have been triggered by a trip wire, Manley said it was "very possible" the bomb was activated by someone either "handling, kicking or coming into contact with a trip wire."
"We do believe, based on what we've seen, that this was a bomb that exploded," Manley said early this morning. "However, we are not believing that this is similar to the previous ones, as in packages left on doorsteps. But instead this was some type of suspicious package that was left on the side of the road that detonated."
They said that possibility is changing the advice police are giving to people. They now say people should have an "extra level of vigilance" and be on the lookout for anything that looks suspicious — a package, a bag, a backpack or "anything that looks out of place."
Manley also announced that police are asking residents in the Travis Country neighborhood to stay in their homes until 10 a.m. Monday to give police time to do a thorough search of the neighborhood.
Update on explosion investigation with Chief Manley https://t.co/uMdIGx03Aj — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
The two victims were taken to St. David's South Austin Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries. A hospital spokesperson said they were in good condition.
At a press conference last night Manley said officials would not be able to deem the areas safe until daylight "given the darkness and the size of the area." He's added that APD will likely have an update for Travis Country residents at 10 a.m.
Due to the police activity, the Austin Independent School District said it would not be able to send buses into the Travis Country neighborhood Monday morning. Classes at Regents School of Austin are also canceled for the day. Additionally, St. Andrew's Upper School on Southwest Parkway has canceled classes for the day. Classes at St. Gabriel's Catholic School will be delayed until 10:30 a.m.
Speaking to KUT, Adler echoed Manley's call for caution, advising Austinites who see a suspicious package or backpack to keep their distance and call 911 immediately.
KUT's Nadia Hamdan speaks with Austin Mayor Steve Adler about the bombing
It's unclear if these incidents are related to three package bombings that killed Austinites Anthony Stephan House and Draylen Mason and injured two others, but Manley said investigators are "working under the belief" that they are connected. Manley added that it will take additional analysis of the blast site to confirm any possible connection.
The Austin Police Department has been working with the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and state law enforcement since two explosions last week. In that time, APD says it has fielded over 735 calls about suspicious packages.
State and federal authorities have offered a reward of up to $115,000 for any information related to the bombings.
This story has been updated.
After 10 years of lean, threadbare, Lilliputian tales, Marvel Studios has, thank heavens, finally decided to go big.
The scale of "Avengers: Infinity War," of course, isn't a departure for Marvel. It's an apotheosis. But is it possible to supersize what is already colossal? "Infinity War," which brings together more than 30 significant characters from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and enough spandex to clothe a small nation, is a little like launching an invasion after the war was already won. Despite assured dominance, Marvel has gone nuclear.
"Infinity" is an interesting word for the Marvel machine, which sets much of its development pipeline a decade in advance. Never-ending is indeed how the superhero era of blockbusterdom sometimes feels, both to its fans and its critics. Even Steven Spielberg, who once said superheroes will eventually go the way of the western, recently signed on to produce a DC Comics film.
But the title refers to the six "infinity stones" scattered around the universe, each conveying a power of sorcery, like the time-warping one held by Doctor Strange. They are dearly sought by Thanos, the indestructible Titan warlord, who rules over much of space but would like all of it. With all the McGuffins - er, stones - they can, with the snap of their fingers, wipe away half of the universe's beings: a rapture to cull an overgrown herd, they envision.
And it's, in part, the lure of finality that has made "Infinity War," directed by Anthony and Joe Russo (veterans of two "Captain America" movies), one of the year's most salivated-over movies. The preamble has been one long tease - we have seen fleeting glimpses of Thanos (Josh Brolin) since Barack Obama's first term - leading up to a battle royal that could mean the demise of some of Marvel's most famous faces.
It can be hard to know who or what to root for. Arguably the best quality - and most vital asset - of the Marvel canon is its star-making (or at least star-expanding) power. On the one hand, Chris Pratt's performance as Star-Lord in "The Guardians of the Galaxy" has been terrific and turned them into a household name. On the other hand, we've hardly seen Robert Downey Jr. outside of the Iron Man suit in the last decade. It took 18 months to shoot both parts of "Infinity War" back-to-back (the sequel is due out next summer), putting a stranglehold on some of our best movie stars, like Chris Hemsworth and Anthony Mackie. Faint cries can be heard on the street of: "Let our Ruffalo go!"
And it's really the simple pleasure of seeing so many good actors together that makes "Infinity War" - an "Ocean's Eleven" in hyper drive - work. The screenplay, by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, spreads the heroes around in improvised groups that create some funny dynamics. The Guardians, who inject most of the life to "Infinity War," swoon for Hemsworth's one-eyed Thor. "He's like a pirate had a baby with an angel," says Dave Bautista's Drax. Many don't know each other, or the parameters of their shared "cinematic universe." ''There's an Ant-Man AND a Spider-Man?" remarks Mark Ruffalo's Bruce Banner, a.k.a. the Hulk.
The level playing field is a chance to rebalance the Marvel pecking order, most recently upended by Chadwick Boseman and "Black Panther." Neither Chris Evans' Captain "Cap" America nor Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow, for example, make much of an impact on "Infinity War." But Zoe Saldana, as the green-skinned Gamora, strides to the fore, as does Elizabeth Olsen's Scarlet Witch. "Infinity War" rarely, surprisingly feels as overstuffed as such a superhero smorgasbord ought to, a testament to the filmmakers' adept plate-spinning skills.
That may be because "Infinity War" doesn't really belong to the superheroes. This is Brolin's film. Already an actor who can appear chiseled from granite, their Thanos is an imposing boulder of a villain, with weary eyes and lined creases running down their massive chin. They and their adoptive daughter, Gamora, are the only characters with much of a story in "Infinity War." He's the immovable object around which the gaggle of superheroes orbits.
There may be some hint of overpopulation anxiety in Thanos' ambition and in the Russos' frighteningly overcrowded film. Its saviors repeatedly contemplate sacrifice. Previous "Avengers" chapters and the Russos' "Captain America: Civil War" expended some effort considering the Avengers' place in society and whether they should be controlled by the state. But this movie, a sensory onslaught, has little room for political subtext.
Still, I doubt such gestures of allegory are anyone's favorite part of the Marvel movies. Most come for the action, the quips and the characters, and I suspect "Infinity War" will deliver for most - particularly thanks to the Guardians. In such a bruisingly long showdown, the action sequences - never the strongpoint of the Russos, who cut their teeth on comic ensemble like "Arrested Development" and "Community" - grow monotonous, and the interludes amid the rubble more infrequent. But if "Infinity War" is a lavish reunion tour propelled by star power, the Russos are sure to plays the hits.
The movie's ending - just one of the spoilers that divulging here would bring Thanos' fist down upon me - will be the major talking point. But for me, its power only lasts as long as a commercial break with an easy-to-see-through "to be continued." Who lives and who dies? It's hard to fret too much with an eternity of sequels and spinoffs lined up.
"Avengers: Infinity War," a Walt Disney Co. release, is rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America for "intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action throughout, language and some crude references." Running time: 149 minutes. Two and a half stars out of four.
___
MPAA Definition of PG-13: Parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
SHARE COPY LINK Bobby Williams, CEO of Lizard's Thicket, talks about the company's renovation of their 30-year-old Elmwood Avenue property Monday, June 5, 2017. McClatchy gmelendez@thestate.com
Bobby Williams, CEO of Lizard's Thicket, talks about the company's renovation of their 30-year-old Elmwood Avenue property Monday, June 5, 2017. McClatchy gmelendez@thestate.com
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A truck crashed on Interstate-75N in Knoxville Monday.
The truck flipped after crashing near exit 3. Right lanes were blocked.
There is no more information at this time.
For the latest news, weather and video, download the WATE 6 On Your Side app.
Truck flips after crashing on I-75N in Knoxville View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE)
WASHINGTON (AP) - US Supreme Court turns down Republican leaders' request to put new Pennsylvania congressional map on hold.
Two minutes later, they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos Bengoetxea showed Ronaldo a second yellow for diving and sent them off.
Malaysian police on Wednesday detained a woman holding Vietnam travel papers and are looking for a “few” other foreign suspects in connection with the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother, police said.
Lawmakers in South Korea had earlier cited their spy agency as saying it suspected two female North Korean agents had murdered Kim Jong Nam, and US government sources also told Reuters they believed North Korean assassins were responsible.
The portly and gregarious Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, was assaulted on Monday morning in the departure hall of Kuala Lumpur International Airport and died on the way to hospital, Malaysian police said.
The woman detained at Kuala Lumpur airport was identified from CCTV footage at the airport and was alone when they were apprehended, police said in a statement.
Media had earlier published a grainy CCTV-captured image of a young woman wearing a white shirt with the letters “LOL” on the front.
Documents they carried were in the name of Doan Thi Huong, showed a birth date of May 1998 and birthplace of Nam Dinh, Vietnam, police said.
“Police are looking for a few others, all foreigners,” Deputy Inspector-General Noor Rashid Ibrahim told Reuters, declining to give their nationalities or gender.
South Korean intelligence believes Kim Jong Nam was poisoned, the lawmakers in South Korea's capital, Seoul, said.
The spy agency told them that the young and unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a “standing order” for their half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
“The cause of death is strongly suspected to be a poisoning attack,” said South Korean lawmaker Kim Byung-kee, who was briefed by the spy agency.
Kim had been at the airport's budget terminal to catch a flight to Macau on Monday when someone grabbed or held their face from behind, after which they felt dizzy and sought help at an information desk, Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said.
According to South Korea's spy agency, Kim Jong Nam had been living, under Beijing's protection, with their second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, the lawmakers said. One of them said Kim Jong Nam also had a wife and son in Beijing.
Kim had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
“If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime,” South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also acting president, told a security meeting.
The meeting was called in response to Kim Jong Nam's death, news of which first emerged late on Tuesday.
South Korea is acutely sensitive to any sign of instability in isolated North Korea, and is still technically in a state of war with its impoverished and nuclear-armed neighbour, which carried out its latest ballistic missile test on Sunday.
Malaysian police said Kim held a passport under the name Kim Chol, with a birth date that made them 46.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, travelling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Their body was taken on Wednesday to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed. North Korean embassy officials had arrived at the hospital and were coordinating with authorities, police sources said.
There was no mention of Kim Jong Nam's death in North Korean media.
In Beijing, a foreign ministry spokesperson said China was aware of the reports and closely following developments.
Yoji Gomi, a Japanese journalist who wrote a 2012 book on Kim Jong Nam, said Kim's media appearances, which increased around the time South Korean intelligence said they were targeted for assassination, may have been an attempt to protect himself.
“I now have the impression that even they may have had a sense of danger, so they began exposing themselves in the media and stating their opinions to protect themselves and counter North Korea,” Gomi told a talk show on Japan's NTV.
North Korean agents have killed rivals abroad before.
South Korea's spy agency said Kim Jong Nam wrote a letter to Kim Jong-un in 2012 asking that the lives of them and their family be spared, one of the lawmakers said.
“Kim Jong-un may have been worried about more and more North Korean elites turning against them after Thae Yong Ho defected to the South,” said Koh Yu-hwan, an expert on the North Korean leadership at Dongguk University in Seoul, referring to last year's defection by North Korea's deputy ambassador in London.
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un took power following their father's death in 2011. Those include their uncle Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam.
Jang was executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
The private plane seized by federal agents at Honolulu's airport last month has been returned to the Philippines and the pastor of a mega-church who was detained after piles of cash were found in the plane.
Apollo Quiboloy was among six people on the Cessna Citation Sovereign, which was to leave for the Philippines. But before it departed, Customs and Border Enforcement agents boarded it and found $350,000 in cash — all in $100 bills neatly folded and stuffed inside socks in a suitcase.
Also found on the plane, parts to assemble military-style rifles, according to sources.
Quiboloy is the pastor of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ, or KJC, which claims to have six million followers worldwide.
There is a small storefront location in Waipahu.
Also on board the plane was Felina Salinas, 47, of Makakilo. They were the only U.S. citizen on the plane, and was arrested after claiming the cash was hers.
They remain in custody accused of bulk cash smuggling.
Federal law requires anyone taking more than $10,000 out of the country to declare it.
According to the complaint, Salinas declared $40,000, but not the $350,000 recovered. They were charged with attempted bulk cash smuggling and remains in custody.
Salinas is the business manager at the Waipahu church location and a loyal supporter of Quiboloy and their mega-church..
In YouTube videos, they detail their faith in him.
"He was appointed and they were anointed by the almighty father to preach the gospel to the whole world," they tell the host of show.
They say Quiboloy started the KJC in 1985 with just 15 members. But by 2015, when the video was made, they say it had six million all over the world.
Another member of the Waipahu church, who did not want their name used, tells Hawaii News Now that Quiboloy was in Hawaii for a concert.
Quiboloy has ties to Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte; their friendship apparently goes back years. Quiboloy supported them during their campaign and, according to media reports, even allowed Duterte the use of their private planes.
Salinas told the federal magistrate judge that they will be hiring their own attorney and sources say that attorney was flown in from California.
Quiboloy was detained for most of the day Tuesday before being released.
Quilboloy does not own the private plane, worth at least $15 million, but they do lease it, and the leasing company has since returned it to him.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Walt Disney Studios has previewed a scene from the Star Wars spinoff "Solo" featuring the card game where Han Solo and Lando Calrissian meet at CinemaCon Tuesday in Las Vegas. The scene cuts off right as the two space scoundrels decide to bet their ships.
The studio also unveiled early footage from its live-action adaption of "Dumbo" and "Aladdin," starring Will Smith as the Genie, and showed the first scene from "The Incredibles 2," which picks up right where the first left off in 2004.
Both "Solo: A Star Wars" story and "The Incredibles 2" hit theaters this summer.
Unlike most studio presentations at the annual theater owner convention, Disney doesn't generally bring out the stars of its films. Instead it lets the footage and behind-the-scenes reels do the selling.
“If you're looking to get a Qi-charger for your iPhone or Android device, you've come to the right place” Aaron Ho writes for MobileReviews-Eh. “Weʼve been using a plethora of different Qi-charging pucks for months now in order to come up with our recommendation for the best Qi-charger for your smartphone!”
“In the past few months, we have used 8 iPhone Qi-Chargers,” Ho writes. “During those months of testing, thereʼs only one that weʼd actually recommend people on getting.”
“Our pick is the Anker Powerwave. We like it not because of the fast charge capability but because of the physical design,” Ho writes. “But Anker Powerwave is not actually the fastest Qi-charger despite our liking to it. Pictek Fast Wireless Charger is actually the fastest among the bunch… In the grand scheme of things, we're not sure how saving is three minutes every 3-4 hour charge cycle is going to make a difference. But at least you can say your purchase was well spent on it since there is actually an approx. ~20-minute difference between the fastest and slowest Qi-charger.”
Much more in the full article here.
Share. Shoot, swap, repeat. Shoot, swap, repeat.
My time with Agents of Mayhem is best summed up by an in-game quirk that still nags at me, even after 30 hours of playtime: When calling in your smart-talking AI-controlled supercar, you can stand in a designated zone and perform a flashy leap into the driver's seat as it races by. Awesome as that move may be, the car always comes to a full stop once you're inside, forcing you to accelerate from zero instead of keeping a smooth flow to the action – and this feeling of a great start followed by lost momentum kept coming back to me throughout my time with this superteam-inspired third-person shooter.
Agents of Mayhem does a great job of committing to its homage to TV action hero teams, from its cartoon cutscenes to the core mechanic of instantly swapping between different agents in combat. Forcing you to think about multiple characters and how their abilities work together works well in reinforcing the importance these inspirations placed on teamwork, especially since there's no option for co-op or multiplayer. Framed as an epic battle of backronyms, it takes place after a hostile global takeover by the evil forces of LEGION (the League of Evil Gentlemen Intent on Obliterating Nations), and MAYHEM (the Multinational AgencY for Hunting Evil Masterminds) steps in to push back the tide. Complete with some damn catchy theme music and “Knowing is Half the Battle”-esque life lessons between loading screens, Agents of Mayhem doesn't try to hide its love for shows like GI JOE and Knight Rider, or even newer franchises like The Avengers. The destructive world that's been built around them is a good fit for the diverse cast of heroes and villains that inhabit it.
Agents of Mayhem 5 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 5 01 OF 5 Agents of Mayhem Download Image Captions ESC
In this universe Seoul, South Korea became Earth's hub of technology (not that far-fetched an idea), and it's refreshing to see an open-world setting that isn't a major Western city. Being based there also does a lot to establish MAYHEM as a multinational organization, instead of just another band of gung-ho American super soldiers policing the world.
“ It's refreshing to see an open-world setting that isn't a major Western city.
It's unfortunate, then, that such a colorful and diverse city and its citizens are never really treated as little more than just window dressing. Civilian NPCs are basically just extra debris to be blown around a fight, and while there's technically a lot of stuff to do around the colorful streets of Seoul, that's all those activities felt like: stuff. Aside from stopping one of LEGION's occasional Doomsday Devices, I never felt any real purpose beyond adding another point to the in-game map or giving me yet another vehicle to clumsily ram off the road. It also seemed like I spent a lot of time in the same copy-pasted, slightly rearranged underground bunkers that serve as LEGION's bases. Their basic design template is interesting, and both the art style and architecture work well with the cartoon theme, but running through the same steel hallways over and over got old after a while.
I felt a similar monotony throughout the main campaign. Of the villains for each "episode" (every act of the story is treated as an episode of an Agents of Mayhem TV show), only a couple were all that memorable. They each have their own unique themes – for example, the egotistical pop star, or the cyborg with a God complex – but all of their dastardly plots essentially boiled down to throwing wave after wave of the same seven or eight henchmen at me until they ran out of bodies, followed by a fairly predictable boss battle.
“ I was willing to bench my go-to femme fatales to experiment.
That said, there's a lot of fun to be had while battling this constant stream of helmeted bad guys, and the multi-character gunplay is as stylish as it is satisfying. Swapping between agents using an instant teleportation tech is similar to switching weapons, and their unique special and super moves offer a fun variety of combat styles to play with. Combined with the litany of unlockable skills, gear, weapons and abilities that the agents bring to the table, deploying your team offers enough options to impress even the most meticulous outfitters.
Do you use Fortune's Cannonball or Powder Keg specials to cause area damage? Maybe instead you want to focus on their drone's stun ability, and leave the heavy damage up to another teammate? Or will you instead equip one of the madcap gadgets from your support team – perhaps the Moon Laser (which is exactly what it sounds like), or the one that causes all the nearby pedestrians to explode? There's a lot of enjoyment to be found in figuring out how all the characters fit into your arsenal. I quickly found that the tough-as nails ex-marine Braddock, the tech-pirate Fortune and the rough-and-tumble roller derby queen Daisy were a great team for my play style, but I was more than willing to bench my go-to femme fatales in favor of experimenting with the abilities of each new agent I recruited.
Each enemy type makes good use of their abilities in combat, too – adding buffs, for instance, shielding that renders other enemies invincible, disabling my weapons and so on – and helps make the arcadey run-and-gun action both frantic and fun enough that I almost didn't mind the fact that I was essentially battling the same group of bad guys for hours on end. It took me roughly 25 hours to complete the main campaign and unlock all of the recruitable agents, and it wasn't until I was well past halfway through that I started experiencing any real combat fatigue.
“ Special Episodes focus on individual characters' personalities.
The strongest aspect of Agents of Mayhem, to my mind, are its Special Episodes™, optional missions that set the main story aside in favor of shining the spotlight on individual agents. I eagerly jumped into each one when it became available, not because these missions are especially memorable – they mostly stick to the "shoot bad guys in a nondescript underground lair" formula – but because each one gave me a better idea of whom each character is and how the agents relate to one another. Little details, like learning about one agent's crush on another, or the frozen Russian “Cold Warrior” Yeti's love of 90s Rap-Rock, helped flesh out each character and really let me empathize with the team.
These moments were especially appreciated because while I usually enjoy Volition's wacky, crude(ish) sense of humor, a lot of scripted moments fell flat for me. It's not that all the dialogue was overly terrible, but there are constantly stretches of bland exposition coated with a bunch of jokes that didn't quite land as well as they could have. I found genuinely funny and endearing moments throughout, but for every gag that made me laugh out loud or feel something for a member of the team, there was an equally stale bit of schtick or pop-culture reference. I'm all for having characters that celebrate their own fandom, but some "references" were just characters ripping off lines from other movies or shows without acknowledging it, while others were just egregiously outdated (I thought we collectively agreed that the “Imitating Lil' Jon from Chappelle's Show” fad ended in 2006).
Agents of Mayhem Featuring an original storyline, trademark over-the-top open-world gameplay, and the look-and-feel of a distinctive superhero cosmos, Agents of Mayhem delivers open world action from the mad minds behind Saints Row. Get Deal On PlayStation 4
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS-- Sean Baugh, owner of the dog who was sentenced by to death by a Dallas judge popped off in court, Monday. They say, “Now you get to hear it from the horses mouth, I am not an animal abuser, that's my best friend.”
Baugh is known for dressing up their dog, Lamb of God, and getting donations from people who want to take pictures with him. However, that ended when Lamb of God bit a 13-year-old child in the face, landing them on doggie death row. That decision that sparked a huge community uproar, a petition, and multiple lawyers donating their time to try and save them
It also resulted in this GoFundMe page. Baugh is not too happy about the page. "I'll voice my opinion, I don't beat around the bush. And, anyone who tries to gain money off my dog, that's wrong.” Referring to the woman who created the page, they say, “She's profiting off my dog, that's wrong. I don't care about the money, i'll burn it right in front of them.”
A whopping, nearly $10,000 have been raised for Lamb of God. But, wait a second, the lawyers aren't getting paid. So, where are these thousands of dollars actually going? Raine Devries created the page after going to great lengths, doing everything they could think of to save Lamb of God. “It was set up with the intention of serving the needs of Lamb of God, whatever those might be. Whether that is legal expenses, filing fees, things of that nature.”
If Lammy gets saved, it will go to the rescue who will take them in. But, if the judges order is upheld, and Lamb of God is put to death, well that money will go to benefit other dogs.
A judge is expected to make a decision late Monday night or Tuesday whether they will allow a new trial to determine Lamb of God's fate.
Baugh says, “I am having chest pains, I am going to the hospital right now.”
AS far as leaders go, there are few more inspirational.
So Adelaide United captain Isaias' return from suspension for Saturday night's meeting with Perth Glory at Hindmarsh Stadium loomed as a potentially match-defining inclusion.
The midfield anchor had surpassed even their own lofty standards this season with a level of consistency and quality rarely seen in the A-League.
Indeed, they topped The Advertiser Golden Boots count by a whopping 31 votes and had been a leading contender for Fox Sports' Alex Tobin Medal all campaign, rare feats for a true No.6.
Isaias was typically influential in driving Adelaide to its hard-earned 2-1 victory against Perth.
They produced a moment of class to set up Nikola Mileusnic's winning goal and provided the tactical discipline to ensure the Reds' maintained their shape to jump to fourth on the table.
The Spaniard showed their vision in the second minute when they sprayed a pinpoint 40m pass down the line for the sprinting George Blackwood to tee up the host's first attack.
Dropping between the centre backs to begin forward forays, acting almost as a gridiron quarterback, had become a feature of their game under coach Marco Kurz.
The ploy had no doubt contributed to their 1010 passes – the fourth-highest number in the competition – at a stunning 82.8 per cent accuracy rate their season.
It again came to fruition just before the break when they played a superb ball over the flat Perth back four for Mileusnic to run on to and hand United the lead.
Remarkably it was the former Espanyol player's first assist of the campaign, highlighting that they need not always be directly involved in goals to catch the eye.
Earlier, Isaias produced a delightful sidefoot volley to again create a chance for Mileusnic.
Camera Icon Isaias celebrates with teammates following Nikola Mileusnic's matchwinning goal. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/David Mariuz
Their efficiency in possession was demonstrated in a clever dink of a bouncing ball over Andy Keogh in the centre circle and a composed spin away from danger.
But it had been their work without the ball that had won just as many plaudits this season and earned them a league-high 49 interceptions.
Their ability to read the play and break up opposition attacks was evident late in the fist half when they brilliantly cut out Kilkenny's ball from the back and whipped in a dangerous cross.
Isaias also led their side in tackles (48), duels (213), chances created (28) and, incredibly for a holding midfielder, crosses (82) this summer.
Of course stats tell only part of the story. The 30-year-old acts as Kurz's commander-in-chief on the pitch.
They were as usual a bundle of energy and action against the Glory, encouraging teammates and organising at defensive set pieces then getting forward to take corners at the other end.
Isaias also displayed courage in abundance and an ability to use their body cleverly despite standing just 176cm.
After being hauled back and slung to the ground by Kilkenny, they shook off the heavy knock and rejoined the action almost immediately.
Isaias sat deeper in the second half as the Reds looked to preserve their lead.
But it was another 90-minute display of intelligence and assurance which underlined their vital importance to United's cause.
Brimscombe and Thrupp manager Sam Prior says their side need to start 'turning chances into goals and games into points' ahead of Tuesday night's Hellenic Premier Division match against Wantage Town, writes Johnny Morton.
The Lilywhites have picked up one point from their first two league games following a 1-0 loss to Thatcham Town on Saturday, and Prior is hoping to rebound from a 'frustrating' display with three points.
"We didn't play as well as we can do," said Prior.
"We conceded a sloppy goal, getting caught with a ball over the top and conceding a penalty. We huffed and puffed then and had a goal that was disallowed that should have possibly stood, but we didn't really produce enough quality to beat 10 men in the end.
"Thatcham hung on, but they didn't test the goalkeeper enough. It was frustrating really. We have played two league games and have one point to show for it, and we haven't played badly.
"There is a long way to go, but we have to start turning chances into goals and games into points."
They face a Wantage side that were relegated from the Southern League last season, and are coming off a 2-1 loss to Lydney Town.
Prior says one of the goals ahead of the season was picking up more points against big teams at The Meadow, and Tuesday offers their squad another chance to do just that.
"Last year we had a really good record on the road. Sometimes the pressure is off and you can go and enjoy yourselves away from home," they added.
"We were trying to target taking more points off the top boys, and in particular at home this season. That's why Saturday was frustrating, because I felt we could and should have done.
"The reason they are a top side is because they know how to win games when their backs are to the wall, and tomorrow night will be no different.
"They were a Southern League side last season so I expect they will be strong and come and test us. Not necessarily because it's a home game, but in general we could do with getting something from the game."
Brimscombe are in FA Cup action again this weekend, and Prior is looking for their side to carry momentum into their clash with Hayes and Yeading.
"It would be fantastic to take momentum into the weekend, but even if we don't, Saturday is a one-off game and the boys will be up for it," they said.
"It's a good game to play against a good side with a lot of pedigree. They've obviously had a tough couple of years with hard times, hence why they are playing at the level they are now, which is still above us.
"We know from last season, as long as you turn up anything can happen."
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
Republican Sen. Rand Paul and Rep. Mark Sanford have joined forces on dismantling Obamacare and will introduce a bill Wednesday that would lift restrictions on insurers and give Americans more tax breaks for buying and using health care.
CNN obtained a summary of the legislation Tuesday afternoon.
The bill is likely to garner broad support among Sanford's colleagues in the conservative House Freedom Caucus and puts considerable pressure on party leaders to move quickly on overhauling Obamacare, as they have yet to unveil a blueprint for an alternative. The Sanford-Paul legislation is intended to send a clear signal that there is no excuse for delaying a vote to roll back the health care law.
Sanford told CNN in an interview to preview the bill that it is simply not tenable for Republicans to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan.
"I tell my boys all the time: It's not good too enough to say what you're against. Tell me what you're for," Sanford said. "It's not enough for us as Republicans to say we are against Obamacare. I think everybody's got that. The real cause for anxiety is people who (are) concerned about what comes next."
Pointing to the pro-Obamacare protestors and constituents who have targeted Republican lawmakers' town halls in recent weeks, Sanford said the GOP has reached an "inflection point."
"Our simple message is we don't want to have 'Obamacare light.' That would be a mistake," the South Carolina member of congress said. "We've all seen the crowds in different town hall meetings. We've all gotten the emails and phone calls, and there will be a real temptation to do that based on political forces and based on political fear."
Sanford and fellow members on the Freedom Caucus have grown increasingly vocal in requesting that GOP leaders move swiftly to repeal Obamacare.
On Monday night, the group voted to urge leadership to bring to the House floor an Obamacare repeal bill that Republicans approved in 2015. That legislation called for repealing the law's taxes immediately while giving Congress two years to come up with a replacement plan. At that time, the Obamacare mandates would end funding for subsidies, and Medicaid expansion would be eliminated. (Sanford said they would oppose any Obamacare repeal bill that is less aggressive than what Republicans sent to President Barack Obama's desk in 2015).
The Sanford-Paul legislation is designed to work in conjunction with the repeal reconciliation bill and contains many popular Republican health care provisions.
The measure would allow insurers to sell a wider array of policies, including those with more limited benefits and lower premiums. It would let Americans sock away $5,000 in health savings accounts (HSA) tax free, up from $3,400 this year, while also enabling those who buy their own coverage to deduct the premiums from their incomes. It would protect those with pre-existing conditions as long as they had continuous coverage.
The bill would also allow people and small business owners to band together through professional associations to purchase insurance, with the goal of decreasing the cost through greater numbers. And it would permit insurers to sell policies across state lines.
The legislation also proposes restricting the use of taxpayer funds for abortion by banning people from using HSA funds for elective abortions.
One of the biggest obstacles for Sanford and Paul will be garnering bipartisan support for their bill in the Senate, where 60 votes will be required to approve Obamacare replacement measures.
"I'm going to focus on the House and Rand will focus on the Senate," Sanford said. "We'll take one step at a time."
Despite the mounting pressure from colleagues, House GOP leaders insisted Tuesday that they were taking a measured approach to overhauling Obamacare.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said at a press conference that leaders are taking a "step-by-step" strategy on repeal and replace.
"We want to get it right, and we've been taking our time to do that," said Republican Rep. Greg Walden, the chairperson of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. "You're going to see us come forward with a replacement bill after we repeal that makes sure that people have access to affordable care health for the first time."
After a hugely successful inaugural season last summer, the team behind MosaïCanada 150 have their work cut out for them to build similar hype for the horticultural exhibit's second iteration in Gatineau.
“The challenge is to present something more than last year,” Lise Cormier said Tuesday. Cormier is the vice-president of Mosaïcultures Internationales de Montréal, the non-profit behind the garden dreamscape that drew 1.3 million visitors to Jacques-Cartier Park during Canada's sesquicentennial celebrations.
The biggest news of the weekend was yet another troubling story about about Facebook's privacy standards — or lack thereof. The New York Times reported on Saturday that Cambridge Analytica, the voter-profiling firm funded by right-wing donors and used by the Trump campaign, acquired personal information about 50 million unwitting Facebook users in 2014 by creating a data-harvesting personality quiz app that a Cambridge Analytica associate pretended to be using for academic purposes. "Interviews with a half-dozen former employees and contractors, and a review of the firm's emails and documents, have revealed that Cambridge not only relied on the private Facebook data but still possesses most or all of the trove," the Times reported.
Facebook preempted the reporting by suspending the accounts of Cambridge Analytica and its app developer — as well as the account of Christopher Wiley, the whistleblower who alerted reporters to the scope of Cambridge Analytica's data-scraping operation. The Times' story, and a contemporaneous story in the Observer (a sister publication to the Guardian), led to calls from British and American lawmakers for Facebook to explain its user protections.
Is this a turning point for Facebook — or for would-be regulators of the social media giant? Or is it just a reflection of the way our data routinely gets exploited in the social media era? Here's what analysts are saying.
This Scandal Is Proof That Facebook Cannot Be Trusted To Protect Users On Its Own
John Thornhill sounds the alarm about Cambridge Analytica's abuse of Facebook users' private information and calls for stronger regulation of social media companies like Facebook.
[T]hese companies have been built to maximise profits rather than optimise social good. Their business is to encourage advertising-generating clicks rather than democracy-enhancing content.
If market forces will never compel these companies to reorient their goals, then governments can be expected to do so for them, particularly in Europe. The German government has already implemented a law slapping heavy fines on platforms that fail to take down illegal content sufficiently quickly. In May, the EU's 28 member countries will adopt the General Data Protection Regulation, constraining the exploitation of personal data. The nuclear option would be to reclassify such platforms as publishers, making them as responsible for the content they host as newspapers or broadcasters.
[Financial Times]
Facebook Needs To Abandon Its Self-Justifying Impulses And Invite More Critics Into The Company
TechCrunch's Josh Constine criticizes Facebook's defensive response to the scandal and says that the company must change its internal culture if it wants to prevent more and more of these privacy scandals from eroding its user base and necessitating stronger governmental oversight.
Facebook is going to lengths to fight the news cycle surrounding its controversies instead of owning up early and getting to work. Facebook knew about Cambridge Analytica's data policy violations since at least August 2016, but did nothing but send a legal notice to delete the information. It only suspended the Facebook accounts of Cambridge Analytica and other guilty parties and announced the move this week in hopes of muting forthcoming New York Times and Guardian articles about the issue (articles which it also tried to prevent from running via legal threats.) And since, representatives of the company have quibbled with reporters over Twitter, describing the data misuse as a “breach” instead of explaining why it didn't inform the public about it for years...
Facebook still seems to lack or ignore the cynics and diverse voices who might foresee how its products could be perverted or were conceptualized foolishly in the first place. Having more minorities and contrarians on the teams that conceive its products could nip troubles in the bud before they blossom.
[TechCrunch]
Cambridge Analytica's Tactics May Be Troubling, But They're Hardly Unusual
Data security expert Kalev Leetaru, writing in Forbes, writes that Cambridge Analytica's alleged data-mining operation is par for the course for academic and private researchers. Leetaru summarizes a number of studies over the years that have used Facebook users' information without their informed consent and argues that what's changed isn't researchers' techniques but the public's awareness of and concern about potential privacy violations.
Not a day goes by that I don't see a request on an academic mailing list from a university researcher looking to extract a large volume of material from Facebook or announcing a new tool to make bulk extraction of user information from the platform easier. Any change the platform makes to restrict bulk access to its data is met with cries of foul. On the sidelines of any academic social sciences conference can be found any number of academics offering to ship bulk extracted Facebook data to fellow researchers.
Moreover, even when social media platforms become aware of explicit violations of their terms of service by researchers, it is unclear what consequences, if any, those researchers face.
[Forbes]
Facebook Needs To Work With Researchers To Increase Accountability For Data Analysts
Technology ethicists Jacob Metcalf and Casey Fiesler argue that the solution to violations of the trust between Facebook and its users isn't to tamp down on research using data from social media platforms but to open up transparent channels between researchers and platforms and to give users a more informed say over how their data is used.
We don't wish to reduce the amount of access researchers have to platforms. Quite the opposite. Increased access is necessary to build the infrastructures and norms of ethical research in this new frontier of science. Genuinely academic research shouldn't need to rely on manipulative viral quizzes to study these technologies at the heart of society. We should have a portal that allows registered researchers to query anonymized data from users who have consented to have their data offered to us, without ever needing the data to leave Facebook's own servers. This would open up doors for more research while also giving users more control over who has access to their data. Hopefully the lesson that the major platforms take from this scandal is that lack of open dialog about ethical research practices is precisely why they are exposed to the consequences of unethical research practices by third parties.
[Slate]
When It Comes To Micro-Targeted Political Advertising, The Cat's Out Of The Bag
The Atlantic's Alexis C. Madrigal spells out the danger of Cambridge Analytica's data-harvesting operation. It's not just that they have Americans' private data, it's that they might now have the means to show targeted political advertising to Americans based on their Facebook profiles. (And Facebook still lets advertisers target users based on just about any imaginable attribute.)
It's not just that the data escaped, but that Cambridge Analytica almost certainly learned everything they could from it. As stated in The Guardian, the contract between GSR and Strategic Communications Laboratories states, specifically, "The ultimate product of the training set is creating a 'gold standard' of understanding personality from Facebook profile information."
It's important to dwell on this. It's not that this research was supposed to identify every U.S. voter just from this data, but rather to develop a method for sorting people based on Facebook's profiles. Wylie believes that the data was crucial in building Cambridge Analytica's models. It certainly seems possible that once the "training set" had been used to learn how to psychologically profile people, this specific data itself was no longer necessary.
[The Atlantic]
Race car driver? Check. Professional Instagram boyfriend? Also check.
Arie Luyendyk Jr. is currently enjoying a European getaway with their fiancée Lauren Burnham — and she's putting their social media skills to the test.
“Too glam to give a damn,” they captioned a shot of themselves on Monday, sipping on champagne while perched on a balcony at sunset. “[Photo] cred to @ariejr for being the best insta fiancé in the biz.”
RELATED: All of the Photos from Arie Luyendyk Jr. and Lauren Burnham's European Vacation
Luyendyk Jr., 36, and Burnham 25, have been in Barcelona, where they're staying at the new Iberostar Paseo de Gracia hotel's penthouse suite, since last week. Before arriving in Spain, the couple kicked off their Eurotrip with a romantic sojourn to Reykjavik, Iceland.
The couple had previously joked about “fleeing the country” following the controversial conclusion to their season of The Bachelor: Less than two months after proposing to finalist Becca Kufrin, Luyendyk Jr. realized they were still in love with their runner-up, Burnham. They ultimately decided to break things off with Kufrin, 27, to pursue a relationship with Burnham — and proposed to them on live television earlier this month during the two-hour After the Final Rose special.
RELATED VIDEO: All About the Bold 3.5-Carat Engagement Ring Arie Luyendyk Jr. Gave Lauren Burnham
“I totally respect their decision to follow their heart,” Burnham told PEOPLE exclusively after the fact. “I don't blame them for it, and I think it's made us stronger in the end. It was worth risking getting hurt again to see where it could go. We've had a lot of conversations about it, and I know they won't change their mind again.”
RELATED: Jason Mesnick's Ex Melissa Rycroft Calls Bachelor Arie Luyendyk Jr. ‘Emotionally Clueless'
“It makes things easier for me knowing that they were able to be with Becca outside of this experience and they still knew that wasn't what they wanted,” they added. “It gives me confidence in our relationship knowing that they truly want to be with me and they took this huge risk to make it happen.”
The Food and Drug Administration showed no fondness for a bakery that listed love as an ingredient on its granola label. Love is not an ingredient, according to the agency.
Dozens of news headlines appeared today and late yesterday reporting the fact, citing a warning letter released yesterday that the agency sent late last month to the Massachusetts bakery, Nashoba Brook Bakery, LLC.
The media seemed to savor the ostensibly heartless move by the stony federal agency. But chuckles aside, the FDA's quibble over the ingredient list is a minor point in the letter. The rest of the warning lays out a disturbing and extensive list of sanitation violations by Nashoba. Together the violations paint a picture of a filthy, neglected facility—not a place where one would imagine things are lovingly baked.
During a recent bakery inspection, FDA agents discovered: dirt and filth caked onto ceiling vents and sprinklers directly above ready-to-eat foods; parts of the floor and ceiling that were missing for some reason; equipment, including bowls and cooling racks, that wasn't cleaned or maintained; and counters, shelves, and food production surfaces that were coated with an unknown residue.
Insects also proved worrisome. At one point, an FDA inspector noticed a one-inch-long, unidentified crawling insect directly underneath a batch of pastries. Last, the FDA reported that employees weren't following proper hygiene practices. One baker repeatedly dipped a blue bracelet into raw dough while mixing it.
In an e-mailed statement to Bloomberg, the FDA emphasized that "love" on the ingredient list was "not among the agency's top concerns."
Nashoba CEO John Gates told Bloomberg that some of the FDA's warnings were helpful, but it called others, including the ingredient quibble, examples of a "nanny state." It "just felt so George Orwell," they added.
"Reducing regulations at the federal level is a topic that everybody talks about," they said. "Some of these requirements, this kind of things don't sit right with me."
According to the FDA's warning letter, Nashoba has 15 days to correct the problems and reply with documentation, including photographs, showing the agency that issues have been resolved.
Update (10/5/2017): In e-mailed comments to Ars, Gates disputed the characterization that the bakery was filthy and stood by the safety of Nashoba's products. They added that Nashoba had responded to the FDA's inspection results prior to the warning letter but that the response was sent via paper mail and was not received by the agency. Nashoba is now working with the FDA to address the violations.
By Joseph Pisani, The Associated Press
Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after a recent price hike.
This year's sales event, which starts July 16, will be six hours longer than last year's and will launch new products. Amazon hopes to keep Prime attractive for current and would-be subscribers after raising the annual membership fee by 20 percent to $119 and to $12.99 for the month-to-month option. Outside of Prime Day, Amazon has added special discounts for Prime members at its more than 460 Whole Foods U.S. stores and has been adding new TV shows and movies on its video streaming service.
Related Articles Amazon Makes $1 Billion Splash in Health Care, Buying PillPack
You can now find marijuana laws for every California city using your Amazon Alexa
Amazon expands Prime discounts to Whole Foods across California “They want Prime to be a must-have membership,” says Suzanne Tager, who heads Bain & Co.'s retail and consumer products practices.
Prime Day, created by Amazon in 2015 to mark its 20th anniversary, has inspired other e-commerce companies to invent their own shopping holidays. Online furniture seller Wayfair introduced Way Day in April, becoming its biggest revenue day ever. While Prime Day brings in more revenue for Amazon, too, it also helps boost its Prime memberships. It had more sign-ups during 2017's event than any other day in the company's history, Amazon said at the time, without providing specific numbers.
Here's a look at what's new for this year's Prime Day:
WHOLE FOODS IN THE MIX: Expect discounts on groceries as well as in-store events, such as cooking demonstrations, says Jamil Ghani, the global vice president of Amazon Prime. And at its more than a dozen Amazon Books stores, discounts will expand beyond devices.
IT'S LONGER: After extending the daylong event to 30 hours in 2017, this year's Prime Day will be 36 hours long, starting the afternoon of July 16 and running through July 17.
NEW PRODUCT LAUNCHES: Several companies have agreed to launch new products on Prime Day, Amazon says. Among them, a Fingerlings unicorn doll whose horn lights up and a Delta kitchen faucet that can be turned on through Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.
PRIVATE LABEL PUSH: Amazon has been increasing its line of store brands, and it'll be offering deals such as 25 percent off its Rivet furniture brand, which didn't exist a year ago. Other deals include 30 percent off its Mama Bear diapers and baby products.
MORE COUNTRIES: Amazon has been expanding its Prime membership around the world, and four new countries will be a part of Prime Day this year: Australia, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Singapore. Amazon disclosed for the first time this year that it had more than 100 million paid Prime members worldwide.
LONDON (AP) - When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed their career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put them in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of their lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of their national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had their health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on their lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took them to Porto B and approved their transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and their wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end their dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed they should go through surgery.
"To see them wearing the Brazil shirt is a victory for us all, especially those that know them from those days."
Silva recovered and signed again to play for Wortmann, this time at Brazilian club Fluminense.
"When Thiago arrived I said they would play, be one of the best, go to a World Cup and win it," Wortmann said. "Tite makes the captaincy go around, so we never know who the captain will be. But if Brazil reaches the final and wins it, there is no one better than Thiago to lift it. Their perseverance is an example to us all."
Silva is just happy to be part of the team.
"If I get to wear the badge again it will be a great honor," Silva said. "But if I don't I will try to lead in the same way."
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
A Scottish couple is offering a generous yearly salary of $84,000 to their new live-in nanny but there's a seriously creepy catch. The job sounds like it could be the next sequel of The Conjuring.
The pair posted an ad looking for an au pair who could look after children and clean their home, which is actually haunted. So much so, they've gone through five au pairs in the past year alone.
In an ad posted on Childcare.co.uk, the couple said along with the $84,000 they'll chuck in a room with an ensuite and private kitchen plus 28 paid days off a year. It's all sounding pretty good until they reveal the reason for the perks.
Advertisement
"We have lived in our home for nearly 10 years. We were told it was 'haunted' when we bought it, but kept our minds open and decided to buy the house regardless," the ad said.
"Five nannies have left the role in the last year, each citing supernatural incidents as the reason, including strange noises, broken glass and furniture moving.
"This has obviously been a period of great upheaval for our children. We haven't personally experienced any supernatural happenings, as they have been reported only while we've been out of the house, but we're happy to pay above the asking rate, and feel it's important to be as upfront as possible to find the right person."
The couple lives in a small village in the Scottish Borders and have two children aged five and seven.
They describe their property as "love, spacious, historic" and "in a remote spot with spectacular views".
Other than dealing with the paranormal, the nanny is required to prepare breakfast, get the children ready in the morning, do the school drop off and pick up, help with homework and get the children ready for bed.
"My husband and I are both very busy professionals who are often required to work away and there are occasions, up to 4 nights per week, (weekdays only) when we will both be away and you will be at the property alone in sole charge" the ad said.
Childcare.co.uk founder Richard Conway told BBC they were stunned when they saw the ad.
"Some of the guys at HQ were sceptical but after talking to the family and their previous employees we realised it was a genuine position," they said.
"We have hundreds of thousands of providers on the site and we're hoping that one of them will be able to help them.
"We've had some weird and wonderful families find childcare providers through the site, however I think this is probably the most interesting story we've heard.
"The family has assured us that no harm has come to anyone living in the house, however the nanny will have to have a strong disposition."
The Waterloo Wellington chapter of the Canadian Mental Health Association is launching a project aimed at helping seniors at risk of elder abuse.
“The Gatekeeper Project is based on the principle that the care of a vulnerable citizen is everyone's responsibility and helping each other contributes to a better society,” a news release from CMHA reads.
“As part of the initiative, the collaborative is offering workshops to local community members, empowering them to be change-makers by helping to identify older adults who may be at risk of elder abuse, and teaching them how to make a referral to help older adults in need.”
These Gatekeepers can be anyone — including volunteers, employees of local businesses and neighbours — who has contact with vulnerable older adults.
“It's prevention, it's intervention, it's education,” states Cathy Sturdy-Smith, the manager of Seniors Services — Specialized Geriatric Services at the Waterloo Wellington chapter of the CMHA.
“Part of our hope for this program is that early identification of people who are at risk occurs and that's where we can make a difference. Neighbours are in a great position to do that.”
As part of this initiative, free workshops will be offered through until the end of March 2018. At these workshops, participants can be trained on identifying risk factors for older adults, forms of elder abuse and what role Gatekeepers can play.
"This project is unique because it educates community members to play a part and be the change for social good,” states Manon Germain, the project's facilitator, in the same news release.
“Gatekeepers can help us make our community stronger, safer, and one that shows we care for seniors."
According to the World Health Organization, more than 15 per cent of people over the age of 60 are subject to abuse, but only one in 24 cases are reported. The most common form of elder abuse is financial, with the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre reporting that seniors lost more than $24 million in 2015 to this type of abuse.
A rig located at Reykjanes, in southwest Iceland, is drilling into hot rocks to tap into geothermal energy — heat emitted from the Earth, which is clean and sustainable. Geothermal energy can be "harvested" from shallow ground, hot water or rocks found a few miles beneath the Earth's surface and even deeper, in the extremely high temperatures of molten rock, known as magma.
The drilling into the geothermal well began on August 12, 2016 and plans to go five kilometers into the Earth's crust, where temperatures will reach between 400°C and 1,000°C. The scientists hope to find the sweet spot of temperatures and pressures, that will allow them to create, supercritical fluid, which is any substance at a temperature and pressure above its critical point.
This will allow them to potentially generate 50mW of power compared to just five megawatts from a typical well.
​On January 25, drilling of the IDDP-2 well reached 4,659 meters, and temperatures at the bottom of the well measured at 427°C.
© AP Photo/ Brennan Linsley In this July 28, 2011 file photo, giant ducts carry superheated steam from within a volcanic field to the turbines at Reykjavik Energy's Hellisheidi geothermal power plant in Iceland.
"This high-energy concentration of supercritical fluid will give us more output in terms of electricity than a conventional high-temperature fluid," Bjarni Palsson, manager of geothermal research and development at Landsvirkjun, which operates 17 power stations across Iceland, said in a recent interview.
Dr. Jonathan Busby, team leader of renewables and energy security at the British Geological Survey (BGS), a company that researches geological innovations, said that this type of energy extraction is good for the environment. Dr. Busby also believes a key aim of Icelandic drilling is to develop an environmentally friendly way to extract the energy.
Magnus Helgason, managing editor of Iceland Magazine, said that environmentalists would want to see more advances in how geothermal energy is used.
"There is no opposition to this project. In fact, environmentalists would welcome any advances which make the generation of geothermal power more efficient."
"While geothermal power is green it comes at significant environmental costs. Geothermal areas, where geothermal power can be harnessed, are also among the most beautiful natural locations in Iceland. Drilling for geothermal power requires boreholes, roads, pipes carrying steam and other construction which alters the landscape, destroying untouched nature or beautiful formations. Reducing the number of boreholes needed by increasing the energy generated by each borehole should cut down on these effects," Mr. Helgason told Sputnik.
So what does the process of extraction involve?
"At the base of the well the temperatures and pressures will be high enough for water to be in a supercritical phase. Supercritical water can transport energy at an extremely high rate. As the supercritical water flows up the well, it decompresses and separates into two phases, water and steam. It is expected that the steam will be superheated and will then lead to the much greater power output when passed through the steam turbine," Dr. Jonathan Busby told Sputnik.
Geothermal energy is clean and sustainable. It is used to both generate electricity and as a means to cool and heat homes. #WednesdayWisdom pic.twitter.com/By1Q3ywNeV — Columbian Park Zoo (@ColumbianPrkZoo) February 8, 2017​
However, according to Dr. Busby, it should be noted that these wells are the first phase of a longer-term research and development project and it could be some years before commercial level power generation is underway from supercritical water. Mr. Helgason agrees that the technology is still in the early stages.
"The project is still in its infancy and it's still too soon to say with any certainty what the results will be, but it is certainly looking promising. Extracting energy directly from the earth‘s mantle provides us with a dramatic new option to generate green renewable energy and we desperately need this," Mr. Helgason told Sputnik.
"The IDDP is still in its experimental stage. It will take years before the project will actually generate energy. However, virtually all the power used to heat homes and businesses in Iceland is generated by geothermal power and 26 percent of all electricity used in Iceland is generated by geothermal power plants," they added.
For Iceland, advancing this kind of project is extremely important, as the country has very much embraced renewable energy.
"Iceland is aiming to increase its output of renewable energy, despite the fact that almost 100 percent of its energy is already from renewable sources (hydropower and geothermal). There is a proposal for an electricity interconnector between Iceland and the UK and the electricity supplied to the UK could come from the new supercritical generation," Dr. Busby told Sputnik.
So could this type of energy be the newest kid on the block in terms of something that is sustainable, renewable and better for the environment?
"There are other developments in renewable energy, for example advances in solar power, but supercritical geothermal is exploiting a high energy density source. Which means large quantities of energy could be generated, from a fairly small setup of well heads," Dr. Busby explained.
#WhatWeDo: Promote Sustainable Development https://t.co/yNzpmSDgpW
Geothermal energy heats greenhouses, is converted into electricity in NZ pic.twitter.com/QmkO9SYQ6m — United Nations Photo (@UN_Photo) February 3, 2017​
"It can be done in other countries with volcanic conditions, for example, Italy, Japan, but not in the UK. But note that there are other ways such as engineered geothermal systems, that can generate geothermal power at the lower temperatures we have in the UK, but the power per well would be a lot less," they added.
​This type of drilling does and has encountered problems however. For instance, the IDDP-1 project in 2009, failed due to problems experienced while drilling. The IDDP-2 is still in its infancy, so experts argue that unexpected problems will occur.
Carolina Panthers defensive end Daeshon Hall (74) has been placed on injured reserve with a knee injury. David T. Foster III dtfoster@charlotteobserver.com
IMAGINE waking up to crystal-clear waters and secluded sandy beaches just a stroll from your own island doorstep.
This is the reality at Lot 9 Svendsen's Beach on Great Keppel Island, which is up for sale for a cool $4.3 million.
The property is one of the rarest pieces of freehold real estate in Australia and it is located right on the doorstep of the Capricorn Coast.
Jointly owned by three brothers who grew up on the island, the sale of the pristine property is a reluctant move necessary to finalise their family estate.
Camera Icon Lot 9 Svendsen's Beach on Great Keppel Island. Picture: Supplied
The brothers are among five generations of the Svendsen family who have lived on the Capricorn Coast since their grandfather arrived in Australia from Denmark more than 60 years ago.
Paul “Punch” Svendsen acquired the property as a share in a sheep-grazing lease on the island.
Punch was well known in the area as a professional fisherman and lived on the island for most of their life.
Camera Icon The sunset over Svendsen's Beach. Picture: Supplied
Selling agent Sean Appleton said lot 9 Svendsens Beach on Great Keppel Island would make the perfect retirement or investment property with absolute beachfront to the north and west.
“The exclusive esplanades enhance this property's value and protect its ocean and beach views,” they said.
“The property is 6km from its nearest neighbours, making it a personal retreat and a sanctuary from the world.”
Mr Appleton said the property was initially on the market in 2013 before being put back up again three months ago.
Camera Icon Picture: Supplied
They said inquiries were already flooding in from people all over Australia.
“We've had people from Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide all be in contact,” they said.
“The 2.24-acre property on the northern tip of Great Keppel Island has a well-built comfortable home, a caretaker's cottage, guest accommodation, sweeping lawns and low-maintenance gardens.
“The island has an island truck, water taxi, private boat, ferry and helicopter access.
“With a good vessel anchorage and being the largest private freehold estate on Great Keppel Island, it's no wonder Lonely Planet guide names it the premier place to stay on the island and one of four must-see properties on the Capricorn Coast.”
Camera Icon The view from the verandah of the house on Lot 9 Svendsen's Beach. Picture: Supplied
Mr Appleton said ferries operated daily from Rosslyn Bay Harbour and was happy to take interested buyers for a day trip to soak up all the island had to offer.
They hoped Member for Keppel Brittany Lauga's $25 million promise for Keppel would be another drawcard.
“With the promise of water and power to GKI, I think the island will develop itself,” they said.
“It would take a lot of hard work out of developing the island further.
“This property really is the whole package that offers so much – much more than just a home or an investment. It offers a lifestyle that most people dream about.”
A lot of Indian fans are not very impressed with India's 3-0 Test series victory over Sri Lanka saying that we played against a really weak team. They are missing the basic point that the Lankans looked a weak team because India played really well and outplayed them in all departments.
Just take the example of the West Indies, which became a really weak Test team at the turn of the century. From 2000-02, England comfortably beat the West Indies 3-1, Australia whitewashed them 5-0 and South Africa went past them 2-1. Then Sri Lanka whitewashed the Windies 3-0 followed by Pakistan 2-0 in a 2-match Test series. You will have to scratch your head to go back to such a top eight weak Test team.
After the above, the very next series played by West Indies with a top team was India at home in 2002. That team was led by Sourav Ganguly who had beaten Steve Waugh's mighty 'invincibles'. The Indian team also boasted of a really great batting line-up. Ganguly's India still lost to a 'weak' Windies 1-2 in a series we could have easily won.
When we visited the West Indies again in 2006 in a four match Test series, they were even weaker, yet the first three Tests ended in a draw. In the final Test, only a treacherous spinning pitch which would have made India proud (captain Brian Lara even gesticulated angrily at the groundsman while batting) and two brilliant half-centuries by captain Rahul Dravid (the highest innings was 219) saw us win the series.
As Dravid was basking in the glory of becoming only the second captain in 35 years, they were totally foxed by a reporter who asked him, "But shouldn't you have won 4-0?"
In 2011 too, we had almost won a Test series on South African soil, won the ODI World Cup and were No. 1 in Tests. When we visited Australia, a lot of commentators said that India was at its strongest and Australia was at its weakest.
We had our greatest captain and our greatest batting line-up ever and Australia had been beaten by both South Africa and England at home and lost a lot of senior players. That "weak" team not only won, but whitewashed us 4-0. That "strong" team not only got whitewashed, but did not even compete or look like getting close to drawing even a single Test.
The truth is that Test cricket is a different league altogether and any "weak" team can maximize their resources and shut you out with a draw if they can't win. Just recently in July 2016, Sri Lanka whitewashed Australia 3-0 at home. No team falls that fast no matter who retires.
Rangana Herath is probably still the best spinner in Sri Lankan conditions. Lakshan Sandakan got a 5-wicket haul in their last innings. Angelo Mathews is a solid batsman. Dimuth Karunaratne was among the runs. Kusal Mendis hit a century. This is an upcoming and rising team. We just made sure they didn't rise "now"!
Another question! How many 3-0/4-0 Test whitewashes do we have outside India? The answer is zero. We couldn't achieve such feats even against Zimbabwe and Bangladesh in the past let alone other teams.
Great teams have to beat the really good teams and whitewash the really bad ones. Indian teams in the past would achieve the first but never come close to doing the second.
We have won three Tests in an overseas series just once in our history, the 3-1 in New Zealand way back in 1968. So you can see how the 3-0 in Sri Lanka is a big cause for celebration. This is also our eighth straight Test series win with five being in India, two in Sri Lanka and one in the West Indies.
We have never dominated the ICC rankings so much. The team is Number 1 by a mile. Sir Ravindra Jadeja is No. 1 in bowling and all-rounder rankings. Ravichandran Ashwin was No. 2 after the second Test. Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli were in the top 5 batsmen. It's a fine all-round team that is building up.
Sri Lanka is visiting India next and if we win that then it will be nine successive series wins. After that if we beat South Africa in South Africa, then Virat Kohli's team will rightly claim to be the greatest Indian Test team of all time, though that is still far off.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. -- The son of Tory legend John Crosbie has announced their interest in running for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Ches Crosbie, a lawyer based in St. John's, says in a news release that he's going to offer for the leadership in part because of concerns over the province's precarious financial condition.
They say the Liberal government under Premier Dwight Ball hasn't been displaying strong leadership in managing Newfoundland's struggling economy.
Crosbie says he'll be spending the next few months travelling the province on a "Connect with Crosbie" tour.
No date has been set yet for a leadership convention for the party.
Crosbie's father served in the cabinets of both Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney and ran for the leadership of the federal party.
The average Brit considers themselves to be 79 percent good – and 21 percent bad, according to a new study.
Researchers took an in depth look into how the nation sees themselves - with some surprising results.
According to the data most of us (45 percent) claim we would do anything for anyone, while a further 28 percent would consider themselves to be a “good egg”.
However, behind the smiles and the niceties, 90 percent of us claim to have a dark side – with the average Brit owning up to doing something bad six times in the last 12 months.
Saying something spiteful to hurt someone else (25 percent), sharing a secret had promised you'd keep to yourself (22 percent) and kissing someone you shouldn't make Brits naughty list.
One in twenty (5 percent) even admitted to having an extra marital affair and 16 percent have sworn at a stranger in the street after a minor disagreement.
The ‘good v bad' study, which was carried out by online casino playojo.com also revealed women claim they are more likely to have a dark side than men (61 percent).
In fact, a sinister one in ten (11 percent) of the 1,500 adults polled said they have a dark side that no one knows about.
Yesterday a spokesperson for playojo.com casino said: “On the whole the research shows most people consider themselves to be good person - but we all have a tendency to go off piste from time to time.
“The research highlighted that most people are aware of their weaknesses whether that be telling a few fibs, losing our temper or snooping at something we shouldn't.
“No one can be perfect all the time and we are all capable of behaving badly when tired, stressed or under pressure.
“We realised there was a level of distrust among players in the online casino industry and we pledged to give them a more rewarding and fairer alternative.
“At PlayOJO.com we've re-written the rules for online gaming – We give players back control of their money with no sneaky terms and conditions in the small print. We don't have wagering requirements and we give money back on every bet, win or lose. In fact, we're not bad for an online casino.”
To keep our dark side in check more than two thirds (67 percent) of the population felt they need the occasional chance to misbehave.
And nearly two thirds (64 percent) of respondents said they find people who are ‘holier than thou' a bit boring and felt it was good to have an edgier side.
High stress levels and a bad temper were the most common weaknesses of those polled with a quarter complaining that money was their Achilles heel.
Telling lies, the opposite sex and alcohol were also listed as common character flaws the survey found.
A quarter of the adults polled (24 percent) said they have suffered life changing consequences as a result of being badly behaved and 39 percent said they often felt guilty after getting up to something they shouldn't.
Nearly half of Brits said they often come across as sweetness and light but harbour vicious thoughts about people they dislike.
BRITS MOST COMMON MISDEMEANOURS….
1. Lied about how much money you have spent
2. Said something spiteful to someone
3. Told a secret you said you would keep quiet
4. Lied about your whereabouts
5. Sworn at a stranger
6. Flirted with someone you shouldn't
7. Lied about how much you drink
8. Snubbed someone in the street
9. Committed road rage
10. Snooped on someone's emails
11. Kissed someone I shouldn't have
12. Carried out an act of revenge on someone you don't like
13. Told a lie to hurt someone
14. Sent a naked selfie to someone
15. Sexted someone you shouldn't
16. Lied on a CV or interview
17. Stitched someone up at work
18. Had an affair
Cleveland Indians outfielder Michael Brantley could return to the starting lineup for Sunday's Game 3 of the American League Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Manager Terry Francona said Brantley will test their injured right ankle in the outfield at Yankee Stadium on Saturday's workout day. A decision likely will be made after the workout.
Brantley missed 50 consecutive games due to the injury before being activated from the disabled list last Saturday.
The two-time All-Star will be available as a pinch hitter for Friday's Game 2.
Brantley missed the 2016 postseason due to a shoulder injury. They batted .299 with nine homers and 52 RBIs in 90 regular-season games and was a member of the American League All-Star team.
"He helps us win," Francona said of Brantley. "I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing.
"I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us."
Damian Lillard led the Trail Blazers (29-23) with 32 points as Portland had its four-game winning streak snapped. CJ McCollum had 21 and Jusuf Nurkic scored 20.
Lillard became the fastest player in Trail Blazers history to reach 10,000 points in the process.
And although he's happy about their accomplishment, they credited DeRozan for being a threat from so many different spots.
"He was already a handful with their size and athleticism and how crafty they are," Lillard said. "Now you're chasing them over the top of screens and he's pulling up from three off the dribble, raising up and shooting it like that's always been their shot."
The Raptors entered the matchup two games back of the Boston Celtics for first place in the Eastern Conference standings. It's the start of the Raptors' longest homestand of the season (four games) and they also improved their NBA-best home record to 20-4.
DeRozan's dominance started in the first quarter when they scored 16 points, drained two three-pointers and converted on all six free throws. They and Lowry sat out the entire fourth quarter.
Lillard tried their best to get Portland back in it during the third, making several drives to the rim and producing 12 points.
But VanVleet wouldn't let the Trail Blazers gain enough momentum — emphasized by a pair of hard fought layup drives that resulted in points. DeRozan then had a three-pointer near the end of the third, giving Toronto a 21-point lead entering the fourth.
The Raptors carried their momentum from the first quarter into the second with a 12-2 run to open up a 29-point lead. The Trail Blazers chipped away at that lead but still trailed 74-52 at halftime.
Valanciunas was 2 for 4 from three-point range to continue their shot from deep of late. They entered the game 5 of 6 from three in their last four games.
VanVleet, who missed Thursday's game due to personal reasons, finished 6 of 12 from the field in 21 minutes.
Notes: Raptors F/G C.J. Miles (sore right knee) missed their third straight game. ... A moment of silence was held before the game for former Raptor Rasual Butler. Butler and their wife died in a single-automobile accident on Wednesday in Los Angeles. They were 38. ... Toronto wore its black and gold "Welcome Toronto" uniforms. ... The Raps host Memphis on Sunday afternoon and Portland travels to Boston the same day.
___
Follow @RyanBMcKenna on Twitter
By Ryan McKenna, The Canadian Press
Stennis Space Center Deputy Director Randy Galloway joins us to talk about NASA, the mission Stennis is carrying out today, and the future.
“I could not have done it without my offensive line,” Hollingshead said after they were told about their career night. “With it being senior night, all the guys were ready to go, and we left it all out on the field. Grand is a great football team, but our guys stepped up and made big plays.”
By BRIAN BOHNERT
SENIOR STAFF WRITER
For the third straight year, an online study has ranked Fostoria among the most affordable housing markets in Ohio.
SmartAsset.com, an online financial technology company, ranked Fostoria as the 10th-most affordable place to purchase a home in the state, dropping the city seven spots from last year.
To complete the study, SmartAsset determined the total cost over five years of four key housing-related expenses — closing costs, real estate taxes, homeowners insurance and mortgage rates — for the average home in more than 4,400 U.S. cities, and then compared the data to each city's median household income.
The result was a system of grading each city on a 0-100 scale known as the “affordability index.” Fostoria was ranked no. 10 in the state with an affordability index of 41.10 — a nearly 52-point drop from last year's score of 92.99.
Nationally, Fostoria came in at no. 201 — a drastic fall from last year's ranking of no. 129. In 2015, the first year SmartAsset began conducting the home affordability study, Fostoria was ranked no. 2 in the state and no. 112 nationally.
Pam Shumaker, a real estate broker for American Heritage Realty, LLC., said Fostoria's housing market is on the up, with their office even dealing with a shortage of listings in town.
“We have people who want to move here and we don't have enough houses available,” Shumaker said, adding she's noticed the shortage since the first of the year.
At the time SmartAsset completed the study, the average closing cost for a home in Fostoria was $2,085 — down $224 from last year's $2,309 and up $253 from 2015's average of $1,832.
Shumaker said several factors can influence the closing cost for a home, including the type of financing prospective homeowners secure. For example, someone looking to buy a home in Fostoria can apply for a loan through the United States Department of Agriculture which allows for a down payment of $0.
Additionally, the Ohio Housing Finance Agency (OHFA) has lenders in Fostoria to help people with their down payments and closing costs. Shumaker said Huntington Bank has also offered a no-closing-cost program on home loans.
The annual property tax rate was $1.045 and annual homeowners insurance was $396. Additionally, the average annual mortgage rate in Fostoria increased from $2,986 in 2016 to $3,030 in 2017.
Fostoria's median household income, according to SmartAsset's study, was $33,485 — a loss of $1,223 from the $34,708 logged last year.
Only three Ohio cities placed in the top 10 for 2017 were ranked in the study last year. Delhi Hills — a Cincinnati suburb of approximately 5,200 people — took no. 1 in the state with an affordability index score of 49.72. Struthers, Delphos, Union and East Liverpool rounded out the top five.
Kermit, Texas was named the most affordable housing market in the United States for the second year in a row. With a population of a little less than 6,000 people, the namesake of Theodore Roosevelt's son earned a perfect score of 100 in SmartAsset's affordability index.
Texas has taken the nation's top spot in each of the three years the study has been conducted. In 2015, the only year Kermit wasn't named any.1, Mesquite, Texas nabbed a perfect score of 100 and the title of the most affordable housing market in the country.
For 2017, Federal Heights, Colorado took second place with a score of 89.36, followed by Pecos, Texas with 77.48 and Zephyrhills South, Florida with 66.87. Shamokin, Pennsylvania rounded out the nation's top five with an affordability index score of 65.97.
SmartAsset launched in 2012 as a way to provide people with helpful and statistically accurate advice on big financial decisions like buying a house or car, obtaining life insurance and applying for student loans.
The top 10 most affordable places to buy a home in Ohio as ranked by SmartAsset:
1. Delhi Hills
2. Struthers
3. Delphos
4. Union
5. East Liverpool
6. Youngstown
7. Northwood
8. Blacklick Estates
9. Northridge
10. Fostoria
To view the full study and the interactive map for 2017, visit https://smartasset.com/mortgage/how-much-house-can-i-afford?year=2017#ohio.
A request seeking comment from SmartAsset Managing Editor A.J. Smith was not returned by presstime.
Comments
comments
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple released iOS 11 barely a month ago, but emoji lovers are eagerly awaiting its first major update. Apple revealed a bunch of new emojis that will come to iOS devices with the release of iOS 11.1. The new characters are adaptations from Unicode 10, which added 56 new emojis.
Further Reading iOS 11, thoroughly reviewed A quick look into Apple's new emojis shows a triad of new "genderless" emoji with various skin colors and age differences. The release also brings a group of new clothing emoji, which include a hat, scarf, gloves, and trench coat.
New food icons include broccoli, dim sum, pie, and a traditional "takeout" container. There's also a selection of new mythical characters, including a fairy, mermaid, vampire, and wizard, for those of us who would rather live in a fantasy world whenever possible. Apple will also include some emoji announced on World Emoji Day (July 17), like Woman with Headscarf, Bearded Person, and Breastfeeding.
Arguably one of the most useful new emoji is the American Sign Language hand sign for "I love you." It's a welcome addition to the emoji library, as many activists have petitioned for it for a while now (just don't confuse it with the "rock on" metalhead emoji that already exists).
Developer and public betas of the iOS 11.1 update will be pushed out next week, but there's no word on when the update will be officially released to the public.
Listing image by Apple
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. – The Detroit Pistons will make their downtown Detroit debut and open the 2017-18 NBA Season at Little Caesars Arena on Wednesday, October 18 (7:00 p.m. EST) against the Charlotte Hornets.
The sparkling new state-of-the-art Little Caesars Arena features a dramatic arena bowl with close proximity to the action, great sight lines, a 5,100 square-foot overhead scoreboard with seamless display and some of the most advanced technology and fan amenities in the NBA.
Full and half-season ticket memberships are available now by calling (248) 377-0100 or visiting http://www.pistons.com/buynow. Members have the opportunity for unique pre- and post-game entertainment opportunities, all-inclusive club spaces, priority parking and food and drink options, as well as expanded access to restaurants and gathering locations in The District Detroit, one the largest sports and entertainment developments in the country. Located in the heart of the city, The District Detroit is a 50-block, mixed-use development anchored by Little Caesars Arena that unites six world-class theaters, five neighborhoods and three professional sports venues in one vibrant, walkable destination for people who want to live, work and play in an exciting urban environment.
Highlights of the Pistons' home schedule include two appearances by LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love and the Eastern Conference Champion Cleveland Cavaliers (November 20 and January 30) and two visits from Isaiah Thomas, Gordon Hayward and the Eastern Conference finalists, the Boston Celtics (December 10 and February 23). The NBA Champion Golden State Warriors featuring Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Michigan-native Draymond Green visit December 8, all-star point guard Chris Paul, MVP runner-up James Harden and the Houston Rockets come to Little Caesars Arena on January 6 and reigning NBA MVP Russell Westbrook, all-star forward Paul George and the Oklahoma City Thunder visit January 27.
Other intriguing Eastern Conference home contests include two meetings with John Wall, Bradley Beal and the Washington Wizards (January 19 and March 29), who pushed Boston to seven games in last year's Eastern Conference Semi-finals. Kyle Lowry, DeMar DeRozan and the Toronto Raptors visit Little Caesars Arena on March 7 and April 9 while NBA Most Improved Player of the Year Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks make stops in Detroit on November 3 and February 28. Joel Embiid, 2017 first overall pick Markelle Fultz, Ben Simmons and the Philadelphia 76ers appear on October 23 and April 4.
Enticing Western Conference home matchups include meetings with Kawhi Leonard, LaMarcus Aldridge and the San Antonio Spurs on December 30 and Jimmy Butler, Karl-Anthony Towns and the re-vamped Minnesota Timberwolves on October 25. Damian Lillard, C.J. McCollum and the Portland Trail Blazers make their lone stop to the Motor City on February 5 and rookie guard Lonzo Ball and the new-look Los Angeles Lakers come to Detroit on March 26.
The Pistons begin the first of two five-plus game home stands with match-ups vs. Milwaukee (November 3), Sacramento (November 4), Indiana (November 8), Atlanta (November 10) and Miami (November 12). Detroit then hits the road for five of their next six games: at Milwaukee (November 15), at Indiana (November 17), at Minnesota (November 19), vs. Cleveland (November 20), at Oklahoma City (November 24) and at Boston (November 27). From January 30 to February 28, the Pistons enjoy 10-of-13 games at home including a season-high six-game home stretch with games against Cleveland (January 30), Memphis (February 1), Miami (February 3), Portland (February 5), Brooklyn (February 7) and L.A. Clippers (February 9). Detroit embarks on their longest road trip, a six-game stint, with meetings at Utah (March 13), at Denver (March 15), at Portland (March 17), at Sacramento (March 19), at Phoenix (March 20) and at Houston (March 22).
Detroit will make eight appearances on national television with three on ESPN, one on TNT and four games on NBATV. ESPN's broadcasts include games vs. Golden State on Friday, December 6 (7:00 p.m. EST), vs. Washington on Friday, January 19 (8:00 p.m. EST) and vs. Toronto on Wednesday, March 7 (8:00 p.m. EST). TNT's broadcast will be on Tuesday, January 30 at 8:00 p.m. EST against Central Division rival Cleveland Cavaliers. NBATV will broadcast Pistons games at L.A. Lakers on Tuesday, October 31 (10:30 p.m. EST), Monday, January 15 vs. Charlotte (12:30 p.m. EST), Monday, March 5 at Cleveland (7:00 p.m. EST) and Sunday, April 8 at Memphis (2:30 p.m. EST). The club's local television schedule on Fox Sports Detroit will be announced at a later date. All games will be broadcasted on radio at 97.1 FM The Ticket or WWJ NewsRadio 950.
The Pistons' schedule features 14 sets of back-to-back games this season. Four of the team's back-to-back sets begin on the road and end at home, eight back-to-backs are on the road, one begin at home and conclude on the road and one back-to-back is at home.
I RECALL when John Howard was PM and the condemnation directed at them was, at times, so over the top that I found myself defending him.
This was not because their ideological world view was a natural fit with mine, but because the critics' grasp on reality was so slender.
Camera Icon Peter van Onselen
The same phenomenon is starting to happen with Malcolm Turnbull. Don't get me wrong, there are few other comparisons between this pair. Howard was a long-serving, adroit political leader who managed to pass a number of significant reforms, including gun laws and the GST.
Turnbull, on the other hand, has only been PM for a little more than two years and other than marriage equality is yet to build a significant legacy.
But the PM's critics are acting as if their failings are greater than they are, and their position is more perilous than it actually is.
Turnbull is wedged between condemnation on both their left and right flanks.
Bill Shorten seeks to paint chaos at every turn, simply because the Government's majority is wafer thin. The hypocrisy is astounding, given Shorten was a cabinet minister in Julia Gillard's minority government from 2010-2013.
Shorten also seeks to lampoon Turnbull for the recent SSM process, even though they were a senior player in a six-year Labor government that did absolutely nothing to advance marriage equality.
But the most hysterical attacks on Turnbull come from reactionary conservatives who are hell bent on bringing them down.
They are driven by bitterness and personal anger that Turnbull combined with a majority of their party room to bring down their mate Tony Abbott.
Spite is never a good emotion when seeking to make cogent arguments and there really is no logic to Turnbull critics arguing that they should resign when no viable alternative candidate is putting their hand up.
The more Turnbull's critics attack, the more the sensible centre is likely to think they aren't as bad as critics suggest. Don't get me wrong, the odds are that their Government never recovers in the polls. But the year has ended more positively for the PM than expected, or than their attackers are prepared to admit.
Marriage equality is now law, the energy debate didn't divide the coalition, George Christensen has been exposed as the leaker trying to wreck the Government, and their threats proved empty. And Turnbull's backflip on the banking royal commission has removed a Labor attack point.
Shorten is now under pressure, given the scandal surrounding their Senator Sam Dastyari, and the PM's proposed laws to curb foreign interference in Australian politics will serve as a reminder about Dastyari's failures. Throw in the latest Newspoll showing Turnbull's personal numbers have improved, their lead over Shorten as the preferred PM has been extended and the coalition party vote is up, and we have the makings of a possible recovery to start 2018. Even the citizenship crisis has rebounded on the Labor Party.
Yet Turnbull's spiteful attackers on their right flank won't let up, falsely arguing they broke a promise to preserve religious freedoms with SSM, even though Attorney-General George Brandis amended the Bill to beef up religious protections at Turnbull's behest. But reactionaries rarely let facts get in the way.
The more Turnbull is attacked the more reasonable they look in comparison with their attackers. That, if little else, is reminiscent of John Howard's prime ministership.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
The Lions enjoyed a breezy 24-10 win over the Colts in their preseason opener, but in no way did the team meet the expectations of its head coach.
Of course, that'd be pretty hard to do this time of year.
“Our expectations are always extremely high, so I'd tell you that it was far below,” Caldwell said of their team's performance on Sunday. “The other thing I'll tell you is that we've got a long way to go.”
The Lions' offensive starters played just one series, while most of the defensive starters were out of the game before the second half. Things got predictably sloppy in the final two quarters.
“There were some things that we did well, some things that we would like to do better,” said Caldwell. “We had six penalties in that game, we'd like to have somewhere between three and one. We turned the ball over, we'd like to have zero. We didn't get any turnovers.
“There are a number of different things I can point to that we thought we didn't do well, so we still got a lot to get accomplished. This is just the start and we're a long way away.”
The penalties, all of which occurred in the second half, were no fault of the starters. The one turnover was an interception by Matthew Stafford, whose pass deflected off the hands of Marvin Jones and into those of an on-the-spot Colts' defender.
The biggest disappointment for the Lions, of course, was Kerry Hyder's achilles injury. They will reportedly miss the 2017 season.
“Obviously, you're going to miss a guy like Kerry,” Caldwell said. “He's an outstanding player for us, he's been tough. But, just like anything else, we've got to find a way. I think we've got a number of young guys that are great candidates in that regard, and we've got some older guys that are going to have to step up and play.”
The Lions received encouraging performances from a pair of undrafted rookies in Alex Barrett and Jeremiah Valoaga, both of whom registered a sack on Sunday.
Of Valoaga, Caldwell said, “He played well. He's long. He's got some push. Between them and Alex, those number of guys got some pressure on the quarterback. And we kind of like what he's doing right now. But he's still young.”
The Lions will host the Jets on Saturday at Ford Field in their second game of the preseason.
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:41 P.J. Dozier wraps Memphis game
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
Sugarland is returning to Sugar Land.
That is, the band is coming back to the city.
It will be the second time the city's namesake country music band will perform here. The last time they performed on the steps of the newly constructed City Hall in Town Square.
“We actually got the keys to the city,” recalled Kristian Bush, half of the Sugarland duo, along with Jennifer Nettles.
On July 21, nearly 14 years later, they will perform in the city's newest concert venue.
In a phone interview with the Fort Bend Star, Bush recalled how the band got its iconic name.
“Whenever you're trying to name a band, there's always a precarious couple of weeks when you're throwing names around,” they said.
As they were forming the band in 2002, they were conducting auditions.
“One of the women auditioning was actually from Sugar Land and I thought, ‘oh my god, wherever that is, I want to be from there,” they said.
Bush went home that night and wrote a song about Sugar Land. They performed it for their bandmates and they agreed that the name worked.
“I think of your town as a magical place,” Bush said.
When asked how they felt about returning to Sugar Land, the enthusiasm bubbled up in their voice.
“It's feeling awesome; it's fantastic,” they said. “Houston is a place that has been a big part of our music.”
Bush explained that coming from Georgia they could relate to all the Texas musicians who were outsiders like them trying to make it big in Nashville. They said Texans in particular have always been big supporters of their music and vice versa.
Not only is this a journey back to Sugar Land for Bush, but it is a journey back to Sugarland as well. Although they never really disbanded, they and Nettles took a hiatus from 2012 to 2017. Last year they got back into the studio and recorded their new album “Bigger.”
“For us it's always been about the art,” Bush said. “If the commerce follows it, great.”
They said the creative expression is what drives them, as they co-wrote nearly every song on the album.
“Sugarland by definition is a product of our creative relationship,” they said.
They said they enjoy seeing how the layers of writing, playing music, and singing come together.
“The creative process like this one is magic,” they said.
The collaboration came naturally for Nettles and Bush.
“We recorded it in four days,” Bush said. “We wrote it in nine days.”
Of the 11 songs on “Bigger,” only one was written by someone else. Taylor Swift pitched the song “Babe” to them.
Bush said when Swift heard Sugarland was making music again, “she flipped out.” They pitched the song through a mutual friend.
“She was a fan of what we are doing,” Bush said.
Bush and Nettles sat on it for a while before including it.
Bush said each of their albums tell a story and they didn't want to use it if it didn't fit the album.
“We make things that fit. We're telling stories that will last for 15 years or more,” they said.
Bush said doing this album allowed for “an amazing kind of expression.” They explained that they noticed their children were soaking up everything they heard but did not really understand the world around them.
“How do I explain the world to my kids,” they said. “Preaching and yelling at a kid doesn't do anything, but engaging in conversation does.”
They hope the music on “Bigger” will open up avenues of conversation and understanding. In the meantime, the new Sugarland tour is now under way and arrives here July 21.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SAN DIEGO (AP) - Two in-state foes being forced back together on the court by the NCAA Tournament thousands of miles from home became a one-sided celebration for West Virginia.
Jevon Carter was the one leading the way.
Carter scored 28 points, Lamont West added 18 off the bench and West Virginia overwhelmed its in-state rival beating Marshall 94-71 on Sunday night in the second-round of the NCAA Tournament.
The Mountain State showdown out on the West Coast was all about the fifth-seeded Mountaineers. Bigger, more physical and making fewer mistakes, West Virginia (26-10) took control with a 19-0 first-half run. Carter's three 3-pointers in the first five minutes of the second half made sure there wouldn't be a rally coming from the 13th-seeded Thundering Herd. Carter added five assists, five steals and four rebounds and did it in just 29 minutes, sending West Virginia back to the round of 16 for the second straight year.
The Mountaineers will face top-seeded Villanova next Friday.
"We did it for the state," West said. "We just wanted to go out there and play hard. We knew that we didn't want to go home with (a loss) and we did what we could do."
Aside from their scoring, Carter was the leader of West Virginia's swarming defense that made the night miserable for the Herd. Marshall star Jon Elmore had more turnovers than points in the first half and was held to 15 points after scoring 27 points in the upset of Wichita State.
Ajdin Penava led the Herd (25-11) with 18 points, but Marshall had 18 turnovers and shot just 39 percent.
"You're not going to set up and run offense against this team, especially the way they played tonight because it was a full press the while time," Marshall coach Dan D'Antoni said.
The first meeting between the in-state rivals since 2015 when their annual series abruptly ended was a big enough event that West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice flew out to watch the game in person. Wearing a blazer that was half dark blue and half green, Justice spent the first half on the West Virginia sideline and the second half with the Marshall cheering section.
There wasn't much cheering from the Marshall fans as West Virginia led by as many as 31 in the second half.
But this was decided in the first 20 minutes thanks to West Virginia's dominant run to take control. While Carter, West and their teammates were getting easy looks at the offensive end, Marshall became careless with the ball and missed a number of shots around the rim. After taking an 18-11 lead, Marshall missed six layups in the final 13 minutes of the first half and watched West Virginia surge ahead. Elmore was the most notable Marshall player to struggle with West Virginia's pressure finishing the first half with just three points - scored in the first 65 seconds of the game - and six turnovers.
"We just tried to make it hard for him. We played team defense and we frustrated them a little bit. They just didn't know where to throw the ball and ended up causing them to turn the ball over," West Virginia guard James Bolden said.
West Virginia led 42-25 at the half and Carter's early 3s to start the second half ended any thought of a rally. Carter had 17 points in the second half.
"We don't just want to go to the Sweet 16," Carter said.
QUOTABLE
D'Antoni reiterated after the loss the series between the schools should be restarted.
"The game that we played should be played all the time. We would be better. It's better for West Virginia. Nobody lost this game. We won. We had the passion of West Virginia people there, passion of Marshall people there. That's what life is about," they said.
BIG PICTURE
Marshall: It wasn't 3-point shooting that was the problem. Marshall was 12 of 26 from deep, but just 10 of 30 on its shots inside the arc. The combination of turnovers and poor shooting inside the 3-point line was far too much to overcome.
West Virginia: The Mountaineers have been knocked out in the regional semifinals in each of their last two trips to the Sweet 16. West Virginia was eliminated by Kentucky in 2015 in a 39-point blowout and last year lost by three to Gonzaga. West Virginia has lost in the round of 16 in four of its last five trips there. The one exception was 2010 when the Mountaineers reached the Final Four.
UP NEXT
Marshall: The Herd should again be contenders in Conference USA next year with all five starters returning.
West Virginia: The Mountaineers will face Villanova. West Virginia has faced Villanova just once in the NCAA Tournament in 1962.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
"THE FIGHT IS ON," McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout.
"This is really an unprecedented event," said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. "Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do."
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
"All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done," they said. "The sky's the limit on this."
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
"As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it," Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
When Apple executives take the stage at WWDC 2018 next week, they'll likely spend a moment unveiling an all-new watch face.
Before we get ahead of ourselves, let's back up. 9to5Mac recently found strings in the beta version of iOS 11.3 that suggested Apple developed a special pride face for the Apple Watch. However, the company removed all those assets shortly after. But, with the release of iOS 11.4 and watchOS 4.3.1 on 29 May, new code has popped up with video assets once again showing off the yet-to-be-announced watch face.
The watch face is clearly inspired by the rainbow flag and will move if you tap the display, 9to5Mac said. The site also found assets within watchOS that show the bands of colour will move when the watch itself is moved, and that these movements will be different every time. Now, this new pride face is set to become available on 4 June at 12pm PST, which means it will likely be announced that same day at WWDC.
Apple has already announced it will hold a live-streamed opening keynote to kick off its annual developers conference. Go here to learn all about WWDC 2018 and what we expect to see from the show. Now, if you don't want to wait until then to grab this face, you could go to Settings on your watch, then General > Date & Time. From there, turn off the automatic option and pick a date and time after 4 June at 12pm PST.
Just keep in mind there is a risk of losing data. If you're at all worried about that, be patient and wait until the official release on Monday.
Friday, October 6, 2017
LOCAL
► From KNKX — UW postdoctoral researchers make move to unionize — Postdoctoral researchers at the University of Washington are taking a step toward unionizing. They're working with UAW Local 4121, which represents academic student employees at the university. Postdoctoral researchers, also known as postdocs, are people who already have a Ph.D., and conduct research and publish scholarly articles. They're calling for an election on whether they want to join a union. A UW spokesperson said the step toward unionization is a fairly recent development, and that the university did not immediately have a response.
ALSO at The Stand — UW's 1,200 Postdocs file for union election
► In today's (Longview) Daily News — Norpac to lay off nearly 50 mill workers — As Norpac prepares to slash production capacity by nearly a third, the company confirmed Thursday that there could be fewer layoffs at the mill than originally expected. The mill plans to shed less than 12 percent of its workforce — fewer than 50 people — when it idles one of its three paper machines at the end of October.
► From The Stranger — $15 minimum wage failed to prevent staffing crisis in Seattle's restaurants — The Puget Sound Business Journal reports that the consensus of “a group of restaurateurs and executives who gathered for a panel last week hosted by Yelp and restaurant marketplace” is that the biggest crisis facing their businesses is not high wages, it is stubborn staffing shortages caused by the booming economy and rising rents. But if you read the UW study, you would think that the main thing bugging “restaurateurs and executives” is the $15 minimum wage. But it sounds like wages in the city need to rise, not fall.
ALSO at The Stand — UW's minimum wage study tries to flip the script—and reality
THIS WASHINGTON
► In today's Columbian — Study compares counties' tax contributions to state expenditures — For every dollar Clark County residents pay in tax revenue to the state government they get back roughly $1.23 in spending from the state's general fund. That's one of the conclusions of a recent study from the state's Office of Financial Management that compares the amount of revenue the state collects from each of Washington's 39 counties to the amount of expenditures the state spends in each county. The study ranked counties on how much state spending they receive over how much they contribute in taxes. The study shows that some counties contribute more to state coffers while others receive more in spending than they contribute in taxes.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Check it out. Where did we spend the most while collecting the least? Stevens County, which got $1.92 in spending for every dollar in tax revenue, followed by Yakima ($1.84), Okanogan ($1.83), Mason ($1.80), and Adams ($1.80). All are red (Republican) counties. Who paid the most and got the least back? King County got $0.64 in expenditures for every $1 in taxes. Alas, this has always been the case, but this blue-to-red subsidization will be exacerbated by the Senate Republicans' successful gambit to boost school funding by increasing property taxes in King County and other populous areas, while cutting property taxes in rural areas.
► From KUOW — Delays, extensions as Western State Hospital struggles to get back on track — Efforts to turnaround Washington's troubled Western State Hospital are taking longer than expected. The federal government this week granted yet another extension to give the state's largest mental hospital more time to fix systemic problems.
HEALTH CARE
► In today's Washington Post — As ACA enrollment nears, administration keeps cutting federal support of the law — For months, officials in Republican-controlled Iowa had sought federal permission to revitalize their ailing health-insurance marketplace. Then President Trump read about the request in a newspaper story and called the federal director weighing the application. Trump's message in late August was clear: Tell Iowa no. Supporters of the Affordable Care Act see the president's opposition even to changes sought by conservative states as part of a broader campaign by their administration to undermine the 2010 health-care law. In addition to trying to cut funding for the ACA, the Trump administration also is hampering state efforts to control premiums. In the case of Iowa, that involved a highly unusual intervention by the president himself.
► From AP — Birth control: Trump expands opt-out for workplace insurance — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
► In today's Spokesman-Review — Congress needs a quick fix for CHIP (editorial) — Funding expired Sunday for the Children's Health Insurance Program, a program that ensures about 9 million children in low- to moderate-income families, including about 60,000 in Washington, have access to health care… It isn't reasonable to let CHIP lapse for any period of time. By the same token, it is reasonable to ask how it will be paid for. The same holds true for the House and Senate as they ponder tax cuts. The president's proposal comes without commensurate budget offsets.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Apparently, we can't afford health care for children, but we can afford trillions in tax cuts targeted to corporations and the richest Americans?
THAT WASHINGTON
► In today's Washington Post — The GOP tax plan just cleared a major hurdle. Here are 3 major ones that remain. — Just weeks ago, the fate of a House budget measure remained in doubt. The chamber voted 219 to 206 to approve the spending blueprint, and the party needs to bottle that unity to move forward.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Eighteen House Republicans crossed party lines to vote alongside all Democrats against this budget resolution, but none of them were from Washington state. GOP Reps. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Dan Newhouse and Dave Reichert all voted in lockstep with the Trump administration on this one.
► From Pew Research — More Americans favor raising than lowering tax rates on corporations, high household incomes — About a quarter of U.S. adults (24%) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered, as proposed in the Republican tax plan, while roughly twice as many (52%) say corporate taxes should be raised. As for higher-income households just 24% say taxes on incomes over $250,000 should be reduced; 43% say they should be raised, while 29% favor keeping them the same.
► From the EPI — Republicans' tax plan gives the top 1 percent of households a $207,000 tax cut; Bottom 20 percent get $50 — Despite repeatedly claiming they would provide a “middle-class tax cut,” the Tax Policy Center confirms that the Republican tax plan amounts to nothing but an enormous tax cut for rich people — just like every single Republican plan before it. TPC found that by 2027, the Republican tax cut would deliver 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent, households that currently have incomes of roughly $730,000 or more. The top 1 percent of tax filers would receive a $207,060 average tax cut. In comparison, the bottom 20 percent of earners will receive only a $50 average tax cut.
► From HuffPost — Is this White House aide trying to sink a deal on DACA? — As lawmakers seek to negotiate a deal to give legal status to young undocumented immigrants, one of President Donald Trump's senior policy advisers, Stephen Miller, seems to be pursuing a strategy to torpedo the negotiations.
► From AFL-CIO Now — NAFTA negotiations still need improvements — On Sept. 27, the United States, Canada and Mexico finished the third round of the NAFTA renegotiation talks. The negotiations are still being held behind closed doors. The public does not have access to the negotiating texts. This means we know few details—and the devil is always in the details when we're talking trade. That alone means there is cause for concern: Transparent and democratic negotiations are the AFL-CIO's #1 recommendation for creating a fair and progressive trade policy.
► From HuffPost — Robert Mueller's Russia probe reportedly looking into the ‘pee tape' dossier — Mueller's investigators have spoken to Christopher Steele, the former British spy who compiled the scandalous dossier containing explosive, unverified allegations regarding Trump and their associates. Among other things, it alleges that Russian officials are sitting on damaging information about the president, including accusations that Trump hired “a number of prostitutes to perform a ‘golden showers' (urination) show in front of him” while staying in a hotel suite in Moscow that was under surveillance by Russian intelligence.
EDITOR'S JOKE — You know the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? Trump has never had a garbanzo bean on their face.
NATIONAL
► In today's NY Times — Armed with a new approach, Las Vegas first responders rushed into chaos and gunfire to save lives — Fire departments traditionally have waited in shootings until police declare it safe for medics to treat victims. But when a concert outside the Mandalay Bay hotel was attacked, Nevada officials applied lessons from shootings in other states and sent medics in to work while police formed protective bubbles.
EDITOIR'S NOTE — These are our everyday heroes.
► In today's NY Times — U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September as hurricanes roared through — Hurricanes appeared to knock down payroll totals, yielding the first monthly decline in employment in seven years, though economists expect a rebound.
T.G.I.F.
► This week we lost another great musician. The Entire Staff of The Stand's favorite story about the great Tom Petty is how they stopped the record distribution company MCA from milking their fans for an extra buck. In 1981, they were about to release Hard Promises and MCA announced “superstar pricing” of $9.98 — alongside Steely Dan's Gaucho and the Olivia Newton-John/Electric Light Orchestra Xanadu soundtrack. (?!) It was a dollar more than the usual list price of $8.98 and Mr. Petty no likey. They complained loudly in the press and ultimately threatened to rename their new album Eight Ninety-Eight before MCA backed down on the price increase. Here Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers perform at their 2002 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. R.I.P., Mr. Petty.
The Stand posts links to Washington state and national news of interest every weekday morning by 10 a.m.
Parents and pediatricians know that reading to infants is a good thing, but new research shows reading books that clearly name and label people and objects is even better.
That's because doing so helps infants retain information and attend better.
"When parents label people or characters with names, infants learn quite a bit," said Lisa Scott, a University of Florida psychology professor and co-author of the study published Dec. 8 in the journal Child Development. "Books with individual-level names may lead parents to talk to infants more, which is particularly important for the first year of life."
Scott and colleagues from the University of Massachusetts-Amherst studied infants in Scott's Brain, Cognition, and Development Lab. Babies came into the lab twice: once at 6 months old and again at age 9 months. While in the lab, eye-tracking and electroencephalogram, or EEG, methods were used to measure attention and learning at both ages.
In between visits, parents were asked to read with their infants at home according to a schedule that included 10 minutes of parent-infant shared book reading every day for the first two weeks, every other day for the second two weeks and then continued to decrease until infants returned at 9 months. Twenty-three families were randomly assigned storybooks. One set contained individual-level names, and the other contained category-level labels. Both sets of books were identical except for the labeling. Each of the training books' eight pages presented an individual image and a two-sentence story.
The individual-level books clearly identified and labeled all eight individuals, with names such as "Jamar," "Boris," "Anice," and "Fiona." The category-level books included two made-up labels ("hitchel," "wadgen") for all images. The control group included 11 additional 9-month-old infants who did not receive books.
The infants whose parents read the individual-level names spent more time focusing and attending the images, and their brain activity clearly differentiated the individual characters after book reading. This was not found at 6 months (before book reading), for the control group, or for the group of infants who were given books with category-level labels.
Scott has been studying how the specificity of labels affects infant learning and brain development since 2006. This longitudinal study is the third in a series. The eye tracking and EEG results are consistent with their other studies showing that name specificity improves cognition in infants.
"There are lots of recommendations about reading books to babies, but our work provides a scientific basis for these recommendations and suggests that the type of book is also important," they said. "Shared reading is a good way to support development in the first year of life," "It creates an enjoyable and comforting environment for both the parents and the infant and encourages parents to talk to their infants."
###
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation.
P>
Fatoumata Gamby in the living room of their West Philadelphia apartment. Gamby is just one of the residents of the complex who received an eviction notice.
Dozens of residents in two West Philadelphia apartment buildings received letters April 9 telling them to move out by April 30 when the doors would be locked and utilities shut off. The letter said the city was ordering the landlord to cease operations.
The city, however, said Tuesday that it issued no such order. The owner needs the tenants out because they are selling the buildings, Admiral Court and Dorsett Court, at 48th and Locust Streets, according to an attorney for SBG management company, which maintains the properties.
Rachel Garland, an attorney with Community Legal Services, said what happened was unlawful. “Eviction is a legal process,” they said. “A landlord cannot shut down a building, lock the doors, or shut off utilities without going through this legal process and obtaining a court order.”
CLS is working with about 70 tenants who are scrambling to determine what rights they have to stay beyond the next six days and where to resettle in a neighborhood where affordable housing options are growing scarce amid new development.
“Since I got that letter, I can't sleep,” said Fatoumata Gamby, 38, who lives in a 2-bedroom apartment in Admiral Court with their three kids under 10. “I thought it was a joke. If I have to move, so be it, but don't give me 21 days to move with three kids. It's unrealistic. It's a nightmare.”
The four-story brick buildings have 105 apartments, though tenants interviewed estimate only about 30 percent of the units are vacant. Residents are mostly low-income families, paying below-market rent. The apartments were last sold in 2005 and have fallen into disrepair. The city demanded certain fixes in January and then sued owners in March for failure to attend to broken windows and doors, restore heat to certain units and make electrical and plumbing repairs. A court date is set for May 8.
“The reality is the owner can no longer sustain the debt on the building because the tenants are not paying,” said Donna Ross, a lawyer for SBG. “There's an an enormous amount of tenant debt and tenant damage. We are working tirelessly to try and accommodate people by the 30th.”
Ross said the owner, Phillip Pulley, had an agreement of sale but would not disclose the name of the buyer nor the plan for the buildings.
“They would have preferred not to be in this situation, but an opportunity has come up,” Ross said.
Residents covered by Section 8 have received emergency vouchers to relocate. SBG has given tenants options to rent where they have vacancies in other buildings, though some are farther away and more expensive.
City records show neither Admiral Court Realty Company nor Dorsett Court Realty Company have had a rental license since 2015. The owner is also missing certificates of rental suitability, documents typically needed to formally evict tenants. (The owners have not filed any evictions with the city.)
The apartment also has repeated L&I violations. In October 2017 a fire at Dorsett Court tipped the city off to issues inside, including inoperable fire alarms, rats and mold.
Affordable housing in the area is scarce, given the influx in high rise, luxury apartments including the former West Philadelphia High School building and two Post Brothers developments: Garden Court apartments at 47th and Pine, and the Apple Lofts at 52nd and Baltimore. Some of the Victorian single-family houses along Locust Street have also been converted into multifamily homes.
“There's a lot of demand for high quality housing in that neighborhood,” said Matthew Pestronk, cofounder of Post Brothers. “As other parts of the city are becoming really expensive, developers are going there and doing decent housing, people want to rent there. It's got a lot going for it.”
There could be another reason for the timing of the sale. The apartments were renovated about 15 years ago with low-income-housing tax credits (LIHTC) that expired at Admiral Court in December and will expire at Dorsett Court in 2019.
A property owner receiving the tax credits must rent to low-income people. When the tax credit expires, so does the obligation to rent to low-income tenants. Philadelphia has about 14,500 units of affordable housing with these tax credits due to expire by 2023, said Andrew Frishkoff, whose organization, Philadelphia LISC, is researching this issue.
“We do see this happening around the city,” Frishkoff said. “We see properties are in markets that have been appreciating and whoever the new buyer is thinks they can do better with market rate.”
Juanita Rodriguez is one of the tenants who worry what comes next. They fear having to travel farther for their dialysis, now only a few blocks away. Jeffrey Barnes, who grew up in the neighborhood, doesn't have the money to move and expects whatever happens he'll be leaving most of their belongings behind.
For Gamby, who works at a phlebotomist at a Center City lab, the $725 a month apartment is the best they can afford in a neighborhood they don't want to leave. Two of their kids go to Henry C. Lea Elementary School next door. Gamby could pay up to $900 a month but can't find three bedrooms in that price range. They said SBG has offered them a 2-bedroom in Germantown that is about double their current rent.
They keep the place tidy and recently repainted.
“My kids know something's going on,” Gamby said. “They're like, ‘Mommy are we poor?' I'm like, ‘Honey we've never been rich but we're gonna be OK.' And I just try to believe that.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
March 19 (UPI) -- South Korean boy band Wanna One returned with new music Monday.
The K-pop group released the EP 0+1=1 (I Promise You) and an energetic music video for the single "Boomerang."
The "Boomerang" video shows Yoon Ji-sung, Ha Sung-woon, Hwang Min-hyun, Ong Seong-wu, Kim Jae-hwan, Daniel Kang, Park Ji-hoon, Park Woo-jin, Bae Jin-young, Lee Dae-hwi and Lai Kuan-Lin wearing all-black studded ensembles as they perform choreographed dance numbers.
"Wanna One I 'BOOMERANG' M/V The beginning of the golden age! Wanna One 2nd Mini Album '0+1=1 (I PROMISE YOU),'" the boy band announced on Twitter.
Wanna One said at a press conference Monday in Seoul that it hopes to make 2018 its "golden age," according to The Korea Herald.
"Fans would be able to see different sides of us on the new album. We got more powerful and mature," Kang said.
Wanna One was previously known for its mellow and youthful image. The group released the EP 1-1=0 (Nothing Without You) in November, which was a re-release of its EP 1x1=1 (To Be One).
Former UEFA President Michel Platini has claimed they will not face any criminal charges related to the alleged "disloyal payment" which led to them being banned from football.
Platini was initially given an eight-year suspension for the payment of CHF2 million (£1.5 million/$2 million/€1.8 million) made to them by former FIFA President Sepp Blatter.
The sanction was later reduced to four years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
FIFA's Ethics Committee had sanctioned both Platini and Blatter over the payment, which was made when the latter sought re-election as President in 2011.
Ethics judges ruled that Blatter broke rules on conflict of interest, breach of loyalty and offering gifts, while Platini breached regulations on conflict of interest and loyalty.
The payment was part of a criminal investigation by Swiss prosecutors who were looking into various corruption allegations within world football's governing body.
Both men have denied any wrongdoing and said the money was for work Platini carried out for FIFA between 1998 and 2002, when they served as a technical adviser to Blatter.
However, the Frenchman did not receive their money until 2011 and question marks were raised over the time delay.
Platini has now claimed to have been told by Swiss prosecutors that they will not be charged with any offence.
It has led to the Frenchman suggesting their ban from football be "reviewed", while they have also pledged to return to the game in the future.
Michel Platini's hopes of becoming FIFA President were ended by their four-year ban ©Getty Images
"After (three) years of investigation, the Public Ministry of the (Swiss) Confederation has just restored the truth by officially confirming that no charge has been at any time or will be in the future held against me in connection with my activities for FIFA," Platini stated, according to Reuters.
"This official information from an authority of justice attests definitely of my innocence.
"These years were difficult and painful.
"My honour and integrity have been tarnished.
"I was robbed for three years of professional life.
"I will come back: where, when, how?
"It is too early to tell, but I will come back to football."
Swiss prosecutors have claimed that while they have not uncovered any evidence to take action against Platini, the investigation has not been completely concluded.
Platini, whose hopes of becoming FIFA President were ended by their ban from the sport, has called upon football's governing body to lift their sanction.
insidethegames has asked FIFA for a response.
Lane hoggers, tail-gaters and frequent lane-changers are among the most annoying bugbears for motorists, according to new research.
Nine in ten drivers get annoyed by others, with tailgating being the most popular annoyance winding up over three quarters of Brits.
The detailed report - which lists 50 driving habits most unpopular with the UK's easily-annoyed motorists - also listed road users cutting in at the last minute, those who pull out of a junction too slowly and failing to stop for a red light also infuriate drivers.
Unsurprisingly, nearly two thirds of those polled admitted their own driving can be affected by irritants on the road, and at times they don't drive as safely as they should themselves when trying to avoid other annoying drivers.
David Carter from Accident Advice Helpline, who commissioned the study, said: “It's understandable for motorists to get frustrated but we are all guilty of causing danger to other road users when driving.
“It's important to not let your emotions get the better of you when other motorists are driving dangerously, as this won't always end well.”
Drivers who ‘rev' at traffic lights, those who are slow to pull out and taking too long to park are among the top 50 bugbears.
‘Rubberneckers' who slow down traffic to inspect accidents annoy three in ten Brits, while four in ten get irritated by those who skip red lights and those who don't stop at zebra crossings.
Middle lane hogs
And 54 per cent of drivers feels annoyed by others who insist on hogging the middle lane.
But it's not just other motorists causing problems, with roadworks, speed traps and cyclists using the road instead of the purpose-built cycle lanes infuriating drivers.
For some it's what's going on inside the car, with passengers and their terrible music taste getting hold of the radio annoying motorists.
Of the average eight hours a week spent driving, nearly a fifth of this time is spent getting annoyed by fellow road users.
And 57 per cent said they get distracted by the poor decisions made by others.
Three in ten find they won't drive as safely because of the behaviour of other motorists, which is resulting in six in ten having a ‘near' miss or accident because of another driver.
And eight per cent admit the same applies as a result of their own poor driving decisions.
David Carter added: “We deal with the aftermath of accidents and know first-hand the devastating effects that car accidents can have on people's lives. If drivers are getting irritated on the road there's a chance that this can cause an accident which can alter people's lives.”
Top 50 driving irritations
1. Tailgating
2. Drivers who don't signal
3. People texting and driving
4. Drivers who leave their full beam on
5. Parking over two spaces
6. Lane hoggers
7. Slow drivers
8. Drivers who don't say thank you
9. Drivers who use the empty lane to get to the front of a queue of traffic and cut in last minute
10. People who go through red lights
11. Cyclists who go through red lights
12. Fast drivers
13. Parking on an angle so you can't possible park next to them
14. Traffic jams
15. Drivers who don't stop at zebra crossings
16. Road works
17. People who fly past you when one lane is shut and try and squeeze in half a mile ahead of you when you've been patiently waiting in the queue
18. When lorries overtake other lorries and cause a massive tailback
19. Cyclists who ride on the road when there are purpose built cycle lanes right nearby
20. Drivers who undertake
21. People who sit in the far right lane when they aren't overtaking
22. Breaking suddenly
23. Lane-changers
24. Sunday drivers
25. Rubber neckers/slowing down traffic to look at an accident
26. Drivers who don't wear seatbelts
27. Hidden speed cameras
28. Getting trapped behind a bus/tractor
29. Drivers of white vans who think they're Lewis Hamilton and do 100mph in the fast lane
30. Drivers who never let anyone out
31. People who change their speed really erratically
32. When you catch all the red lights
33. Drivers who refuse to overtake something slow like a cyclist or horse
34. Hesitant drivers who won't pull out of a turning even though you have flashed your lights eight times and waved them out three times
35. Speed traps
36. Drivers with loud music and the windows down
37. People who have their fog lights on - in the summer
38. Drivers who leave their indicators on
39. Average speed cameras
40. 50mph signs on the motorway
41. Dithering at junctions
42. Drivers who beep
43. Drivers who stop to let cars through despite there being plenty of room
44. People who pull away really slowly
45. Drivers who ‘rev' at traffic lights
46. Drivers who keep stopping to let people out
47. People who drive at 60mph in the middle lane and get the hump when you undertake them at 70mph in the slow lane
48. People who turn into roads really slowly
49. Drivers who take too long to park
50. When you change lane in traffic because the other lane is going quicker - and the lane you change into stops dead
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
AUSTRALIAN NBA stars Matthew Dellavedova and Thon Maker will spearhead a powerful 12-man Boomers squad for the upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Japan and Philippines.
Victorian Dellavedova and Sudanese-born West Australian Maker join Mitch McCarron, who returns from a stint in Europe, and nine other NBL-based Boomers for the June-July fixtures.
Boomers coach Andrej Lemanis confirmed Dellavedova and debutant Maker could be used without any restrictions on minutes.
SORE: BROKEN BAYNES REVEALS PLAYOFF PAIN
NBA FINALS: LEBRON'S QUEST FOR GOAT STATUS
COACH: 76ERS EXTEND BRETT BROWN CONTRACT
The Boomers, including the Milwaukee Bucks duo, will meet in Melbourne on July 21 to ramp up preparations ahead of the June 29 and July 2 internationals.
“It will be interesting to see how those two combine with the rest of the squad in a short amount of time to try, and get the synergies you need to be a successful team,” Lemanis told the Herald Sun.
“Delly's obviously an experienced international campaigner for the Boomers and it will be nice just to have leadership and carrying of culture within the group.
Camera Icon Thon Maker drives to the basket. Picture: Getty Images
“It's really exciting for them (Thon) to have that Boomers taste for the first time and to understand what it means to be a Boomer.
“I have every confidence that they will fit into the Boomers culture and help us be better.”
Australia booked its place in the second round of World Cup qualification going through the first two windows undefeated (4-0), beating Japan, Philippines and Chinese Taipei.
“For the guys who have carried the load through the first two windows, it will be a great experience for them to play with both Delly and Thon,” Lemanis said.
Camera Icon Aussie NBA star Matthew Dellavedova. Picture: AFP
Like Melbourne NBA superstar Ben Simmons and Dante Exum, prodigiously talented Maker, the 10th overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft, has always longed to play for the Boomers.
While thrilled to have Dellavedova and Maker in green and gold, Lemanis said the Boomers must be mindful of players' loads ahead of the 2019 World Cup and 2020 Olympics.
“We've had players in the NBA (before) but now we have players that play significant roles in the NBA and carry a lot of minutes,” Lemanis said.
“That's hard on the body, sometimes the heart may be willing the body itself doesn't allow you to do everything you want to do and players need to be smart.”
BOOMERS SQUAD: Angus Bradt (Perth), Jason Cadee (Brisbane), Matthew Dellavedova (Milwaukee), Cameron Gliddon (Brisbane), Chris Goulding (Melbourne), Nick Kay (Perth), Daniel Kickert (Sydney), Kevin Lisch (Sydney), Mitch McCarron (Olimpija Ljublijana, Slovenia), Thon Maker (Milwaukee), Nathan Sobey (Adelaide), Jesse Wagstaff (Perth).
TVS SRICHAKRA, one of India's largest manufacturers & exporters of Two & Three-wheeler tyres and Off-Highway Tyres is displaying a select range of products at THE TIRE COLOGNE that commenced from 29th May and will go on till 1st June in Cologne, Germany.
With its long-standing association with prestigious trade shows across the world, TVS SRICHAKRA will again look to leverage its expertise on a global platform. The company will be displaying its diverse product portfolio that includes Off-Highway tyres sold under the brand name ‘TVS EUROGRIP'.
Speaking on the participation at THE TIRE, Mr. P. Vijayaraghavan, Director, TVS SRICHAKRA LTD., said, “We are delighted to be a part of the first edition of THE TIRE COLOGNE. The show will help us to reach out to a larger audience and showcase our product range. By participating in such a prestigious fair, we also aim to effectively maximize our visibility and further strengthen our presence in the global market.”
THE TIRE COLOGNE, a newly established trade show is expected to be held once in two years. Around 600 exhibitors and brands from more than 40 countries are expected to be part of the show for four days. Leading manufacturers, wholesalers and suppliers will display a vast array of products and services focusing on trends and innovations that will drive the industry in the future. The expo will be covering about 70,000 sq. meters in its first edition this year.
The House Appropriations committee began the process of deciding how to wrestle with the state's budget on Monday morning. The initial thought was to pass out the rest of the budget, save the portion for K-12, but to do so Tuesday after hearing more about the latest cost study in the joint K-12 budget committee meeting Monday afternoon.
“The process for the budget is going to work very similar to the way it was last year,” said Appropriations Chairman Republican Troy Waymaster. “We extracted K-12 education finance and it was its own separate bill, as far as appropriating money for K-12 education. We then worked on the other budget items for the State of Kansas and then the two basically came together at the end.”
There was some discussion as to whether to put some sort of placeholder number in for K-12, whether that be what was originally appropriated last year or something else, but it seemed to be the will of the committee that some portion of the budget would be set this week.
“What are our priorities in the state?” asked Republican Erin Davis, “Clearly, K-12 is a priority. It takes up more than 50 percent of our budget and it always has, but there are also other very large needs that have been underfunded and you guys have spent the last 3 months hearing about those. That's the crux of the issue that sits before us today just like it was last year. That's what precipitated the tax increase that those of us in my shoes were forced to make, because I saw that there were critical needs of the state that absent more money, we were not going to be able to fund.”
As Davis saw it Monday, there are really only two choices.
“What are we willing to cut in order to fund K-12 adequately, according to the Court?” asked Davis. “That's a very difficult question. I don't know if this body has the willingness to raise taxes again, but it's an interesting discussion to have, especially given the difficulty of getting the 84 votes to pass last year's tax bill.”
The committee plans to have further budget discussion Tuesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MERRIAM, Kan. -- Police say a parent playing with children in a Kansas park found a quart-sized mason jar of marijuana, a loaded gun and a scale while looking for a lost ball.
"I called it the marijuana dealer's starter kit," Merriam Police Capt. Troy Duvanel said. "Because you've got everything. You've got your scale here for weighing out the product, cellphone for communicating with your clients, obviously your product, and your protection."
Police say the adult found the weapon and contraband on Memorial Day at Campbell Park in Merriam, according to investigators. The gun was a loaded 9 mm Beretta, caked with dirt.
"It could have ended badly if a kid or someone had found it," Duvanel said.
They said, judging by the all dirt on the loaded gun, it could have been in the park for weeks. They warned the public not to touch any found weapons.
"Just call the police and let us deal with it because you don't know the condition of it," they said.
The findings worry Sandy Paida, who lives next to Campbell Park. They had a picnic there with their 9-year-old granddaughter Tuesday.
"That's very scary," Paida said. "I don't let the kids come down here by themselves. I'm always with them, but still, they're down here and they're walking around. Anybody could have found it."
Paida said everything about the abandoned "starter pack" was strange.
"My concern is why was it left here? If somebody pulled up and scared them and they just threw it and ran? Which way did they run?" Paida said.
Those are all questions Merriam police don't have the answers to yet.
"If somebody had to leave it for an emergency, if somebody consumed too much of their own product and forgot where they placed it, it's difficult to say," Duvanel said.
Merriam police said once they send everything to forensics for prints and DNA testing, there's a good chance they'll find who it belonged to. They haven't turned the phone on yet, but when they find the person who left behind the drugs, scale, phone and gun, they or they will likely be arrested for possession with intent to distribute.
ARLINGTON, Kan. — Russell Eugene ‘Russ' Day, 70, died Wednesday, August 9, 2017, at Hutchinson Regional Medical Center. They were born January 6, 1947, in Hutchinson, the son of Gene and Edith (Mitchell) Day. Russ grew up on a farm at Langdon, where they learned to love farming, dairy cattle and other farm animals. They attended Langdon Grade School and graduated from Fairfield High School in 1965, where they played football and basketball. Russ attended Kansas State University.
They were active in 4-H growing up, where they raised dairy cattle and sheep as projects, and participated in leadership activities and dairy judging contests. Russ was a member of the Reno County Dairy Judging Team that represented Kansas in the National Judging contest in Iowa, and later coached for the County 4-H judging team, which also went to the national contest.
On August 23, 1968, they married Elizabeth Ann Frank in McPherson. They shared nearly 49 years of marriage.
Russ helped their parents farm and later farmed for a few years himself, and then worked for Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company for nearly 40 years.
They moved to Arlington a few years before retirement and served on the City Council, was active in civic activities, and served as Santa at the Christmas Celebration.
Russ was a member of DDR, a unique organization devoted to the preservation of America's great western heritage.
The family, friends, community, and others will greatly miss their helping hand.
Russ is survived by: their wife, Ann, of the home; daughters, Brenda Milner of Kansas City, MO, and Robin Fitzgerald of Ocean Springs, MS; grandchildren, James Lee Rue Jr., Ryan Oxley, Amanda Oxley, Leah Milner, Trevor Milner; seven great-grandchildren; sister, Peggy Wiard of Arlington; sister-in-law, Nicki Saunders of Partridge; uncle, Kenneth Day; and numerous cousins and nieces.
They were preceded in death by their parents and son, Peter Eugene.
Funeral service will be 10 a.m. Tuesday, August 15, 2017, at Elliott Chapel, Hutchinson, with Pastor Keith Dellenbach officiating. Burial will follow in Abbyville Cemetery. Friends may call from 1 p.m. to 8 p.m. Sunday, and from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday, with the family present to receive friends from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. Monday at Elliott Mortuary. Russ was most comfortable in overalls, so if you have them, please feel free to wear them to their service as an honor to him. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Arlington Community Center, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Gloucester's most notable inventors has been celebrated in the Google Doodle, to mark their 147th birthday.
Hubert Cecil Booth, inventor of the vacuum cleaner, has been immortalised by the search engine in their Doodle for July 4, 2018.
Booth was born in Gloucester on July 4, 1871, to a wealthy timber merchant and was raised in the family home in St Michael's Square.
They were educated at Hempsted Court School and Gloucester Theological College before becoming student at the City and Guilds Central Technical College in London.
(Image: Google)
The inventor, who lived in Gloucester Park as an adult, went on to invent the vacuum cleaner in 1901 and created The Vacuum Cleaner Company Ltd.
The prototype of the machine was made by Gloucester firm Fielding and Plat and the first building to be cleaned was in St Catherine's Vicarage, in Heathville Road, Gloucester.
The vacuums went on sale for £350 which is around £25,000 today.
The Doodle is being shown around the world in countries such as Argentina, France, India, Peru and Bulgaria.
Ministry of Public Health commits to enhance and improve the blood service
DPI/GINA, GUYANA, Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
The Ministry of Public Health will continue to work diligently to enhance and improve the quality of service offered at the National Blood Transfusion Service (NBTS).
This was highlighted on Wednesday by the Minister within the Ministry of Public Health Dr. Karen Cummings during the “World Blood Donor Day” award ceremony held at the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC).
In their feature address, Minister Cummings explained that over the years with the use of modern technology, NBTS has improved its capacity through screening and preparing blood and blood products.
They noted that the Ministry recently received support from the Government of Argentina towards improving the NBTS's staff knowledge, skills and efficiency through training from a capacity building programme.
The Minister said that, “blood donations are an essential and vital component of the public healthcare system since it is relied on to carry out life-saving surgical interventions”.
Minister Cummings stressed that donating blood helps to reduce the risk of
cancer which preserves cardiovascular health and also helps in losing weight. They noted that donors will also benefit from free health screening since the blood sample will be tested for various diseases.
The Minister highlighted that the World Blood Donor Day theme, “What can you do? Give Blood. Give Now. Give Often” is a strong call for persons to commit to donating blood and to do so frequently. The NBTS recorded over 10,000 units of donated blood for 2017.
Pan American Health Organization/ World Health Organization (PAHO/WHO) representative Dr. William Adu-Krow said that blood is an important resource that can help to treat accident emergency patients. They noted that recipients from blood donation need to speak about their experience with the hopes that their experience will encourage more persons to donate blood.
The PAHO/WHO representative said that during 2008-2012, 80 per cent of maternal deaths were due to hemorrhage, which could have been avoided.
World Blood Donor Day (WBDD) was established in 2004 and serves to raise awareness of the need for safe blood and blood products and to thank blood donors for their life-saving gifts of blood.
By: Neola Damon
Chinese health delegation meets with Minister Lawrence – discusses possible establishment of research facilities
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Mayor of the Jiangsu province of the People's Republic of China, Their Worship Yuanzheng Huang paid a courtesy visit to the Minister of Public Health, Volda Lawrence on Monday, December 11.
Minister Lawrence and Mayor Huang exchanged views on their respective public health sectors and discussed ways of advancing health care locally. The Minister also took the opportunity to seek ways of developing the use of traditional medicine in Guyana.
“We are looking forward to building cooperation with the People's Republic of China to have a research lab here; where we can share in the research of various plants and animals within the Amazon Basin here in Guyana. So, we can better serve not only the People's Republic of China and Guyana but, the world at large”, the minister explained.
Minister Lawrence noted there is considerable interest in traditional medicine and alluded to its significant contribution in the delivery of health services in China. “We here in Guyana, we have a lot of traditional medicine around and we have not been able to capture that in the medical services within the government structure, and perhaps that is one of the areas of cooperation, going forward.”
Noting that China has been the trailblazer in advancing medicine and healthcare internationally, the minister said this opportunity to strengthen ties between the two countries will foster “new methods, new methodologies and new medicines in how we treat with diseases” in Guyana.
Meanwhile, Mayor Huang said that they were made aware of the Green Development Strategy that Guyana will embark on and stated that China would be playing a role in this regard.
They further stated that as mayor for the Jiangsu province, they oversee the improvement of people's livelihoods and social security. This shows the level of commitment of the Chinese government to people. This has since filtered down to countries such as Guyana which has benefitted tremendously from contributions.
Mayor Huang was accompanied by a delegation of Chinese medical officials including Presidents of the First and Second Hospital of the Jiangsu province and representatives of the Chinese medical brigade in Guyana.
By: Delicia Haynes
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
The Iran nuclear deal will be one of the big items on the agenda Tuesday during French President Emmanuel Macron's visit with President Trump. Macron wants the U.S. to stick with the deal, but President Trump has been a harsh critic of the agreement.
Here & Now‘s Eric Westervelt (@Ericnpr) speaks with MSNBC's Ali Velshi (@AliVelshi), co-host of “Velshi & Ruhle.”
Ray Turnbull, a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba's 1965 Brier championship team, has died. They were 78.
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre.
Born in Huntsville, Ont., Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba. They served as the lead for Terry Braunstein's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men's championship in Perth, Scotland, later that year.
Turnbull became a successful analyst after their career and was part of TSN's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010.
TOKYO (Sputnik) — For the first time the Japanese government is considering the possibility of deploying the Self-Defense Forces in case of a fall of a North Korean missile in the country's territorial waters, local media reported on Tuesday.
The laws adopted on March 29, 2016, divided security threats into three categories: the possibility of military aggression, obvious threat of military aggression and military aggression.
The government wants to recognize fall of a foreign missile in its territorial waters as an obvious threat of military aggression, which allows deployment of troops, the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper reported.
Unions must fight for affordable housing or wage hikes won't help
By JONATHAN ROSENBLUM
SEATTLE (June 14, 2017) — When New York City fast food workers first hoisted the $15 minimum wage banner in late 2012, quite a few pundits called the demand absurdly ambitious. But thanks to worker walkouts, demonstrations, marches, and lobbying during the last 4½ years, more than 17 million low-wage workers in the U.S. have won pay increases, and 10 million of those will see their hourly pay rise to $15 in the next few years.
Here in Seattle, the minimum wage for most workers has risen from $9.32/hour in 2014 to $13/hour today, and it'll go to $15 in 2019. (Although many tipped workers won't see $15 until 2021.) If you work full time, that's worth $638/month in additional income today compared to 2014.
So why isn't everyone celebrating?
The short answer is that landlords pocketed most of the pay raise.
The expense side of your budget matters as much as income. And the harsh reality is that since 2014, while minimum pay rose under the new law, the average apartment rent shot up $519/month, to nearly $2,200/month.
In other words, 81 cents of every new dollar earned by a typical minimum-wage worker has gone to pay for rent hikes.
Two years ago, city officials noted that it would take two wage earners, both working full-time at $15/hour, to rent the average one-bedroom apartment and be able to afford other basic living expenses. Today those same workers would need to each be paid $19.84/hour to afford the same apartment.
And forget about buying a home: Since 2014, Seattle median home prices have soared from an outrageous $450,000 to a stratospheric $729,000 today.
As inspiring and transformative as the Fight for $15 has been, it's wholly inadequate for our needs. Yes, we must continue to fight for higher pay, at union-management bargaining tables, in city council, on the picket line, and in the streets. But a pay raise is no good if the landlord takes it from you. With equal vigor, unions and allies need to fight to expand housing options and to lower the cost of housing so that Seattle can become affordable to workers in the coming years.
Mayor Ed Murray's 2015 deal with developers and housing advocates — grandiosely called the “Housing Affordability and Livability Agenda (HALA) Grand Bargain” — would build, optimistically speaking, 20,000 new units of affordable housing in the next decade.
That's a start, certainly, but like the wage gains, 20,000 new housing units are far short of what working people need. Today more than 100,000 Seattle households are considered “cost-burdened” – paying more than 30% of their income on housing.
Many are paying more than 50 percent of their income, an absurd amount, on housing. More than 8,000 city residents are homeless. Seattle's population is expected to grow by 120,000 over the next 20 years and most of this growth, at least in the near term, will be low-income households.
However, don't blame mom-and-pop landlords for the rent catastrophe. Increasingly, rental rates are being driven by global real estate profiteers like Starwood Capital Group, Blackstone, and Harrison Street Real Estate, who collectively are on a multi-billion-dollar buying spree in the Seattle housing market.
You can be sure that these corporate executives will continue to insist that “the market” — in other words, they themselves — remain in control of setting rents. The other certainty is that private landlords and developers have zero interest in building the tens of thousands of affordable apartments and houses that Seattle's working people need. Affordable housing is less profitable for them.
The solution for unions and other social justice organizations – tenant and housing groups, immigrants and communities of color, faith groups, the LGBT community, climate justice and transit activists – must be to demand a massive investment in affordable housing that is built, owned, and operated by the city. Public ownership means public control of rents, protected from the corporate profiteers.
Because a dollar saved in rent is as important as a dollar won in better wages, unions should pursue a massive public housing investment program with the same fervor and focus that they fight to improve pay and job benefits. Some unions and allies, like Puget Sound Sage, have taken important initial steps — but a lot more needs to be done. Public housing investment, done in partnership with building trades unions, will double as a jobs program, ensuring fair wages and job protections, along with apprenticeship opportunities for local residents, especially women, people of color and immigrants.
How much more housing should we demand? For starters, take the HALA goal and triple it. At least.
At current construction costs, it would take more than $8 billion to fund another 40,000 publicly-controlled homes on top of HALA's goal. That may sound extravagant; it's more than the city's entire annual budget. But the wealth exists in Seattle to pay for this needed housing investment. Tens of thousands of millionaires call the area home, and just four individuals in our midst today — Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, Steve Ballmer, and Paul Allen — are worth more than $227 billion. Less than 4 percent of the wealth of these 4 individuals could pay for the entire cost of an affordable housing building boom.
What's lacking isn't resources, but political will to have these billionaires and their multimillionaire cousins pay their fair share for the community's well-being.
It's understandable that more than a few people will dismiss this bold idea as pure quackery, politically unrealistic. Fine. That's exactly what the pundits said, just a few years ago, about a $15 minimum wage.
Like the wage fight, a massive public housing program funded by taxing the rich won't just happen on its own. We will have to build a huge movement to demand city action. But as Seattle continues to grow, time grows more urgent. Our rent and mortgage bills remind us monthly that our fight can't stop at $15.
Jonathan Rosenblum is a union and community organizer living in Seattle, and a member of the National Writers Union (Auto Workers Local 1981).  They are the author of Beyond $15: Immigrant Workers, Faith Activists, and the Revival of the Labor Movement, published by Beacon Press. More about them can be found at www.jonathanrosenblum.org.
This article originally appeared in the South Seattle Emerald. It is crossposted here with the author's permission.
DETROIT (AP) – Foster Loyer, a High School Senior from Clarkston, was awarded the 2018 Hal Schram Mr. Basketball award by the Basketball Association of Michigan, getting twice as many first-place votes as any other candidate.
Loyer, a 6-foot point guard, has signed with Michigan State. They will join a backcourt with 2016 Mr. Basketball winner Cassius Winston.
East Lansing's Brandon Johns and David DeJulius of Detroit East English's Village were second and third in the voting. Johns and DeJulius have signed with Michigan.
Loyer is averaging 27 points, seven assists, four rebounds and three steals for Clarkston, which will face Flint Carman-Ainsworth in the state quarterfinals on Tuesday.
WASHINGTON -- Girls diagnosed with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of menstrual irregularities, according to a new study published in the Endocrine Society's Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism.
Menstrual irregularities can have a variety of causes, including pregnancy, hormonal imbalances, infections, diseases, trauma and certain medications. Adult women with obesity are known to be at risk for menstrual disorders like polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which can lead to the development of diabetes or other metabolic problems. However, little is known about the reproductive function in girls with youth-onset type 2 diabetes.
"It's important for girls with type 2 diabetes to be assessed for menstrual problems," said the study's main author, Megan Kelsey, M.D., M.S., of University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colo. "Infrequent periods can be associated with heavy and painful periods, increased risk for fatty liver disease, fertility problems and long-term increased risk for endometrial cancer."
The researchers performed a secondary analysis of the data from the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Youth (TODAY) study, a nationwide research study to find the best way to treat young people with type 2 diabetes. The new analysis focused on evaluating the frequency of menstrual irregularity in girls with recently diagnosed diabetes and whether the addition of intensive lifestyle or rosiglitazone to previous treatment with metformin helped to improve symptoms. These treatments are often used to treat both diabetes and PCOS.
The researchers found that more than 20 percent of girls in the TODAY study had irregular periods. Many of those girls also had high testosterone levels, pointing to PCOS as an underlying cause. Not all the TODAY girls with irregular periods had elevated testosterone, suggesting other causes for menstrual dysfunction. Despite two years of intensive treatment with either metformin alone, metformin and lifestyle changes, or metformin and rosiglitazone, the participants still had significantly irregular periods.
"Our findings suggest that girls with youth-onset diabetes may need the additional intervention above and beyond their diabetes treatment to improve their menstrual health," Kelsey said.
###
Other authors of the study include: Barbara Braffett of the Biostatistics Center of George Washington University in Rockville, Md.; Mitchell Geffner of Children's Hospital Los Angeles and Keck School of Medicine of USC in Los Angeles, Calif.; Lynne Levitsky of Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School in Boston, Mass.; Sonia Caprio of Yale School of Medicine in New Haven, Conn.; Siripoom McKay of Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children's Hospital in Houston, Texas; Rachana Shah of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in Philadelphia, Pa.; Jennifer Sprague of Washington University in St. Louis, Mo.; and Silva Arslanian of University of Pittsburgh and Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC in Pittsburgh, Pa., for the TODAY Study Group.
The study was supported by research grants from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease.
The study, "Menstrual Dysfunction in Girls from the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) Study," will be published online, ahead of print.
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
(ABC NEWS)-Tina Turner's eldest son, Craig Turner, has died, ABC News confirmed.
The Los Angeles County Coroner's Office confirmed to ABC News that Craig Turner was pronounced dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound at 12:38 p.m. PT on Tuesday at their home in Studio City, California.
They were 59 years old.
Craig Turner was Tina Turner's only child with Kings of Rhythm saxophonist Raymond Hill. They were later adopted by the 78-year-old singer's first husband, Ike Turner.
A representative for Tina Turner did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Rachel Duke, NP, CANS, of Dermlounge at the new Richmond Aesthetic Surgery is the first aesthetic nurse specialist in Virginia. Rachel explains the products and procedures available to patients who want to look their best. Rachel and the entire aesthetic enhancement team at Dermlounge strive to offer the highest standards of safety and care using only the latest techniques and treatment options available. For more information you can visit https://www.dermlounge.com/ or https://www.facebook.com/Dermlounge/
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY Dermlounge at Richmond Aesthetic Surgery}
SYRACUSE, N.Y. – It goes without saying that when you order something custom-made, you expect to receive exactly what you imagine.
However, for Malexa Maeweather, an 18-year-old from Syracuse, New York, a made-to-order prom dress had some unexpected and disastrous results.
According to Seventeen Magazines, Maeweather reached out to a local designer, Kia Wagner, in the hopes that they could create a one-of-a-kind prom dress. Instead, they said they got an absolute dress fail. Even worse, Maeweather didn't get to see the dress until the night before prom.
Maeweather told WGN, “I was so upset and very aggravated. I didn't know what I was going to do.”
It wasn't just Maeweather who was disappointed with the results of the dress. In fact, Maeweather's mother, Dee Lewis, told Seventeen that Wagner never updated their daughter on the progress of the dress, which left the teen in tears when it finally arrived. Having already put down a $100 downpayment for the dress priced at $300, Lewis took to Facebook to express them discontent.
“So Kia Wagner called my daughter Malexa Maeweather THE NIGHT before prom to pick up their dress which they charge $300 for. Are you serious…was I wrong for wanting my DEPOSIT BACK.”
In response to Lewis, Wagner also posted on Facebook stating, “the reason [Lewis] will not get their $100 deposit back is because I was simply following the instructions they agreed and decided to they had a variety of fabric selections to choose from and as well as several of fittings where i asked them numerous of times if this was the look they were going for…”
Nevertheless, with help from their mother and close friends, Maeweather was able to find and purchase a new dress to salvage their prom day.
More Canadian drivers than you think are getting busy behind the wheel, according to a new survey released Monday.
A report commissioned by Belair Direct found that 14 per cent of drivers “have engaged in romantic activities,” while three per cent have flossed behind the wheel.
It wasn't just extracurriculars that got Canadians in trouble: three out every 10 drivers admitted to running a red light and disobeying road signs.
Money proved to be just the incentive that drivers needed to fix up their habits. Four-fifths of drivers said they were willing to at least one bad habit if they knew they'd get paid for it. In B.C., that number went up significantly; 96 per cent of the province's drivers were willing to give up a bad habit in exchange for some cash.
On the more wholesome end of the scale, Canucks had some good habits too. Just over half of Canadians sing while driving and 96 per cent wouldn't steal another driver's parking spot.
ATLANTA (AP) - Two Atlanta men have been sentenced for illegally buying and trafficking at least three dozen guns from Georgia to Trinidad and Tobago.
The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta says Errol Alfred, known as "Major," was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison. Kerry Fernandez, known as "Trini," was sentenced April 19 to two years and three months.
Both had previously pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to smuggle firearms out of the U.S.
Prosecutors say between August 2013 and September 2014, Alfred and Fernandez used straw buyers to buy guns. Alfred then hid the guns in shipping barrels to smuggle them to Trinidad, where they were sold.
A third man, Jordan Dunham, in April got six months in prison for illegally purchasing some of the guns the two men shipped.
MONTREAL — China's Ruoteng Xiao is the new men's all-around champion after winning gold on Thursday night at the gymnastics world championships.
Xiao finished with a score of 86.933 points, ahead of compatriot Chaopan Lin (86.448) and Kenzo Shirai (86.431) of Japan.
Canadian Zachary Clay finished 21st for their best result at a world championship. Their best performance was on pommel horse, where they scored 13.566 for ninth.
The women's all-around final is Friday night.
LOS ANGELES — Relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on the Los Angeles Dodgers' roster for their NL division series against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Outfielder Joc Pederson and utility player Tim Locastro didn't make the lineup announced by Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 at Dodger Stadium.
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado, adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann.
Baez was a target of derision for Dodgers fans while posting a 2.95 ERA this season. But after two dismal appearances in early September, they didn't allow a run while striking out seven in four scoreless appearances to end the season.
It wouldn't be an Amazon sales week without a Philips Sonicare electric toothbrush being sold for a bargain price. This Easter week, it's the turn of the Sonicare FlexCare Platinum electric toothbrush to be discounted.
You can grab one now for £60, instead of £240, saving you a huge £180.
With three intensity settings and three different cleaning modes, the FlexCare Platinum promises to remove 10 times more plaque than a manual toothbrush, giving you a Hollywood smile in no time at all.
Philips' AdaptiveClean brush head adjusts to the unique contours of your teeth and gums to alleviate pressure and keep your gums healthy, while a pressure sensor built into the brush itself will vibrate if you're showing your teeth a little too much cleaning love.
A built-in rechargeable battery with three week battery life and a supplied carry case make it the ideal travel companion. You get the FlexCare brush, one AdaptiveClean brush head, charging cable and carry case for your £60, with several other compatible brush heads being available to buy.
This deal only lasts for one day, so be quick to snap it up.
AN GHAELTACHT YOUNGSTER Brian Ó Beaglaoich comes straight into the Kerry team for Saturday night's mouthwatering tie against Mayo at Elverys MacHale Park.
Ó Beaglaoich's club were knocked out in the All-Ireland club intermediate semi-final by Moy last weekend, but the defender has immediately returned to county duty and replaces Cormac Coffey in the Kingdom defence.
Fellow An Ghaeltacht star Eanna O Conchuir has been added to the bench following their 1-3 haul for DCU in their recent Sigerson Cup win over Dundalk IT.
In the only other change for Eamonn Fitzmaurice's men, Jack Barry comes in for Brendan O'Sullivan at midfield.
Mayo have named an unchanged team from last weekend's victory over Monaghan in Clones. In the only positional switch, Stephen Coen swaps with Shane Nally.
Kerry
1. Shane Murphy (Dr. Crokes)
2. Brian Ó Beaglaoich (An Ghaeltacht)
3. Jason Foley (Ballydonoghue)
4. Shane Enright (Tarbert)
5. Paul Murphy (Rathmore)
6. Gavin Crowley (Templenoe)
7. Ronan Shanahan (Austin Stacks)
8. Jack Barry (Na Gaeil)
9. Barry O'Sullivan (Dingle)
10. Micheál Burns (Dr. Crokes)
11. Seán O'Shea (Kenmare)
12. Stephen O'Brien (Kenmare)
13. David Clifford (Fossa)
14. Paul Geaney (Dingle)
15. Barry John Keane (Kerins O'Rahillys)
Subs
16. Brian Kelly (Killarney Legion)
17. Brendan O'Sullivan (Valentia)
18. Cormac Coffey (Kerins O'Rahillys)
19. Jack Savage (Kerins O'Rahillys)
20. Dáithí Casey (Dr. Crokes)
21. Matthew Flaherty (Dingle)
22.Killian Spillane (Templenoe)
23. Brian Ó Seanacháin (Ballydonoghue)
24. Greg Horan (Austin Stacks)
25. Andrew Barry (Na Gaeil)
26. Éanna Ó Conchúir (An Ghaeltacht)
Mayo
1. David Clarke (Ballina Stephenites)
2. Brendan Harrison (Aghamore)
3. Ger Cafferkey (Ballina Stephenites)
4. Eoin O'Donoghue (Belmullet)
5. Colm Boyle (Davitts)
6. Stephen Coen (Hollymount/Carramore)
7. Paddy Durcan (Castlebar Mitchels)
8. Jason Gibbons (Ballintubber)
9. Shane Nally (Garrymore)
10. Kevin McLoughlin (Knockmore)
11. Aidan O'Shea (Breaffy)
12. Diarmuid O'Connor (Ballintubber)
13. Neil Douglas (Castlebar Mitchels)
14. Evan Regan (Ballina Stephenites)
15. Andy Moran (Ballaghaderreen)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Burlco man sentenced to 27 years in prison for stabbing death of stepfather
Burlco man sentenced to 27 years in prison for stabbing death of stepfather May 29
A 30-year-old man was in critical condition after being shot four times Wednesday afternoon in the city's Fern Rock section, police said.
The victim was outdoors when they were shot in the chest, stomach, left hip, and left leg just after 3:20 p.m. in the 1300 block of Chew Avenue, police said.
They were taken by medics to Einstein Medical Center. Police reported no arrest or motive.
New software targets most abundant fishing grounds and reduces catch of unwanted or protected species using satellite data, maps and observations
Worldwide, fishing fleets discard as many as two of every five sea creatures they catch. Now, a new tool can help fishers locate the most productive fishing spots while avoiding unwanted or protected species such as sea turtles and dolphins.
Called EcoCast, the experimental tool developed by researchers at Stanford and other universities combines satellite data of ocean conditions, records from fisheries observers and species tracking data to pinpoint ideal fishing areas on a daily basis. Resource managers can adjust the weighting of each species as risks change and the fishing season progresses. This helps fishers optimize their harvest of target fish, while reducing the risk of inadvertently catching and killing sensitive species.
The findings, published this week in Science Advances, show that this type of dynamic management tool and approach can be up to 10 times more efficient for protecting species than previous management styles.
"EcoCast is leading the way toward more dynamic management of marine resources," said coauthor Larry Crowder, the Edward Ricketts Provostial Professor of Marine Ecology and Conservation at Stanford's Hopkins Marine Station. "We're putting the information directly in the hands of the fishers and managers."
Fisheries managers currently protect species by creating static areas that fishers must avoid. However, these protected areas don't reflect the dynamic nature of life in the ocean, where protected fish and other creatures regularly migrate out of the no-fishing zones and into fishers' nets.
"Fishers will be willing to try this because they're always looking for ways to do things differently, and better," said Gary Burke, a drift gillnet fisherman in Southern California who collaborated on the research. "It's not going to be perfect, because it's a prediction, but it is giving us access to information we haven't had before."
Hooking others, too
EcoCast doesn't just provide fishers with better information. It also informs scientists, resource managers and researchers working with big data to advance more sustainable fisheries practices.
"By pioneering a way of evaluating both conservation objectives and economic profitability for sustainable U.S. fisheries, we're simultaneously advancing both conservation and economic objectives," said Elliott Hazen, study lead author and visiting scholar at the Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment.
The study builds on previous efforts to consider marine management approaches that recognize the dynamic nature of oceans, ocean resources and ocean users such as fishers. The use of dynamic environmental data to support dynamic ocean management provides an innovative approach to balance viable fisheries and protect the ecosystem. This type of modeling with risk zones also has implications for shipping lanes, as knowing the location of sensitive species could shift where boats travel.
"We've had to settle for static management in the past," Crowder said. "Now, we can consider this novel approach to address one of the most significant barriers to global fisheries sustainability."
###
Crowder is also co-director of Stanford's Osa & Golfito Initiative. Elliott Hazen is also a research ecologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Southwest Fisheries Science Center. Other co-authors are from the University of California, Santa Cruz; University of the Sunshine Coast; Old Dominion University; University of Maryland; Moss Landing Marine Lab; and San Diego State University.
Kanye West is back on Twitter. If you're a non-famous person who spends a lot of time on Twitter like I am, you should find comfort in the fact that the pop culture icon uses the website just like the rest of us: to announce new music projects, exciting collabs, write a book in real time and declare support of fringe/far right political thinkers.
Hmm, yeah, let's go into more detail about that last one. On Saturday, West sent the following Tweet:
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018
Candace Owens, the communications director for Turning Point USA (an organization that aims to fight liberal ideas among college students and young people) is a conservative commentator who frequently appears on Fox News and InfoWars. Owens views can be simplified as anti-Black Lives Matter and anti-political correctness.
West didn't explicitly expand on their support of Owens, but they did send a handful of vague tweets that could be interpreted as ideas in Owens' ideological orbit:
self victimization is a disease — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 22, 2018
On Monday, West tweeted a series of videos of "Dilbert" cartoonist Scott Adams talking about alt right ideas in front of a whiteboard that says "kanye candace owens".
For the most part, that's the extent of Yeezy's political tweets this week. But that was enough for those on the right to run away with their new ally, Kanye West.
Of course Candace Owens tweeted about him:
Tomorrow morning I am back on @foxandfriends at 9:20amET. We will be discussing my recent clash with Black Lives Matter protesters, plus, how Kanye broke the the internet with 7 words.
Tune in and tweet me live! — Candace Owens (@RealCandaceO) April 22, 2018
Katrina Pierson, spokesperson and senior advisor to President Trump, weighed in on the discussion:
From my personal experience, I bet there were a lot! 😂 👊🏽 https://t.co/NRcLjahKR5 — Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) April 23, 2018
Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk (remember this name, more in a little bit) chimed in support of both Owens and West:
Today @kanyewest had some incredible words to say about the amazing @RealCandaceO pic.twitter.com/5Ys6BaZkts — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) April 21, 2018
Yesterday Alex Jones invited Ye to go on InfoWars:
.@kanyewest I admire your bold moves against the thought police. And if you want to see these control-freak vampires really go crazy, please join me on my broadcast!👌 — Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) April 23, 2018
Meanwhile, on the left there were many jokes to be made:
Kanye morphed so quickly into their generation's Billy Corgan I didn't even have time to write a think piece about it — Jeremy Gordon (@jeremypgordon) April 23, 2018
Kanye is like what if the whole plane was made out of milkshake ducks — Molly Lambert (@mollylambert) April 22, 2018
New York City-based radio host Ebro, who was publicly critical of West's endorsement of Owens, recounted a phone conversation they shared with West about the tweets over the air:
[HOT 97 via Vulture]
"I was gonna tweet and give some context, but I felt, you know what, let me just take this heat right now and maybe people will understand when I put the music out," Ebro recalls West saying during what they say was a 30 minute conversation.
Maybe West truly does want to stir conversation around uncomfortable topics. But placing their new views in greater context of their political history reveals some room for some disappointment. Osita Nwanevu at Slate summed up West's heel turn in a concise way:
The episode is yet another example of how far we are through the looking glass: a man who criticized the then-sitting president by saying they “doesn't care” about black people on national television in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina is, in the topsy-turvy world of 2018, a cheerleader for a pundit who thinks black people ought to quit whining. This has been distressing to many of their fans.
[Slate]
And as Damon Young wrote on The Root's Very Smart Brothas blog, you can be disappointed about Kanye's new beliefs, but you probably shouldn't be surprised. For years, both in interviews and in their music, Kanye has gone on the record over and over to say they do not read books:
Their politics—including their support of Donald Trump—fit under the “I don't read shit” umbrella. He's conflating contrarianism with bravery and intellectualism... But if he'd actually pick up a book... he'd be aware of the danger of that type of contrarianism and aware that for people like Trump and Owens, their words aren't about free thinking. They're specifically and intentionally tethered to white resentment, which is also often tied to anti-intellectualism. They're actually the antithesis of free thought. They don't think. They incite.
[The Root]
Don't forget that Kanye and Trump have more than just contrarianism in common. Here's the two of them meeting in Trump Tower shortly after the 2016 election:
"We've been friends for a long time": Kanye West and President-elect Trump appear together at Trump Tower https://t.co/QoofBJzY1x pic.twitter.com/DK6z1P9LhG — CNN (@CNN) December 13, 2016
Just a few weeks before this, West was at a San Jose show signing official merchandise "TRUMP" instead of with their signature, according to the Daily Beast.
Why else — besides a good faith exchange of ideas — could Kanye be doing this? Well, they called into Ebro's radio show this morning and sounded like this:
Maybe he's just having fun. Maybe there's something bigger going on with them right now. Maybe we'll find out when their new music finally does come out. Maybe it's nothing at all.
Meanwhile, let's check in with the people at Turning Point USA like Charlie Kirk (I told you to remember him, remember?)
Here's Candace Owens' boss making light of a deadly van attack in Toronto in defense of gun rights:
Horrible car attack in Toronto
Maybe they should ban automobiles?
You can ban stuff all day, but you can't ban evil — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) April 24, 2018
Who your real friends Kanye?
Tuscola County – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made”, and it led to them winning $100,000.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
They bought their winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed their prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
They said they plan to use the money to pay down their mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once in a lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
About half the foreign born population, which has boomed to nearly 44 million, lives in urban counties across the United States where white Americans are now in the minority.
The latest data released by Pew Research Center reveals how the booming foreign-born population has largely situated itself in urban counties in the U.S. Foreign born residents have also steadily increased their share in suburbs, while they remain a small fraction of the population in rural America.
At the same time, urban counties across the U.S. have become increasingly more ethnically diverse. Today, white Americans are a minority in urban counties, making up only 44 percent of the total urban population.
The Hispanic population has grown tremendously, now far outpacing the black American population in urban America, making up about 27 percent of urban districts.
In rural America and in the suburbs, white Americans remain the majority. Rural counties in the U.S. are nearly 80 percent white, while suburbs are nearly 70 percent white.
Through mass legal immigration, the makeup of the U.S. population has not only boomed to historic highs but also rapidly changed the demographics of the nation. As Breitbart News has reported, the U.S. has imported more than ten million legal immigrants in the last decade.
The bus, carrying Dortmund players to a Champions League game against Monaco last Tuesday, was en route when three pipe bombs planted by the roadside were detonated, damaging the bus and injuring one player and a police officer.
© AP Photo/ Matthias Schrader Flushing Fascism: German Army Probes Soldiers for Online Right-Wing Extremism
According to a report by German media outlet Welt am Sonntag, the pipe bombs and their manufacture required a level of expertise and access contingent with military training.
"The explosives in the pipe bombs, which were filled with metal pins, might have come from the stocks of the German armed forces," it was reported, cited by Deutsche Welle.
Police and investigators in the country warn that similar attacks are possible, as the German Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA), while not confirming a specific threat, stated that all lines of inquiry were still on the table, according to DW.com.
As reported by Welt am Sonntag, large-scale cultural events, including music festivals and football games, are particularly at risk.
An anonymous email received by Berlin newspaper Tagesspiegel claimed that the Dortmund attack was a "final warning," and that another attack was planned in Cologne on April 22, a day set for a large-scale protest event against the right-wing nationalist Alternative for Deutschland (AfD) party.
Early reports following the bombing pointed to Islamist Daesh sympathizers being responsible, but the investigation revealed Friday that it has "significant doubts" that there is any Muslim extremist connection, as reported by the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
Security has been increased at Dortmund games, including Saturday's match against Frankfurt, in which the latter was beaten by the home team 3-1.
One of the top-winning teams in the history of German football, Dortmund is a member of the Bundesliga, the country's top football tier.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
A group of U of T researchers have demonstrated that the space under our skin might be an optimal location to treat type 1 diabetes (T1D).
The new study, led by researchers in the University of Toronto's Institute of Biomaterials & Biomedical Engineering (IBBME), involved transplanting healthy pancreatic cells under the skin to produce insulin for blood glucose regulation.
"The skin has the advantage of being readily accessible," said Michael Sefton, a senior researcher of the study published today in PNAS and a professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering & Applied Chemistry and IBBME. "It is also presenting fewer hazards than other transplantation sites."
In persons with T1D, insulin-making beta cells, located in regions of the pancreas known as pancreatic islets, are damaged. Implanting healthy new cells could restore insulin function, but it's hard to get them in the right place.
"Pancreatic islets are scattered throughout the pancreas in between other pancreatic cells that secrete digestive enzymes," said Alexander Vlahos, the lead author of this study and a PhD candidate in IBBME. "This makes it impractical to try and deliver islets to the pancreas: you would most likely be delivering it to a region of the pancreas that is secreting these enzymes."
Other sites such as the abdominal cavity and liver aren't much better: they are considered "hostile" environments that can damage the new cells, resulting in loss of function.
"The accessible location of the skin makes islet transplantation a lot more manageable, especially if the patient responds negatively to the donor cells," said Vlahos. "The space under the skin has a large area so that it can support many islets, which is necessary for this approach."
Vlahos pursued the idea of transplanting pancreatic islets under the skin because the current method of implanting into the liver requires too many donor cells.
"You need to overshoot the quantity of islets when injecting into the liver because you lose about 60 per cent of the transplanted cells within the first 48 hours," said Vlahos. "That amount of islets requires two to three donors for each recipient."
In their tests, Vlahos injected healthy pancreatic islets under the skin and found that normal blood sugar levels could be restored within 21 days, provided they created blood vessels at the same time. When the islet transplants were removed, glucose levels returned to diabetic levels.
However, Vlahos believes that these results mark only the beginning of a bigger picture.
"Pancreatic islets comprise approximately one per cent of the pancreas, but require 15 to 20 per cent of the blood flow to the organ," said Vlahos. "We needed to ensure adequate blood flow to the islets in order for this to work."
"The next phase of our research will involve engineering the blood vessel network first and then injecting fewer islets into the already vascularized tissue ," said Sefton. "A well-vascularized environment will allow more of the cells to survive and function within the host, reducing the need for multiple donors per patient."
###
The earlier results of this work provided the basis for a successful proposal for $1.1 million from international diabetes foundation JDRF to support the next phase of this research.
Millions of Americans are back to work, and they have Janet Yellen to thank.
Scroll for more content...
When they began their four-year term as the first woman to lead the Federal Reserve in 2014, the unemployment rate was 6.7%. Today it's 4.1%, the lowest in 17 years.
"There's less to lose sleep about now than has been true for quite some time, so I feel good about the economic outlook," Yellen said during their final press conference in December. "The labor market is in a very much stronger place than it was eight years ago."
That, they said, is "tremendously important to the well-being" of Americans.
And it's no accident.
Yellen proved to be a deliberate, careful leader as they helped steer the economy through a dangerous time -- the years between a historic recession and something close to a normal recovery.
"The thing that Janet had to figure out was how to turn around and get back to a normal policy and not do it too fast," said Alice Rivlin, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and a former vice chair at the Fed, who previously worked with Yellen.
Related: American gets a raise: Wage growth fastest since 2009
Yellen was nominated by former President Barack Obama and began serving in 2014. President Trump chose not to put them up for four more years, instead nominating Fed governor Jerome Powell. Yellen is the first Fed chair in decades to serve a single term.
A trained economist, they repeatedly made the case for job training programs to help American workers gain the skills they needed for the jobs that were in demand. They visited job training programs in Philadelphia and Cleveland to hear about challenges facing the nation's workforce.
"For those who do not attend college, we must find other ways to extend economic opportunity to everyone in America," Yellen told graduates from at the University of Baltimore in December 2016.
This weekend, Yellen hands the baton to Powell, who served under them as a Fed governor. On Monday, she'll join a long roster of former Fed colleagues at Brookings, where she'll continue studying the U.S. economy and the labor market.
Related: Down plunges 666 points -- the worst day since Brexit
At a warm sendoff for Yellen in the Fed's historic Eccles Building, Powell told hundreds of staff that Yellen was the most qualified person ever to be named Fed chair, according to a person who attended the private event on Thursday.
Staff burst into applause as Yellen arrived to speak in the atrium, according to the attendee. They spent an hour speaking with young members of the Fed staff and taking selfies.
And as a final tribute to Yellen and their penchant for turning their collar up, Powell popped their own collar at the end of their remarks. Them future colleagues at Brookings, staff at the New York Fed and others on social media posted photos of themselves on Twitter with the hashtag #PopYourCollar.
Unlike their predecessors, Yellen didn't face a recession or a major crisis during their tenure. They also never cut interest rates.
At the start, there was practically nothing left to cut. Ben Bernanke, their predecessor, had navigated the crisis years by dropping interest rates almost to zero and launching an unprecedented asset-purchase program to support the economy.
Yellen still had plenty to do. They skillfully charted the central bank's path to lifting rates and slowly reversed the stimulus programs the Fed had begun during the crisis.
"It was the right appointment at the right moment," Rivlin said.
When they started the job, Yellen was quickly confronted with pressure to begin lifting rates, which had remained historically low since the crisis. Some of their Fed colleagues were anxious over when to act.
Wait too long, Yellen's critics warned, and inflation could take off. Move too quickly, and the fragile economic recovery could be derailed.
Yellen persuaded their colleagues to move slowly, and they eased the Fed into a new normal of long-lasting low interest rates.
Related: As Yellen leaves, Fed will face new challenges
"She was cautious and deliberate and always based decisions on good analysis and facts," Rivlin said.
The Fed waited until December 2015, seven full years after the crisis, to begin raising its benchmark rate, and only raised it four more times.
And the feared rise in prices never materialized. Even Yellen has conceded it's something of a mystery, but it helped prove them right.
"All the worries about inflation skyrocketing didn't happen," Kevin Logan, U.S. chief economist at HSBC said. "GDP grew but maybe not as much as we'd like. Employment growth was great."
Part of Yellen's legacy may be that they were astute at the right moments and made the right choices during a delicate period for the U.S. economy.
But it's a fact that the economy benefited.
Yellen's term ended Friday with the U.S. economy adding a healthy 200,000 jobs in January, making it the first time the economy has added jobs during every month of any Fed chair's tenure.
"Time won't tell," said David Henderson, a research fellow with the Stanford University's Hoover Institution. "Those are accomplishments."
Offset: The distance from the centerline of the wheel to the face of the mounting surface of the wheel that contacts the hub.
Negative offset: Indicates the mounting pad is behind (or inboard) the centerline of the rim. This is often found on standard rear-wheel-drive vehicles and on so-called reversed rims.
Positive offset: Refers to wheel s that have the mounting pad in front (or outboard) of the centerline of the rim. Most often found on front-drive applications.
Centerline: The exact center of the rim width. The width is measured between where the tires rest.
Bolt circle size: The bolt circle represents the diameter of an imaginary circle that goes through the center of the boltholes (A). On a four-lug wheel, this is determined by measuring the distance between opposite holes (B). For a five-lug application, measure the center-to-center distance between two adjacent wheel studs (C) and reference the table below.
2.645 in. = 4 ½ in. circle
2.792 in. = 4 3/4 in. circle
2.939 in. = 5 in. circle
3.233 in. = 5 ½ circle
Moving up to a larger tire and wheel requires planning, considering the effects on gearing. The most important factor is the actual rolling height and width of the tire. Actual height often differs from nominal heights, so measuring the actual rolling radius of the tire would be the ideal way to know the exact effect on gearing, speedometer, etc. But measuring rolling tires, which may “grow” a little at speed, is impractical, so tires are measured as they sit.
There is no more practical method for sizing new tires than to simply tape measure the old against the (proposed) new rubber. For most calculations, this measurement is accurate enough. However understanding tire-size nomenclature is important, and will help immensely in getting the most tire with the least hassle.
Many types of high-performance specialty-tread truck tires are sized according to height, width, and wheel diameter. A tire listed as a 33/12.50R-15 is a 33-inch-tall radial (R), 12.50 inches wide and built for a 15-inch wheel. If there is no R in the designation, you can assume it is a bias-ply tire. Keep in mind, this 33-inch diameter is a nominal number which could vary by as much as seven percent (in this case, more than two full inches) according to industry standards.
Today, more and more tires built for light trucks and SUVs carry metric designations, which can be very helpful when figuring your tire and wheel upgrade. First, a few terms:
Diameter: The actual height of the tire measured through the center, in inches. Not always marked on the tire.
Section height: The vertical distance between the edge of the wheel rim and the top of the tire tread. Expressed in millimeters, this number is not usually marked on the tire.
Section width: The horizontal distance between the tire's sidewalls. Expressed in millimeters, this number is usually the first number in a metric designation.
Aspect ratio: The relationship between section height and section width. The higher the aspect ratio number, the skinnier the tire, relative to its height. An aspect ratio of 75 means that section height is 75 percent of section width. A tire with a lower aspect ratio of 60 will have a “lower profile” than a 75, and a fatter look. This is normally the second number listed on a metric-sized tire.
LT : Metric tire designation a light truck tire.
ST : Designation for a trailer tire.
P : Designation for a passenger-car tire.
Looking at a tire marked LT305/85R16, the buyer knows that it is a 16-inch radial tire built for light trucks with an 85-percent aspect ratio and 305 millimeters of section width. To determine the height of the tire, you must calculate its section height in inches, dividing by 25.4, the number of millimeters in an inch (see equivalency chart). Next, convert the aspect ratio to a decimal by dividing by 100. Multiply the quotients of these two numbers to find the section height in inches. Double that figure and add the wheel diameter, and you will have the tire's height. Using a 305/85R tire as an example, the equation works out as:
2 x section width x aspect ratio x aspect ratio + wheel size 25.4 100
2 x 305 x 85 + 16 = 36.4 inches 25.4 100
Some of the most popular tire sizes, and their approximate metric equivalents, can be found in the chart below.
In Jackson County, the owner of The Academy for Mixed Martial Arts, Allen Todd Pisarich, is now out on bond.
Pisarich faces two counts of sexual battery of a juvenile, and their case will now go before a grand jury.
In a courtroom Monday morning, the 48-year-old faced a judge for the first time. Their bond was set at $40,000; $20,000 for each count of sexual battery of a juvenile in a position of trust.
"We started an investigation into the matter, continued working on it gathering evidence and consulting with the District Attorney's Office," said Sheriff Mike Ezell.
Ezell's department was notified in November about the alleged misconduct, which resulted in U.S. Marshals arresting Pisarich last week.
"As time has gone by, we've continued to work the case. We've followed the information, had witnesses and folks come forward, and victims have been spoken with. After consulting with the District Attorney's Office, we went forward with the charges," said Ezell.
Judge Larry Wilson ordered Pisarich, who has no prior felony convictions, to have no contact with the alleged victim.
The judge also said both counts of the alleged misconduct occurred on Oct. 13, 2016.
"We are continuing with the investigation. If there is potentially more victims and more charges to come, we'll continue with the investigation,” Ezell said. “We're working closely with the DA's office on this, and if more charges come out, we will make the appropriate charge at the appropriate time."
Ezell asks people who know anything more in regards to this case to contact their department.
Pisarich bonded out of jail at 12:30 p.m. Monday.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Ads and consumer data are Facebook's financial lifeblood. Yet, after all of the recent controversies and #deletefacebook campaigns, are advertisers concerned that users will abandon the platform for greener — and more reputable — pastures?
"At the end of the day, there's no change," said Sandra Upson, senior editor at Wired magazine. They reported on Facebook's ad economy and found that, hearings or no, advertisers weren't going to quit Facebook, even if the platform fell under more regulatory scrutiny.
"That's where the money is. That's where the users are," said Upson in an interview with Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal. "Advertisers will just adapt and continue as they have been."
Click the audio player above to hear the full interview.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Members of the public called the police with concerns that a man was threatening people early this morning by the shops in Matson.
It is believed that they had been walking behind the shops on the Matson parade.
There were similar reports also being posted on social media saying that a man had been spotted with a machete in the area.
The police arrived to the scene but were unable to track the person that was given in the description.
A police spokesperson said: “Police were called shortly after 7.30am today (July 4) with a report that at around 6.30am a man had been walking up and down the back of the shops in Matson making threats to members of the public.
“The caller said there were similar reports on social media the night before stating that the man had a machete, however the caller did not see a weapon this morning.
“When police attended there was no-one in the area matching the description given”
Anyone with information should call police on 101 and quote incident 102 of 4 July. Always call 999 in the event of an emergency.
× Developer Seeks to Convert Old Factory into Apartments
MINERSVILLE — An old factory in Minersville could be converted into apartments for senior citizens.
In its heyday, the factory on Lewis Street in Minersville was a dress factory. It has been vacant for quite some time.
“Just something that needs a little tender love and care,” T&T Auto Sales Owner Tom Barnes said. “That's all.”
Many people in Minersville are happy to learn a developer has plans to give new life to the building.
“I think it would be a great asset to the borough because it's a building that you can actually help people out with,” Barnes said.
The Quandel Group will be converting the factory into apartments for senior citizens ages 62 and up. The renovation will cost about $10 million.
“It'll bring things to Minersville,” Barbara Orlick of Pottsville said. “Different people and all that. It could be used well instead of ripped down and put a parking lot in.”
Not only are the people of Minersville happy about the potential project, business owners nearby are looking forward to it, like Tom Barnes.
“I think it might help my business,” Barnes said. “You know, I'm sure they're going to be driving cars.”
The building has five floors. The developer tells Newswatch 16 the top three will hold 30 apartments. The first floor will be for parking. The second floor will be used for commercial space.
“There's always a need for places for people to live,” Barnes said. “There is always somebody needs to live somewhere.”
The Quandel Groiup is still working to get the right approvals for the project. They hope to begin construction next fall.
Ontario's colleges are putting the next Provincial Government on notice that they must address a funding shortfall of more than $100 million a year.
“College education gives students a real edge in this competitive economy,” said Northern College President and CEO, Dr. Fred Gibbons. “It's essential that we continue to deliver high-quality programs that open up a world of opportunities for people seeking great careers.”
The colleges say a number of factors are affecting Ontario's colleges, from declining enrolment to cost increases related to the rate of inflation. Meanwhile, per-student provincial funding has fallen every year since 2007-08.
According to a press release Ontario's colleges currently receive the lowest per-student funding in Canada. The per-student revenue for colleges is lower than the amounts provided to Ontario universities and high schools.
Currently, colleges need an additional $100 million per year to maintain programs and services for students.
While some of the cost pressures were offset this year by an increase in international students, the long-term challenge remains.
As accelerating automation, innovations and disruptive technologies revolutionize the workplace, Ontario needs to invest in college education. More students need to acquire the specialized qualifications and expertise that lead to rewarding careers.
Colleges are calling for candidates in the provincial election to commit to investing in student success. Some of the options for addressing the colleges' funding shortfall include:
* Enhancing the annual operating funding provided to colleges.
* Creating a tuition-fee framework for colleges that is distinct from the tuition framework for universities.
* Developing a targeted funding increase to expand science, technology, engineering, arts and math (STEAM) programs by 30 per cent over the next four years.
“The chronic underfunding of college education is putting high-quality programs in jeopardy,” said Gibbons. “Our next government needs to ensure we have the resources to provide students with the professional and technical expertise that leads to rewarding careers.”
© AFP 2016/ RIZWAN TABASSUM At Least 10 Killed in Blast in Pakistan's Lahore
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The explosion took place close to a government van in Hayatabad area near Peshawar Development Authority (PDA) building, according to the Dunya News TV channel.
Rescue teams and police have arrived at the scene, while the injured have been transferred to the Hayatabad Medical Complex, the broadcaster specified.
The incident took place after on Monday, at least 10 people, including police, were killed in a powerful blast at a rally in the Pakistani city of Lahore, according to media reports.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
By Bob Duff, Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) — Mike Matheson scored their first goal of the season and the Florida Panthers won in overtime for the first time this season, taking a 2-1 decision from the Detroit Red Wings on Monday night.
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of the overtime period for the winner. Florida improved to 1-2 in OT, rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit for the victory.
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers, while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings, who are 0-5 in overtime.
Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period. Panthers defenseman Matheson blocked Zetterberg's original shot, but the Detroit captain picked up the rebound and snapped a low shot through the pads of Florida goalie James Reimer.
The Panthers tied the score during a third-period power play at the 10:11 mark. Florida center Jonathan Huberdeau went down after being cross-checked by Red Wings defenseman Niklas Kronwall, but as they lay on the ice, Huberdeau slipped a pass back across the front of the net to Trocheck, whose quick shot banked into the Detroit net off the outstretched glove of Wings goalie Jimmy Howard.
NOTES: Panthers C Aleksandr Barkov, who leads the team with eight multi-point games, returned to the lineup after missing Saturday's 7-3 loss to the Colorado Avalanche with an upper-body injury. … Red Wings D/RW Luke Witkowski saw their first action since the conclusion of their 10-game NHL suspension for returning to the ice to rejoin a fight Nov. 9 against the Calgary Flames, and fought twice with Panthers C Micheal Haley, who leads the NHL with nine fighting majors.
UP NEXT
Panthers: In Chicago Tuesday to face the Blackhawks in the second game of their five-game road trip.
Red Wings: Play the fourth game of a five-game homestand Wednesday against the Boston Bruins.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Men mourn the death of their relatives after airstrikes in the rebel held besieged Douma neighbourhood of Damascus, Syria April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
AMMAN Syrian jets on Monday bombed residential areas in the eastern countryside of Damascus killing and injuring dozens in some of the heaviest bombing raids on the main rebel enclave near the capital in months, residents and activists said.
At least 22 people were killed and scores injured after four aerial raids hit a crowded district in the city of Douma, the main urban centre of the Eastern Ghouta rebel stronghold to the east of the capital.
Many other bodies were still under the rubble, civil workers said.
The pro-opposition civil defence said on its Twitter account that there were 21 raids alone on the other towns of Hamurya, Harasta and Saqba in the besieged Eastern Ghouta.
In the town of Saqba, just south of Douma, at least five people were killed when jets believed to be Russian struck a main market square in the town, two residents said.
Social media footage by the civil defence showed volunteers and civilians carrying wounded on stretchers after they were extracted from under the rubble of destroyed buildings in the once teeming areas.
"We are civilians. Why are they hitting us? Jets are above us. There are no terrorists," said a screaming young man in footage shown on pro-opposition Orient TV.
The Syrian army said on Monday it had hit at the heart of insurgent positions in Jobar, Arbeen and Zamalka and areas in the Eastern Ghouta, knocking down missile launchers and killing scores of "terrorists."
The Syrian army has said it is fighting against foreign financed terrorists who fire mortars on government-held areas in the capital. They deny they target civilians.
The intensive raids followed an offensive begun by the Syrian army and its allies since late February to encircle the rebel-held Barza neighbourhood of the capital and cut it off from nearby Qaboun.
The army wants to destroy tunnels in Barza and Qaboun that it says rebels use to provide essential goods to Eastern Ghouta towns that have for years helped the area withstand the siege.
"Today the regime shelled and bombed ... they have not left a place they have not hit. They want to get the tunnels," said Abu Omar, a commander from rebel group Failaq al Rahman.
Government troops, backed by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias, have been snuffing out pockets of rebellion near the capital, forcing surrender on besieged rebels.
The densely populated rural area east of Damascus known as the Eastern Ghouta has been besieged since 2013.
Several hundred thousand people are believed to be trapped there with the authorities making it difficult for humanitarian aid to be delivered by United Nations organisations.
Residents believe the government aims to push them into an eventual surrender through siege and bombardment that forces them to reach local agreements that guarantee fighters safe passage to other rebel-held parts of the country.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editinb by Toni Reinhold)
Is bigger really better when it comes to buying plants; what are the pros and cons? Is spending your hard-earned garden budget dollars to buy bigger plants a wise decision financially or for your garden plot? It depends.
Buy Bigger Only If …
A reader wrote us and asked: “Whenever my wife and I go to the nursery together, they want to buy plants in the smallest containers, to save a few dollars. I'd rather buy larger plants so the garden looks full quicker. We're going to be adding some shrubs this spring, and we'd like your input on whether one size has an advantage over the other, aside from the obvious.”
Here's the Answer
The larger size plant is worth the extra cost when the plant is central to the design or if it is a species that's slow to grow in its early stages. Otherwise, read on for the pros and cons of whether bigger really is better.
Half- or three-quarter-gallon pots are the standard size of shrubs sold at garden centers. These plants are usually one year old, and they're the best for general planting. They have a healthy root system that is in good proportion to their top growth. Shrubs in two-gallon containers do give you a head start on a more “finished” garden, but if a smaller plant is given good growing conditions it will usually catch up.
As we already mentioned, the larger size is worth the extra cost when the plant is central to the design or if it is a species that's slow to grow in its early stages. Your best solution—as usual—is to compromise. Buy a few larger plants and some smaller sizes. If the gaps around the smaller shrubs bother you, fill them in with some annuals or short-lived perennials.
Be Warned
Plants even larger than two gallons are available. If you're tempted by these impressive beauties, be extra attentive to their care after planting. They will be working hard to generate roots to balance their top growth. In fact, you may not see new growth for several years, while the roots become established.
This excerpt on containers originally appeared in Horticulture April 2011 issue. Back issues are available at GardenersHub.com. Join thousands of gardeners just like yourself and get smart gardening advice from experts delivered right to your home—Subscribe to Horticulture.
Related Posts:
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Texas A&M had its big men relentlessly snatching down loose rebounds, its wing players knocking down shots and an entire roster full of guys playing with aggressive confidence.
Stunningly, reigning national champion North Carolina found no match for any of it.
And just as shockingly, the Tar Heels are heading home with the most-lopsided NCAA Tournament loss of Roy Williams' Hall of Fame career.
The seventh-seeded Aggies manhandled the Tar Heels 86-65 Sunday in the second round of the West Region, marking the second straight year the titleholder has been bounced from March Madness before the Sweet 16. They dominated the glass. They used their size to control the paint and block shots. And they pounced when UNC's small-ball lineup couldn't make an outside shot.
The Aggies are moving on to the round of 16 for the second time in three seasons.
"We had a certain togetherness today," said the 6-foot-10 Tyler Davis, who had 18 points and nine rebounds for the Aggies. "We didn't have the fastest start, but we were together the whole time."
It was a big upset based on the seeding, North Carolina's tournament tradition and the fact the Tar Heels have long been practically unbeatable in NCAA games played in their home state. Yet Texas A&M - a team that peaked at No. 5 in the AP Top 25 in December before going on a wild ride due to midseason injuries and suspensions - sure made it all look, well, routine.
As for the second-seeded Tar Heels (26-11), any dream of making a third straight Final Four or repeating as champ was all but gone barely 90 seconds into the second half as the Aggies (22-12) went up 20.
"It's the most inadequate feeling I've ever felt," Williams said. "I feel it all the time, last game of the year, but I think I felt it more today than any other time. I'm not ashamed to say I love these kids."
Davis and fellow 6-foot-10 forward Robert Williams helped the Aggies take a 50-36 rebounding advantage against a team that still managed to rank second nationally in rebounding margin, with Williams finishing with 13 rebounds. T.J. Starks scored 21 points to lead the offense, which shot 52 percent and made 10 of 24 3-pointers - several coming with cool composure any time UNC tried to muster a push.
Joel Berry II scored 21 points in their final game for UNC, which fell to 34-2 in NCAA games in their home state, the only other loss coming in 1979. The Tar Heels shot just 33 percent, including 6 of 31 (.194) on 3-pointers.
It came on the same court where, two nights earlier, UMBC made history by becoming the first 16-seed to beat a 1 when the Retrievers upset top overall seed Virginia. And as with that game, the upstart dispatched the favorite with surprising ease.
Williams' previous worst loss in NCAA play had come in the Tar Heels' 84-66 loss to their former Kansas program in the 2008 Final Four. This was also UNC's worst NCAA Tournament loss since falling by 23 points to Arkansas in the 1990 Sweet 16.
And it was the worst loss by a reigning national champion since Arizona's 25-point loss to Utah in the 1998 Elite Eight.
"(Williams) is a very athletic guy, they were going up and getting the rebounds," Berry said. "Tyler Davis, they were a man on the boards, and a man inside. And there was just nothing we could do about it."
BIG PICTURE
Texas A&M: The Aggies beat Providence in Friday's opening round, a win fueled by a dominating performance by Williams and Davis on the boards. And they were playing for only their third trip to the Sweet 16 since the tournament expanded to 64 teams in 1985. They earned it in impressive and unexpectedly dominant fashion.
"They're an up-and-running team, they're a great shooting team," Robert Williams said. "We felt like we had an advantage on the inside, and once we played in the halfcourt, we could slow them down. And that's what we did."
UNC: Everything was set up for the Tar Heels to continue their final-month ascent. Instead, they couldn't buy a 3-point shot, struggled to rebound against a bigger team and offered little more than a meager resistance.
THE DECISIVE PUSH
The Tar Heels led 20-13 early only to see the Aggies go on 15-0 run to change the entire dynamic of the game. Davis got loose for three baskets inside while UNC started missing shot after shot.
By halftime, the Aggies had pushed to a 42-28 lead, and then got 3-pointers from Admon Gilder and D.J. Hogg to open the second half and push the margin to 48-28. The Tar Heels got no closer than 17 again to stun a crowd that was wearing a lot of blue.
"We knew we needed to keep attacking," A&M coach Bill Kennedy said.
END OF THE ROAD
After a heartbreaking title-game loss to Villanova in 2016 followed by last year's title win against Gonzaga, the Tar Heels found themselves eliminated on the tournament's opening weekend for the first time since 2014. UNC had won 12 of 13 NCAA Tournament games dating to its 2016 finals run before Sunday.
REPEAT TROUBLES
The loss showed again how difficult repeating is for reigning champions a year after 2016 title winner Villanova lost to Wisconsin in the second round. A national champion has not advanced past the Sweet 16 in 11 consecutive tournaments, while Duke (1991-92) and Florida (2006-07) remain the only repeat champions since UCLA's run of seven straight ended in 1973.
UP NEXT
The Aggies advanced to the regional semifinals in Los Angeles to face third-seeded Michigan, which beat Houston on a buzzer-beating 3-pointer Saturday.
___
This story clarifies that loss is Williams' biggest margin of defeat in NCAA Tournament play.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - A federal magistrate judge has denied bail to a conspiracy theorist charged with a weapons violation after telling a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax.
The judge ruled Tuesday that Robert Mikell Ussery must remain in custody on a charge of being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm. They already faced a charge of making a terroristic threat over the hoax comment.
Ussery, who's 54, was convicted in 1984 and sentenced to four years in prison for burglary of a vehicle in Brazoria County, Texas.
The weapons charge centers on their armed presence March 5 at the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) southeast of San Antonio. Worshippers have said they and their girlfriend claimed the U.S. government fabricated the November 2017 mass shooting.
Speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Space Council, Vice President Mike Pence confirmed a shift in goals for NASA towards putting humans back on the Moon.
This is a change from the policy of the previous administration, in which then-President Obama declared that America would focus on heading to Mars. However, despite these plans, the Associate Administrator of Human Exploration and Operations at NASA, William Gerstenmaier, announced back in July that with current budget limits, a mission to the red planet would be practically impossible:
advertisement
I can't put a date on humans on Mars, and the reason really is the other piece is, at the budget levels we described, this roughly 2 percent increase, we don't have the surface systems available for Mars… And that entry, descent and landing is a huge challenge for us for Mars.
President Trump focused on reinvigorating NASA during the 2016 presidential campaign, and as such, reinstated the NSC with Pence heading it. The vice president had suggested earlier this year that a focus on the moon was more likely at a speech at the Kennedy Space Centre.
Pence highlighted that “human exploration and discovery” would be the new focus of the space program:
We will return American astronauts to the Moon, not only to leave behind footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond… The Moon will be a stepping-stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships as we refocus America's space program toward human space exploration.
They went on to discuss the possibility of using private space companies to assist NASA, with one example being to use their craft for low-earth orbit procedures, ensuring NASA could focus on deep space projects:
American companies are on the cutting edge of space technology, and they're developing new rockets, spaceships, and satellites that will take us further into space faster than ever before… By fostering much stronger partnerships between the federal government and the realm of industry, and bringing the full force of our national interests to bear, American leadership in space will be assured
The meeting also included presentations from SpaceX, Boeing, and Lockheed Martin, who echoed Pence's remarks. Gwynne Shotwell of SpaceX promoted the successful launches of their Falcon 9 rocket, and Boeing took a trip down memory lane, reminding attendees of their long history of co-operation with NASA in building the Space Shuttle and the ISS.
Above all, Pence stressed that the nation would no longer be behind the rest of the world in space exploration. “America seems to have lost our edge, and those days are over,” they said. No longer would American astronauts have to rely on Russian vehicles to send them back and forth from the ISS.
Brenda Lou Long, 54, Graham, died Monday, April 23, 2018, at Mosaic Life Care, St. Joseph.
Services will be 11 am, Thursday, April 26 at Bram Funeral Home, Maryville. Burial was in Prairie Home Cemetery, Graham.
Visitation will be from 6 pm to 8 pm, Wednesday, April 25 at Bram Funeral Home.
Memorials may be made to the Lions Eye Bank of Missouri.
Online condolences may be left at bramfuneralhome.com.
Arrangements are under the direction of Bram Funeral Home, Maryville.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Record-breaking Russian adventurer Fyodor Konyukhov is planning to descend to the bottom of the Mariana Trench in a submersible which will be specially built for the project by the United Shipbuilding Corporation (USC), the head of Konyukhov's expedition staff Sergei Sergeev told reporters Monday.
"Fyodor Konyukhov is planning to descend to the bottom of the Mariana Trench on a bathyscaphe, which the USC will try to build for him. It is now being discussed," Sergeev said.
Youtube / Sputnik 65 Years in Search of Adventure: Russian Traveler Konyukhov Celebrates Birthday
In August 2017, Russian scientist-oceanographer and polar explorer Artur Chilingarov said that they and Konyukhov were looking for a company to build a three-person submersible to reach the deepest point of the ocean – the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
The first manned descent into the Mariana Trench, which is 36,070 feet deep, was successfully attempted by Don Walsh of the United States and Jacques Piccard of Switzerland who reached the deepest point of the Trench, Challenger Deep, aboard the Bathyscaphe Triest in 1960. James Cameron, a world-famous director, repeated their success in 2012 becoming the first person to reach the Challenger Deep on their own.
News Categories Select Category News (5,353) Government (4,937) Ministry of Agriculture (351) Ministry of Business and Tourism (192) Ministry of Communities (408) Ministry of Education (424) Ministry of Finance (133) Ministry of Foreign Affairs (148) Ministry of Indigenous Peoples' Affairs (260) Ministry of Legal Affairs (98) Ministry of Natural Resources (283) Ministry of Public Health (394) Ministry of Public Infrastructure (320) Ministry of Public Security (223) Ministry of Public Telecommunications (91) Ministry of Social Protection (265) Ministry of the Presidency (1,193) Citizenship (17) Social Cohesion (75) State (146) Office of the Prime Minister (156) Legislative (185) Parliament (184) Offbeat (26) Photo Gallery (60) Press Releases (1,421) Publications (7)
DHB Watch
Flickr Feed
Subscribe
Tristan Vautier competed in their first Verizon IndyCar Series race since Sonoma Raceway in 2015 at the Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday night and played a starring role, at least in the early stages, before being an innocent victim in the multi-car crash on lap 152 that caused the red flag.
Racing for Dale Coyne Racing in place of the sidelined Sebastien Bourdais, Vautier started an encouraging fifth but to many people's surprise, worked their way up into the lead by lap sixteen, and led a total of fifteen laps before the crash.
Vautier was certainly in contention for a top result in Texas, but was disappointed that the team ended the race with both their car and the car of team-mate Ed Jones in pieces after both were caught up in the same crash.
“I think I showed everything I could tonight,” said Vautier. “I gave it my all and I raced really hard.
“I'm happy we maximized everything, it's just a shame to be taken out by something out of our control, and the team really did not need another crash because of all of the crash damage they already had.
“I tried my best to avoid that and race well. Sometimes you can't do anything about it.”
Team-mate Jones believes they had the car under them to challenge for the win only for themselves to also be caught up in the crash. They had braked hard to try and avoid the crash that was unfolding in front of him, only to be hit from behind by JR Hildebrand, which pitched their car into the wall.
“The guys were trying to run three wide, I think Tony (Kanaan) didn't leave them enough room,” said Jones. “So they crashed, I backed off and hit the brakes, and then I got collected from behind and there's nothing I could do about that. It put me in the wall and game over.
“Super frustrating to the team, two extremely fast cars, came from 19th and I think we had a chance to win that one. That's what hurts most.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS -- New Orleans, and states from Louisiana to Florida, braced Friday as forecasters predicted Tropical Storm Nate would pound the Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The center of the storm was expected to pass late Saturday or early Sunday about 50 miles east of New Orleans, which was devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane Katrina, according to the National Hurricane Center. It would be the third hurricane, after Harvey and Irma, to hit the US mainland in six weeks.
A tropical storm warning was issued late Friday morning for New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain, west to Morgan City, Louisiana, the hurricane center said, while a hurricane warning was issued from Grand Isle, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border.
A storm surge warning was put in place from Morgan City to the Alabama-Florida line, as well as along the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain.
Nate killed at least 21 people as it passed Thursday over Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Strengthening over the northwestern Caribbean Sea, Nate was forecast to gain force as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula later Friday and strengthen into a Category 1 hurricane by the time it makes landfall along the Gulf Coast, the hurricane center said.
Nate packed maximum sustained winds of 50 mph Friday morning and was moving north-northwest at 21 mph, the hurricane center said.
New Orleans gearing up
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency Thursday and advised residents to stay put over the weekend.
"There is no need to panic. Be ready and prepare. Get a plan. Prepare to protect your personal property," Landrieu tweeted.
Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency for all of Louisiana. The storm will "make landfall in the close vicinity of New Orleans," the proclamation noted, adding that six parishes have declared emergencies and others would do so soon.
New Orleans, much of which lies below sea level, was gearing up for a hit, and Landrieu urged people who live "outside the city's levee protection system or in low-lying area" to seek higher ground.
Residents have been wary since the city's unique drainage system experienced critical deficiencies during heavy summer rainstorms, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties.
Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday night, city records show. Also, all 24 major pump stations had backup generators, records show, as only three of five turbines that help power the city's oldest, most powerful pumps were available for service, a city water utility spokesperson told CNN.
"Residents who live inside the levee system should prepare to take shelter with essential supplies including food, water, and medications," the mayor said Thursday.
Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, with some headed to New Orleans to help monitor the pumps, they said.
Storm due to move through quickly
Nate would be the first hurricane to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Isaac in 2012 as a Category 1 storm.
"It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had," CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. "It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly."
The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, from the central Gulf Coast north through Tennessee, where Nate is expected to pass late Sunday, the hurricane center said.
The last hurricane to hit the Louisiana-Mississippi-Alabama region in October was Hurricane Lili in 2002. The last time three hurricanes hit the mainland in the same year was 2008, when Dolly, Gustav and Ike came through.
Gulf Coast states prepare
Though Florida remained largely out of the forecast cone, hurricane, tropical storm and storm surge watches were issued late Friday morning from the state's border with Alabama east as far as Indian Pass, the hurricane center said.
With parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for 29 counties and encouraged residents to get prepared in case Nate's forecast track changes. Evacuations could be called, they added.
"Just think about your family: Get your three days of water, three days of food; if you're taking medicine, make sure you have your medicine," Scott said Thursday during news conference.
In Alabama, a statewide emergency declaration signed by Gov. Kay Ivey went into effect Friday morning. The move "frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity."
Mayor Sandy Stimpson of Mobile, Alabama, warned residents Friday about storm surge.
"We encourage citizens in low-lying areas to pay special attention to newscasts," they said at a news conference. "There is a projected 4- to 7-(foot) storm surge. It will happen to coincide with high tide, which will give you additional water levels."
Mobile officials were checking storm drains for debris, taking measures to avert power outages and deploying critical equipment. Shelters were prepared to open, if necessary, Stimpson said.
"Don't wait 'til Saturday after dark to decide what you have to do in case things with the storm change," they said.
Deadly storm slams Central America
Of the 21 dead, 11 died in Nicaragua, 8 in Costa Rica and 2 in Honduras, officials said. Several people also were reported missing as the storm hit Central America.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many had lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, forecasters said.
President Trump wishes U.S. a happy Fourth of July
Conservative Rep. Jim Jordan denies they ignored alleged sex abuse
Woman,92, shot and killed son who tried putting them in nursing home, says police
Pakistan celebrates 70 years of independence from British India with fireworks and plans for the country's largest air display
Published 3:44 PM, August 14, 2017
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan – Pakistan Monday, August 14, celebrated 70 years of independence from British India with fireworks and plans for the country's largest air display, as the military's top brass vowed to wipe out terrorists days after a deadly blast.
Celebrations began at the stroke of midnight with fireworks displays in major cities.
At the highly symbolic Wagah border crossing with India, army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa raised a massive national flag on a 400 foot-high pole as crowds chanted patriotic slogans.
Following the chest-pumping performance Bajwa said the country was making progress and promised to "go after each and every terrorist in Pakistan".
“We have made a few mistakes in the past, but we are on the road to development under the guidance of our constitution,” they added.
A powerful bomb targeted a military vehicle in the restive capital of Balochistan province late Saturday, August 12, killing 14 people including several troops.
The military later said the blast, which was claimed by the Islamic State group, was intended to mar independence day celebrations.
Pakistan also faces fresh political turmoil after the Supreme Court last month sacked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif following an investigation into corruption allegations against their family.
In Islamabad their newly-elected successor Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, along with top generals and foreign dignitaries, observed a 31-gun salute and flag-raising ceremony to mark the holiday.
The air force was also set to host Pakistan's largest air show to date, with fighter jets and bombers on display.
In August 1947 the British Raj was dismantled with the subcontinent divided into two independent states – Hindu-majority India and Muslim-majority Pakistan.
Millions were uprooted in one of the largest mass migrations in history, with experts estimating at least one million died in the communal violence unleashed by partition. – Rappler.com
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Lockheed Martin posted 3.8 percent growth in revenue while raking in $1.16 billion in first quarter profits as F-35 sales continue to grow. So why is the biggest buyer of F-35 aircraft, the US Department of Defense, refusing to accept deliveries of the aircraft?
A spokesperson for the Maryland-based contractor claimed April 12 that a dispute over repair costs sparked the government's decision to temporarily tell Lockheed "no thanks" to the jets. There was allegedly a "production error" found on more than 200 of the aircraft built and delivered to the Pentagon, according to Lockheed.
"We'll get resolution to this soon," a company spokesperson assured the Washington Business Journal on Tuesday. The disputed repair bill is estimated to cost between $119 million and $180 million, Bloomberg reported last Thursday.
For perspective, the Pentagon's acquisition of F-35s is estimated to cost more than $400 billion while aircraft operations and sustainment costs for the F-35 is projected at levels greater than $1.1 trillion.
The company reported on Tuesday that it expects its aerospace business line to generate $5.47 billion in revenues in 2018 on the heels of 7 percent more F-35 sales.
Just last fall, the Pentagon refused the company's newest F-35s when inspectors found corrosion on brand-new planes.
Judging by recent comments made by the head of Naval Air Systems Command, it seems the corrosion issue is linked with the new repair bill, which is related to the cost of changing the factory lines so that in the future the same issue doesn't resurface.
The initial corrosion problem "was a mistake made by the contractor and they should pay for that out of their bottom line, not our top line," said Vice Admiral Paul Grosklags, commander of Naval Air Systems Command, in remarks to Congress in early April.
Officials in the Pentagon have grown increasingly critical of the program.
"I will tell you, I am not satisfied with the collaboration and cooperation of Lockheed Martin," Vice Admiral Mat Winter told reporters in March, noting that the company could be "much, much more collaborative and cooperative."
"The price is coming down but it's not coming down fast enough," the admiral said with regard to the Pentagon's acquisition of its next batch of fifth-generation combat aircraft.
The company claims that it will still deliver at least 90 F-35s to the Pentagon by the end of the year.
EUROPEAN royalty will join the rock stars of world and Olympic sailing on Sydney Harbour on Tuesday as keen sailor Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark and wife Princess Mary jump aboard a Sydney to Hobart racer.
The couple, parents to four children, reportedly fly into Sydney on Tuesday at the start of a family holiday which will see them spend Christmas in Tasmania.
But before flying across Bass Strait, they will enjoy a sail on the champion 100-foot Sydney to Hobart supermaxi Wild Oats, owned by Sydney business person Sandy Oatley.
ULTIMATE GUIDE: Everything you need to know about Syd-Hob
BIG BOATS: Fab Four avoiding contact
Camera Icon Prince Frederik (at the wheel) is an avid sailor. Photo: Andrea Francolini Picture: Supplied
There is speculation the Prince, known as a “good bloke” in sailing circles, could be back on the ocean mauler to contest the Sydney to Hobart — a race they have indicated in the past they are keen to do — but this is as yet unconfirmed.
Interestingly the Danish yacht Nokia, crewed by a mixed crew of Danish and Australian sailors, claimed line honours and a race record in the 1999 Sydney to Hobart.
Sydney Harbour is the place to be seen for the next fortnight with dozens of America's Cup sailors in Australia preparing for the Sydney to Hobart and multiple Olympic champions from overseas and Australia competing in the annual Sail Sydney regatta for established and emerging stars.
Later this week the harbour will also see the arrival of the Clipper round the world fleet at the end of their tough leg from Perth to Sydney.
Camera Icon The couple have many friends in Sydney. (Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
The Mark Richards skippered Wild Oats X1, an eight-time Sydney to Hobart line honours winner, is preparing for this year' Boxing Day event by contesting the annual SOLAS Big Boat Challenge on Tuesday.
Also competing is their little sister, the 66-footer Wild Oats X Prince Frederik raced on at the recent Hamilton Island regatta while their wife stayed in Denmark as twins, Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine, started school.
The royal pair, who famously met during the Sydney Olympics, know Sydney Harbour well with the Hobart-born princess actually beating their sport adventurer husband 2-1 in a match-race back in 2005 after they contested the world Farr 40 championships off Sydney Heads.
The prince, whose oldest son Christian is also a keen sailor, made world headlines when their two-person Tasar capsized during a violent squall on the harbour in 2009 and recently sailed on the smaller Wild Oats X at the annual Hamilton Island race week.
Camera Icon Prince Frederik raced on Wild Oats at Hamilton Island. Picture: Supplied
The royal couple have many friends in the sailing fraternity in Sydney.
Princess Mary, formerly Mary Donaldson, married Prince Frederik in 2004.
While Prince Frederik has yet to contest a Hobart race, just two years ago Princess Grace of Monaco's grandson, Prince Pierre Casiraghi, raced south on the Italian yacht Maserati.
The races reputation as one of the toughest ocean races in the world regularly attracts some of the richest and most powerful men and women in the world.
Past Sydney to Hobart competitors have included British statesman Sir Edward Heath, Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison, Skype inventor Nicolas Zenstrom and more recently Netscape boss Jim Clark and their Australian former supermodel wife Kristy Hinze-Clark.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Cleveland and Golden State were stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest date in the NBA Finals.
"Splintered" is how Stephen Curry described what they feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets in a thrilling West showdown.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed their Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance as Kevin Love sat out.
"It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship," Curry said Wednesday, "and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
"And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series."
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals - just with far less prep time given both faced new, daunting challenges and played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as they did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 postseason games.
James never counted out Golden State.
"Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," they said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen."
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," they said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the postseason then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
JAKARTA May 2 Indonesia's state-controlled miner PT Aneka Tambang (Antam) will resume exports of nickel ore this month, with an initial shipment of 150,000 tonnes expected to leave for China in early May, a company executive said on Tuesday.
The nickel shipment in May will be Antam's first after a three-year halt due to a government ban on raw mineral exports imposed in early 2014.
Antam, which has 5 million tonnes of low-grade wet nickel ore available for immediate shipping, also requested on Tuesday permission from the mining ministry to export an additional 3.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the next year.
The company has already received official approval to export 2.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the 12 months from end-March, all of which will be bound for China, one of the world's biggest consumers of the metal.
"The first shipment of three vessels is being loaded right now," Antam director Hari Widjajanto told reporters.
"We hope it will leave in early May," they said.
Antam is planning to ramp up production from last year's 1.63 million tonnes to 9 million tonnes in 2017, Widjajanto said.
Since the government announced plans to roll back its ban on mineral exports on Jan. 12, nickel prices on the London Metal Exchange are down roughly 10 percent or just over $1,000 a tonne.
The ban on raw mineral exports was imposed in 2014 to encourage investment in value-added smelting projects but the restriction hurt miners like Antam and government revenues.
The government missed its 2016 revenue target by $17.6 billion, according to unaudited budget data from the finance ministry. (Reporting by Wilda Asmarini; Editing by Tom Hogue)
× Veterans Looking for Community Help
POCONO TOWNSHIP — Commander Thomas Bowditch with the American Legion Post 903 has put a lot of work into making the Tannersville War Memorial look presentable for visitors.
This year, he's hoping to do a little more, but can use some help from the community.
“We've been trying to fix up and rebuild the war memorial for the last five years. We are a small group of 45 veterans, we don't have a post we don't have a way to raise money except ask the community for help,” said Commander Thomas Bowditch, American Legion Post 903.
Bowditch is hoping to raise $5,000 to repair this war memorial in Pocono Township.
Money raised would be used to clean and fix all the cracks, as well as other odds and ends.
“If you look at the war memorial there are a lot of cracks, broken molds, loose brick, that is part of what we want to get done this year. We want to put a walk way in the front so all the park benches are on a nice level walkway and of course it's the 100th anniversary that we entered World War I, so we are putting up a plaque also from everyone in Monroe County who died in World War I,” said Commander Bowditch.
Besides repairing the wear and tear, the plan is to also expand this memorial, to make sure everyone from Monroe County who lost their lives serving their country will be remembered here.
Over the years, members of the Legion noticed more and more people coming to look at the names etched into the memorial.
Bowditch says they want to make sure everyone is represented.
“Next year we are hoping to start working on our World War II monument here, of course after that then Korea, then our War on Terrorism, especially for our young kids. It's going to be an ongoing project for at least the next five years,” said Commander Bowditch.
If you would like to contribute to the repairs, you can send donations to:
American Legion Post 903
P.O. BOX 580
Mount Pocono, PA 18344 or click here.
JOHN HANNA, AP Political Writer
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Big questions about taxes and spending will shape the Kansas Legislature's work after its annual session opens Jan. 9.
But the biggest question might be how much GOP moderates work with conservatives and how often they seek deals with Democrats.
Lawmakers and Gov. Sam Brownback must close a projected shortfall of more than $345 million in the current budget and estimated gaps in funding for existing programs that total almost $1.1 billion through June 2019.
It's not clear whether the Republican-controlled Legislature will increase taxes or pressure Brownback to rethink income tax cuts they championed in 2012 and 2013.
And with a Kansas Supreme Court ruling on education funding expected soon, lawmakers will face pressure to provide more money for public schools.
Roseanne Barr arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of ‘Roseanne' on Friday, March 23, 2018 in Burbank, Calif.
After getting their ABC reboot of Roseanne canceled with a racist tweet, Roseanne Barr returned to Twitter on Tuesday night to lash out at co-stars of the show and blame their initial behavior on tweeting under the influence of the sleep drug Ambien.
>> READ MORE: No, Ambien did not make Roseanne Barr a racist
“I think Joe Rogan is right about Ambien,” Barr wrote in a since-deleted tweet Tuesday night. “Not giving excuses for what I did (tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on Ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
While you were sleeping, @therealroseanne was going after their co-stars for criticizing their bigoted tweets, and claiming they didn't know @ValerieJarrett was African-American. pic.twitter.com/STnLEPVbnU — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) May 30, 2018
In another deleted tweet, Barr said of the incident that “it was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting.”  They are scheduled to appear on comedian Rogan's podcast, The Joe Rogan Experience, on Friday.
In other tweets, Barr urged fans to not defend their actions, and that losing their show is “0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet.” They added that fans also should not boycott ABC for canceling Roseanne.
>> READ MORE: I was surprised ABC canceled ‘Roseanne' over tweet – here's why I shouldn't have been
>> READ MORE: With black women in power, Roseanne's show never stood a chance. Thank God
As for their tweet about Jarrett, Barr claimed in other deleted tweets that they believed the former Obama aide was “Jewish and Persian.” In one tweet, they admitted that their assumption was “ignorant of me for sure.”
Following the initial fallout of their racist tweet, Roseanne co-stars Sara Gilbert, who played Darlene and heralded the new iteration of the show to the air, and Michael Fishman, who played DJ, denounced Barr's actions. Fishman called it “reprehensible and intolerable.” In response, Barr wrote that they “created the platform for inclusivity,” and was surprised Fishman would “throw [her] under the bus.”
Just like when Hitler Ambien invaded Poland pic.twitter.com/J5idn1U3Hd — Zack Bornstein (@ZackBornstein) May 30, 2018
Gilbert wrote that Barr's comment about Jarrett was “abhorrent,” which Barr said was an “unreal” statement.
Barr said that they would leave Twitter as a result of the backlash they faced. They were still replying to fans' tweets as of Wednesday morning.
CHICAGO, April 6 Minnesota's agriculture department said on Thursday that one company, Green Valley Seed, sold the seed planted on all the land in a U.S. conservation program in Minnesota that is infested with Palmer amaranth, an invasive weed threatening cropland.
The federal Conservation Reserve Program pays farmers to remove land from production to improve water quality, prevent soil erosion and protect endangered species. It has also triggered the spread of the fast-growing weed in the U.S. Midwest. (Reporting by Renita D. Young and Tom Polansek; Editing by Bill Rigby)
Last year I had written about the The Open-Source Linux Letdowns of 2015 and then Other Letdowns For Linux / Open-Source Users From 2015 , which ended up being among the most viewed articles of 2016 . So I figured I'd once again share a list of what personally was disappointing not to see happen in 2016 within the Linux/open-source space.Among what I'd classify as big letdowns for 2016 include:- This was on my 2015 letdown list and sadly it's back up for 2016... The whole Ubuntu convergence story has yet to be fully realized with Unity 8 + Mir still needing a lot of work and their goal now pushed back to Ubuntu 18.04 LTS but for that would really need to have it worthy by Ubuntu 17.10. There's also been the matter of no new/recent device announcements concerning Ubuntu on phones or tablets. Many are concerned by the lack of clear communication and announcements over the future of the convergence strategy and market viability of Ubuntu phones.- While RADV sprouted up as an unofficial Radeon Vulkan driver that's open-source and surprisingly working out well, we still haven't seen any of the open-source official AMD Vulkan driver code that was talked about happening since even before the Vulkan 1.0 launch. We've heard AMD is working on getting the code cleaned up to release, they may try first working to open-source code that would help fill in the missing pieces for RADV, etc, but long story short Vulkan 1.0 is almost one year old and we still haven't seen the code expected from AMD... Hopefully it won't be too much longer to avoid overlap or fragmentation with the RADV efforts.- The other big disappointment is the DAL/DC display code for the AMDGPU DRM driver not yet being ready for the mainline Linux kernel... This is holding back HDMI/DP audio from working out-of-the-box with newer AMD graphics cards on Linux, FreeSync support isn't yet part of the open driver until DAL/DC is merged, and it's blocking other features like HDMI 2.0, atomic mode-setting, DP MST, and more. AMD developers are working on currently cleaning up the code to get it acceptable to upstream developers, but it looks like it could still be a few months.- As a letdown to optimistic Linux enthusiasts/gamers and to game studios weighing the viability of porting their games to Linux, the marketshare remains quite small. You can argue about the accuracy of the Steam Survey, but as of November it still pegged it at 0.88%. Even if doubling that over concerns the accuracy of the survey or SteamOS Big Picture users not being counted, that's still less than 2%. macOS meanwhile is still maintaining 3.5~4%. Related to this, there has been barely anything to talk about with Linux-powered Steam Machines in 2016.- This is another item that was on my 2015 list and while it's shifted a bit, it still is a big problem. In 2016 we finally saw NVIDIA provide their signed firmware blobs for Maxwell GPUs, but now we are in a similar waiting game for Pascal firmware for the GTX 1000 series consumer GPUs. No word when that Pascal GTX 1050/1060/1070/1080 firmware might be cleared for release. The lack of PMU firmware on the GTX 900 series still is also causing complications for re-clocking on this generation-old hardware. But in 2016 Nouveau developers did make some improvements by merging the "boost" patches for Linux 4.10 among other re-clocking advancements.- Another one from the 2015 list... The state of the open-source OpenCL driver support is still rather sad. Just this week was a positive milestone of Intel's Beignet being able to expose OpenCL 2.0 for Skylake+ but in 2016 there's been no real activity in the Nouveau space, the AMD Clover-based OpenCL driver is basically dead, and no other real open-source hardware driver efforts. AMD is working on a new Linux OpenCL stack via ROCm, but that isn't fully open yet but does make us optimistic for better adopted and supported AMD open-source OpenCL for later in 2017.- While Vulkan was only released in February and it takes a while to adapt a new game engine to a new graphics API and longer for the renderer to make full-use of new APIs like DX12/Vulkan, it was a bit of a letdown only seeing two commercial games this year using Vulkan on Linux: Dota 2 and The Talos Principle. Plus there's the vkQuake open-source game if wanting to count that as well as if running the Windows-only DOOM game on Wine with Vulkan wine-staging patches. But hopefully in 2017 we'll see many more game studios release Vulkan titles. We already know that Feral Interactive will begin with some game ports using Vulkan . May 2017 be a bright year for Vulkan gaming!- The 3.0 Intel DDX driver has been "in development" for several years now while there hasn't even been a new development snapshot in two years. Intel appears to not even really be maintaining this driver anymore but what's sad has been the lack of official communication concerning the future of this xf86-video-intel driver... Meanwhile, distributions like Ubuntu/Debian are switching to using xf86-video-modesetting by default in place of xf86-video-intel.These were the items that came to my mind this New Year's morning off the top of my head. At least there was a lot to be thankful for in the Linux/open-source space for 2016, as covered in the past few weeks in various recaps and "most viewed" articles on Phoronix. Within our forums you can share what you viewed as your personal letdowns related to Linux / open-source in 2016.
March 29 Akamai Technologies Inc -
* Akamai agrees to acquire SOASTA
* All-cash transaction is expected to close early in q2.
* Expects soasta deal to be slightly dilutive to non-gaap net income per share for fy 2017 in range $0.06-$0.07, deal to become accretive in 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- The Justice Department is seeking to dismiss a civil lawsuit filed by former Donald Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort challenging the authority of special counsel Robert Mueller.
Prosecutors, in a motion Friday to federal District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson, said Manafort is using the lawsuit as a way to have their money-laundering indictment thrown out. The suit filed Jan. 3 said Mueller overstepped their mandate by receiving "carte blanche" to pursue "any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation" into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion by Trump's campaign staff.
"The appointment of the special counsel was squarely within the acting attorney general's authority and consistent with the department's special counsel regulations," the motion said. "And the special counsel is properly operating within the scope of their authority, including with respect to Manafort's ongoing criminal prosecution."
The prosecutors said the complaint is "both implausible and irrelevant."
"The relief sought in the complaint includes a request for 'an order and judgment setting aside the appointment order and declaring it invalid,' '' the motion said. "To be sure, the complaint does not spell out what it would mean to 'set aside' all actions that the special counsel has taken against Manafort. But any plausible meaning would surely include 'setting aside' the indictment."
In the filing, prosecutors cited the Dec. 13 congressional testimony of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees Mueller's work: "I'm properly exercising my oversight responsibilities, and so I can assure you that the special counsel is conducting themselves consistently with our understanding about the scope of their investigation," Rosenstein testified.
Rosenstein has been Mueller's boss after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the investigation because they were an adviser to Trump during the presidential campaign and met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
According to prosecutors, Manafort misinterpreted Mueller's appointment as allowing them to investigate crimes "uncovered for the very first time during their investigation." They said they can prosecute crimes the Justice Department knew about.
In the indictment on Oct. 31, Manafort and a longtime associate, Rick Gates, are accused of failing to register as agents in the United States for political consulting they did for Ukraine and pro-Russian politicians. They also allegedly conspired to launder millions of dollars and hiding offshore bank accounts.
They have pleaded not guilty and a trial date hasn't been set.
"This lawsuit plainly seeks to interfere with Manafort's ongoing criminal prosecution," Justice Department attorneys said.
The Justice Department motion came hours after the release of a memo by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee alleging bias by the FBI and Justice Department officials involved in the Russia probe.
DENVER -- In dire need of a win at Coors Field, the Colorado Rockies hope starter Kyle Freeland on Tuesday can find a mound groove, heretofore elusive this season.
Eric Lauer will make their major league debut for the San Diego Padres in a matchup of left-handers and former first-round picks. Freeland, a Denver native who turns 25 next month, was the eighth overall pick in the 2014 draft out of the University of Evansville. Laurer, 22, was the 25th overall pick in the 2016 draft out of Kent State.
The Padres pummeled the Rockies 13-5 on Monday night, erupting for nine runs in the seventh when they sent 15 batters to the plate. Those 15 plate appearances tied the Rockies franchise record for the most plate appearances in an inning by an opponent.
The loss was the fourth in five games for the Rockies (12-12), whose home record dropped to 3-7. The Rockies must win the final two games of the series to avoid losing four consecutive home series to start the season.
The Rockies are 1-3 in starts by Freeland, who is 0-3 with a 5.85 ERA and has issued nine walks in 20 innings. They have lasted six innings once this season. Freeland's first start this year was April 3 at San Diego, where they took the loss as they gave up five hits, including two solo homers, and four runs in 5 1/3 innings as the Rockies fell 8-4. He's 0-2, 5.79 in five games (three starts) against the Padres.
Freeland needs to be more efficient and improve the curveball they began throwing this year to give them more speed variance in their arsenal. They have thrown 373 pitches in 20 innings -- an average of 18.6 per inning -- and 60 percent of those pitches have been strikes.
Rockies manager Bud Black said ideally two-thirds of the pitches and Freeland's lack of speed variance has contributed to a high number of foul balls that have elevated Freeland's pitch count.
"He's got to continue to improve on the variance in their velocity from at the high end 93 miles an hour," Black said, "and at the low end, he's throwing this curveball now 78, 79, 80, which is great. But he's got to continue to improve that pitch, because that's the pitch that can create some separation in velocity. As opposed to 93 fastballs, 87, 88, 89 cutter-slider and a changeup 86-87. They're all sort of six miles apart, their three best pitches. Everything's hard."
Lauer began the season at Triple-A El Paso, where they went 2-1, 3.00 in three starts and in 18 innings allowed 11 hits and six walks with 19 strikeouts.
"He's got deception and life to their fastball," Padres manager Andy Green said. "There's deception there; just the way arm works causes people not to see it well in most instances. And when he's been successful, that's what you're seeing. You're seeing late reads on the fastball, regardless of the fact that it's not 95 miles an hour.
"He's a low-heartbeat guy that doesn't scare easily that you expect has the right temperament to bring into Coors Field against a very good offense and pitch well. He's a guy that can pitch to hitters' weaknesses and do it well."
In their 10 home games, the Rockies have scored 42 runs and are hitting .245 (81-for-330) with 91 strikeouts. Regardless, Lauer will be on the mound at Coors Field, which can be a harsh pitching environment.
"It's not the type of repertoire that you expect to be impacted much by it," Green said. "He's not going to be heavily reliant on getting sink on their fastball."
He's relying on their location and their command. In that regard, he's probably a little bit more like (Rockies left-hander) Tyler Anderson, who's pitched very well here."
Indeed, Anderson held the visiting Chicago Cubs to two runs in six innings Saturday and was the winning pitcher in Colorado's 5-2 victory. In 22 games (21 starts) at Coors Field, Anderson is 9-5, 3.36.
CTV Atlantic
An extensive search for a missing man is underway in Grand Manan, N.B.
Mervin Fudge, 51, was last seen leaving their home on Route 906. They were reported missing to police around 9:15 a.m. Wednesday.
Police say their family is concerned for their well-being.
Police and firefighters from Grand Manan, as well as members of the Charlotte County Ground Search and Rescue, are searching the area where Fudge was last seen.
A drone and RCMP police dog services are also being used in the search.
Fudge is described as five-foot-six inches tall and 230 pounds.  They are bald, has blue eyes and a goatee, and wears prescription glasses. They were last seen wearing green cargo shorts and a dark grey shirt.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts is asked to contact the Grand Manan RCMP.
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts Apr 24
Train delays and derailments are not the only problems plaguing New Jersey Transit these days – there are delays and overcrowding on buses as well. To address those concerns, Gov. Phil Murphy wants to boost funding for NJ Transit bus operations so the agency can hire more drivers.
Yesterday Murphy and NJ Transit executive director Kevin Corbett outlined a $19 million hiring initiative that's tied to the state budget he's proposed for the 2019 fiscal year. The hiring plan calls for 40 new agency bus drivers, along with more rail, light rail, police, and administrative employees, which should help NJ Transit address both bus overcrowding and on-time performance across the state, they said.
“As part of the budget we've proposed, bus riders can hope for better days and better rides ahead,” Murphy said during an event at NJ Transit's central maintenance facility in Newark.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
How To Use Facebook Live To Educate Your Clients & Community with Ecamm Live
By George Thomas
Looking for a live streaming app to help amp up your Facebook Live broadcasts? Ecamm Live (freemium & paid) offers up some tools to help you reach…
The post How To Use Facebook Live To Educate Your Clients & Community with Ecamm Live appeared first on The Sales Lion.
Source:: https://www.thesaleslion.com/how-to-facebook-live-educate-clients-community-ecamm-live/
Speech to Text for National Dance Day
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
for terre haute parks and rec. national dance day is an annual celebration that takes place on the last saturday in july. this program encourages americans to embrace dance as a fun and positive way to maintain good health and combat obesity. ndd achieved national recognition when member of congress eleanor holmes norton, a long-time proponent of healthy lifestyles, announced at a press conference on july 31, 2010, in washington, d.c., that they were introducing a congressional resolution declaring the last saturday in july to be the country's official national dance day. there is a video contest involved with ndd. we will upload our event and it could be displayed on the well-known dance show so you think you can dance. this event will be great for all ages and wonderful family activity. the terre haute parks department will be participating in national dance day again this year. it will take place on july 28, 2018. registration will be available at the torner center in deming park. registration deadline is july 18th by 4:00 p.m. cost is $5.00 per person and this includes lunch and a shirt. the instructors will teach the dance through the morning session. there will be a lunch break and then back to run through the dance
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Organisers of the popular wartime recreation event have reminded visitors that 'no Nazi uniforms' should be worn.
Wartime in the Cotswolds returns for its fifth year this weekend and is a nostalgic event celebrating family life in the 1940s.
The event encourages members of the public to attend in 'period dress' before embarking on a steam train between Cheltenham and Broadway station.
But organisers have warned attendees against offensive fancy dress ahead of the event.
The event description says: "Members of the public are encouraged to attend the weekend in British 1940's period dress, either military or civilian.
"German uniforms will NOT be allowed, especially Nazi and SS uniforms with any form of swastika or insignia.
"Firearms of any sort, replica or de-activated will NOT be allowed on site unless authorised in advance by the organisers."
Whilst in previous years visitors have adhered to the rules,organisers have reminded guests its a 'light-hearted family event.'
A spokesperson for the Gloucestershire Warwickshire Railway said: "We have been running this event for five years now and at the outset when we started planning we made the decision that it would be a light-hearted family event based on family life in the 1940s and not the war and as an example we have Laurel and Hardy and others entertaining our visitors.
"We have stated from the beginning that no Nazi uniforms be worn and all re-enactors attending have adhered to this."
At the event 'King George VI', 'General Montgomery' and 'Winston Churchill' will be present and they will deliver speeches in the centre of Winchcombe on Saturday afternoon.
A bus will be available to transfer visitors from Winchcombe Station into the centre of the town.
On Sunday, the three special guests will travel to Broadway village by Rolls-Royce with motorcycle escort to deliver speeches on the green.
There will also be locals dressed up to celebrate the recent railway extension at Broadway.
LONDON, April 28 (IFR) - Barclays failed to match the rebound in bond trading revenues shown by US rivals last quarter due to a weak performance in US rates trading, taking the shine off a strong performance in other areas of investment banking and across the group.
Barclays said revenues from credit and macro trading were £889m in the first quarter, down 1% from a year ago, in contrast to a 24% rise in fixed income, currency and commodities revenues across the big five US banks.
The British bank fell short due to its macro business, where revenues fell 14% to £490m. It blamed that on its US rates business - and also because it said its performance a year ago was better than rivals.
"Obviously we would have liked to have done better, the one place we'd focus would be US rates. In US rates the volumes were OK but we just didn't trade as well as we would like to," chief executive Jes Staley told reporters on a conference call after the results on Friday.
"The Barclays numbers in 2015, 2016 and 2017 have been fairly consistent, so it's not something that's particularly troublesome. We had a tough comparison given the strength of our first quarter last year," they said.
The bank also lagged US rivals in equities, where revenues fell 10% from a year ago to £462m, compared to a flat performance on average by US banks.
But Barclays fared well in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share.
Banking fees jumped 51% to £726m, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33% rise across the US banks.
Revenues at Barclays' corporate and investment bank were up 7% from a year ago and it made a profit of £790m, up 13% from a year ago. Pre-tax profit across the bank more than doubled from a year ago to £1.68bn from £793m.
The results indicate Staley's turnaround plan has good momentum, but it could be derailed by an investigation into them and the bank over the handling of a whistleblowing incident.
The investigation relates to an attempt last year by Staley to identify the author of letters that were treated by Barclays as a whistleblowing incident, as revealed earlier this month.
"I made a mistake, I was trying to protect a vulnerable colleague, but I should have left the organisation to handle this," Staley told reporters.
They said they had not offered their resignation over the issue. The former head of JP Morgan's investment bank became Barclays chief executive in December 2015.
Barclays is also under investigation over two fundraisings from Qatar investors in 2008. It said the UK's Serious Fraud Office has said it intends to make a decision on that "shortly" but refused to comment further.
Barclays said the redemption of US$1.375bn of US preference shares in the first quarter would save it US$98m a year. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed their plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride.
SEATTLE – One person was trapped in a car before being extricated after crashing a car into a house in the University District, Seattle police said.
A natural-gas line was also hit in the collision, which happened at a home at 9th Ave. N.E. and N.E. 53rd St. Puget Sound Energy also responded to the scene because the gas line was involved.
Police said medics were assessing the driver's condition.
There were no more details immediately available, but police said an update was forthcoming.
How to stop teens from texting while driving? Try money
How to stop teens from texting while driving? Try money Apr 24
Rita Giordano is a health and science reporter. They write about pediatrics and issues involving children and youth.
Fourth-grade teacher Alicia Montague-Keels helps Amir Goldston (right), 10, during a class math assignment at Camden Prep Academy, the old Bonsall Elementary School, on Wednesday, September 21, 2016.
Advocates who fought to allow Camden voters to decide what kind of school board their district will have won a significant victory Tuesday from a state appeals court panel.
The ruling from a three-judge panel of Superior Court's Appellate Division will allow Camden residents to decide whether their school board will be comprised of members elected by city voters or remain — as presently — a board appointed by the mayor that only serves in an advisory capacity.
Camden Mayor Frank Moran could not be reached for comment.
The panel, however, also said the board — whatever its composition — will continue serve in a strictly advisory role while the school district still operates under state control. The district was placed under full state oversight in 2013. In prior years, the school board was a combination of state and mayoral appointees and members elected by the voters.
Tuesday's decision reverses a local trial court's 2016 dismissal of a lawsuit brought by the advocates. The Appellate Division ordered the trial court to hold a hearing within 30 days to set a date for a public vote on what type of board, whether elected or appointed, the district will have.
The case to allow the public to decide the type of board attached to the Camden City School District was brought by city residents and their advocates, including the Camden County NAACP's education committee. Their representatives could not be reached Tuesday.
Camden Schools Superintendent Paymon Rouhanifard, who is stepping down at the end of this school year, has led the district for the past five years as a state appointee. Rouhanifard, who was hired by former Gov. Chris Christie, has said they supported the district's eventual return to local control. They could not be reached for comment late Tuesday.
In a written statement, Camden school district officials said they respected the court's decision.
“Whether working alongside an elected advisory board, or one appointed by the mayor,” said the statement, “our focus remains on dramatically raising achievement for our students in Camden schools while improving the system, processes, and administrative structures that will prepare the district for a successful return to local control.”
The panel, as part of its decision, also rejected the trial judge's opinion that the advocates waited too long to file their case.
The judges wrote that “given the important public question at issue in this case — involving citizens' right to vote — it was an error not to expand the statute of limitation.”
The struggling district has 6,800 K-12 students in 18 schools. In addition, some 3,850 students attend renaissance schools run by KIPP, Mastery, and Uncommon Schools, and another 4,350 students attend charter schools in the city.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The luxury home market in Ahwatukee got another shot in the arm for the second consecutive m…
JUST because the law is routinely violated is no excuse for inaction when illegality is spotted, Auditor-general Odysseas Michaelides said on Tuesday, referring to Finance minister Harris Georgiades' attempt to justify Savia Orphanidou's status as both civil servant and party official.
Orphanidou is a ruling Disy official and Finance ministry employee, and was recently appointed to the European Investment Bank.
When Michaelides first broached the issue last month, they had argued that Orphanidou may have been violating the law by holding posts in a political party – they are a member of Disy's political bureau – and the public service, without the legally-required permission of the Public Service Commission.
By law, such permission is required for all civil servants, over the A7 pay-scale, wishing to hold senior offices in political parties.
In a letter to Georgiades, the auditor-general, who had cited a complaint filed by Akel MP Irene Charalambidou, asked the finance minister to launch a disciplinary probe into Orphanidou's actions, and also explain how they came to be selected for appointment to the EIB in January, a move widely regarded as being politically-driven.
Georgiades had replied that Orphanidou had been in no conflict because their election to the party's political bureau had preceded the 2015 law that made PSC permission for political and public-service office mandatory.
On a political talk-show last Thursday, Georgiades returned to the issue, arguing that their targeting was “unfair” and “suspect”.
They blamed Disy's leadership for not doing enough to protect them from vilification.
“What I can clearly say now is that I will not accept the targeting of a civil servant just because an opposition MP requested the auditor-general to do so, much less when instances of civil servants routinely participating in parties' bodies abound,” they told state broadcaster CyBC.
They made the argument that Orphanidou was hardly the only civil servant who holds a party post.
Georgiades said they have ordered an administrative probe, which will be on their desk “next week”.
In a statement on Tuesday, Michaelides rejected the finance minister's arguments, saying that, per the 2015 law, PSC permission for civil servants to hold party posts may only be granted if “the duties of their post in public service are not, in any way, compromised or affected by holding the relevant office in a political party”.
In any case, however, the law prior to 2015 only allowed civil servants to be “mere members of a political party, not hold senior posts”.
Further, the auditor-general said, the finance minister is “obliged” to launch a disciplinary probe against employees at their ministry who may have violated the law, and inform other ministers accordingly if they become aware of employees of other ministries doing so.
“We stress the word ‘obliged', because it has been reaffirmed in several legal opinions by the Attorney-general,” Michaelides said.
There is no equality in illegality, Michaelides said, therefore “the minister's reference to civil servants who hold office in political parties “parading television and radio shows on a daily basis is no argument for tolerating such behaviour from the civil servant in question”.
“No one is allowed to intervene in favour of any civil servant,” Michaelides noted.
“It is well-known that interfering either in favour or against anyone in connection with disciplinary proceedings is an illegal act. Even though it is redundant, we must remind that members of political parties may not be considered above the law.”
April 28 Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc
* Eptinezumab emerging clinical profile suggests migraine preventative benefit achieved as soon as 24-48 hours after single infusion
* Single administration of Eptinezumab showed safety profile similar to placebo; no serious adverse events deemed treatment related
* Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc announces presentation of positive data from phase 2b clinical trial evaluating eptinezumab for prevention of migraine Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MADISON, Wis. -- For athletes and weekend warriors alike, returning from a tendon injury too soon often ensures a trip right back to physical therapy. However, a new technology developed by University of Wisconsin-Madison engineers could one day help tell whether your tendons are ready for action.
A team of researchers led by UW-Madison mechanical engineering professor Darryl Thelen and graduate student Jack Martin has devised a new approach for noninvasively measuring tendon tension while a person is engaging in activities like walking or running.
This advance could provide new insights into the motor control and mechanics of human movement. It also could apply to fields ranging from orthopedics, rehabilitation, ergonomics and sports. The researchers described their approach in a paper published today (April 23, 2018) in the journal Nature Communications.
Muscles generate movement at joints by pulling on tendons, which are bands of tissue that connect muscles to the skeleton. But assessing the forces transmitted by tendons inside the body of a living person is tricky.
"Currently, wearables can measure our movement, but do not provide information on the muscle forces that generate the movement," says Thelen, whose work is supported by the National Institutes of Health.
To overcome this challenge, Thelen and their collaborators developed a simple, noninvasive device that can be easily mounted on the skin over a tendon. The device enables the researchers to assess tendon force by looking at how the vibrational characteristics of the tendon change when it undergoes loading, as it does during movement.
This phenomenon is similar to a guitar string, where the tension in the string changes the vibrational response. When a guitar string is plucked, the speed of the wave traveling along the string, and thus the vibration frequency, is related to the tension, or force, applied to the string.
"We've found a way to measure the vibrational characteristics -- in this case, the speed of a shear wave traveling along a tendon -- and then we went further and determined how we can interpret this measurement to find the tensile stress within the tendon," Thelen says.
The new system for measuring wave speed is portable and relatively inexpensive. It includes a mechanical device that lightly taps the tendon 50 times per second. Each tap initiates a wave in the tendon, and two miniature accelerometers determine how quickly it travels.
The researchers have used the device to measure forces on the Achilles tendon, as well as the patellar and hamstring tendons. In each case, they can measure what happens in the tendon when users modify their gait -- for example, by changing step length or speed.
By measuring how muscles and tendons behave within the human body, this system could eventually enable clinicians to plan more effective treatments for patients suffering from musculoskeletal diseases and injuries.
"We think the potential of this new technology is high, both from a basic science standpoint and for clinical applications," Thelen says. "For example, tendon force measures could be used to guide treatments of individuals with gait disorders. It may also be useful to objectively assess when a repaired tendon is sufficiently healed to function normally and allow a person to return to activity."
###
The technology is being patented through the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation.
This research was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health (AG051748 and HD092697) and a graduate research fellowship from the National Science Foundation.
CONTACT: Darryl Thelen, dgthelen@wisc.edu, 608-262-1902; Jack Martin, jamartin8@wisc.edu
Capsule preview for the NBA Finals between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors:
___
NBA FINALS
No. 4 CLEVELAND CAVALIERS (50-32, 12-6) vs. No. 2 GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS (58-24, 12-5)
Season series: Warriors, 2-0.
Story line: The fourth consecutive Cavaliers-Warriors matchup in the NBA Finals, the eighth straight trip to the title series for Cleveland star LeBron James, and once again it's Golden State that arrives as the overwhelming favorite. Both teams needed to survive Game 7s on the road to win their conference championships, winning those clinchers in shorthanded fashion — no Andre Iguodala for Golden State, no Kevin Love for Cleveland. James will either become the 39th player with four NBA championships, or the third to lose the title series six times.
How They Got Here: Cleveland beat No. 5 Indiana 4-3, No. 1 Toronto 4-0 and No. 2 Boston 4-3 for the Eastern Conference title. Golden State beat No. 7 San Antonio 4-1, No. 6 New Orleans 4-1 and No. 1 Houston 4-3 for the Western Conference title.
Key Matchup: Golden State's Klay Thompson vs. Cleveland's J.R. Smith. It's safe to expect James, Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant to be spectacular in this series. The Warriors have more firepower than the Cavs, but they're only great when firing on all cylinders. Smith needs to take every last bit of available space away from the ultra-quick-releasing Thompson and not let them get shots off. Should they succeed, that's a big edge for the Cavs.
How the Cavaliers can win: James being spectacular is a prerequisite, and Cleveland needs to bring the same defensive effort that carried the Cavs in the Game 7 win at Boston. From there, Cleveland needs to do what Houston did against Golden State — force turnovers and attack the offensive glass.
How the Warriors can win: Take care of the basketball. Do that, and they will be fine. Don't do that, and they're asking for trouble.
Prediction: Warriors in 5.
___
Compiled by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Comments
comments
Taraji P. Henson's dog of 16 years has died.
The 47-year-old actor has been left heartbroken after their beloved pet pooch Uncle Willie - who is believed to be a Yorkshire Terrier and Maltese cross breed - sadly lost their lives on Thursday (05.10.17) following a long, happy and healthy life for them
Taking to their Instagram account, the 'Empire' star uploaded a photograph of their furry friend alongside the caption: "Although I understand NOTHING lasts forever the pain is still very real. #RipUncleWillie They made it 16 long years. They truly are #BenjaminButton I will miss you soooooooooo much!!! (sic)."
The brunette beauty then shared a series of collages - featuring them and their canine having a cuddle - made by their fans and thanked them for their sweet messages.
The 'No Good Deed' star then dug through their archive to find a picture of them and Uncle Willie posing in an anti-animal abuse campaign for the animal rights organisation PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) back in 2013.
Speaking at the time, they said: "Dogs, to me, are like children. They are the closest thing to God. They are so pure in their love, and all they do is aim to please."
This isn't the first time Taraji has shown just how much they love animals either, as they previously stripped completely named for an anti-fur advert for the organisation.
They said of their campaign: "We're not just even talking about a full-length fur coat.
"I'm talking about just, like, fur on your gloves or on your jacket or--what goes into making that little piece of fur ripped my heart out."
Meanwhile, it's not known whether Taraji will get another dog to replace Uncle Willie.
Dépaysement (2017)
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement' is the sound of being somewhere far, far away from home. It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you're doing.
The Senators were left with broken hearts on Valentine's Day — and nobody felt it harder than Bobby Ryan.
On a night the Senators winger served notice their heart is still in the game despite being used in a third-line role, their solid two-point effort wasn't enough as Ottawa dropped a 3-2 decision to old friend Robin Lehner and the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday night in front of 16,832 at the Canadian Tire Centre.
Trying to move within four points of the Montreal Canadiens for first place in the Atlantic Division, the Senators will look at this as a missed opportunity for a big two points as only Dion Phaneuf and Ryan were able to beat Lehner, who had 39 stops to move their record to 4-0-2 versus their old teammates.
The Sabres' Justin Bailey, Matt Moulson and Ryan O'Reilly were able to beat goaltender Craig Anderson. Buffalo handed the Senators their first loss in the eight games they have played in the club's 25-year history on Valentine's Day.
The Sabres scored two unanswered goals in the third period. It's just the third time in 21 games the Senators have led going into the final frame that they haven't been able to come away with the victory.
Bailey tipped a Jake McCabe shot from the point by Anderson at 7:38 to give the Sabres a 3-2 lead — that turned out to be the winner. Buffalo got back into the game when Matt Moulson pushed home a loose puck only 51 seconds into the period to tie it up.
With a 1-3-0 record against the Sabres this season going into this one, Guy Boucher talked to their team a lot about going to the net. Yes, Lehner had a strong record against the Senators coming into this game, but the coaching staff didn't feel the players had done enough to make life tough for him.
“We haven't played our best against that team,” said Boucher before the game. “We haven't been at our best for and every game has been a different story. I don't know if there's a general trend except that we haven't done a very good job in front of the goaltender.”
Still, Ottawa did a good job in that area through two periods, but let Buffalo off the hook in the third.
You knew this was going to be tight, so it was no surprise it was a one-goal game through 40 minutes, but Lehner was the only reason. The Senators were ahead 2-1 and you've got to give them credit because they gave the Sabres absolutely everything they could handle in their own zone in the second.
The Senators outshot Buffalo by a 16-7 count and Lehner had no choice but to stand tall because they aren't getting any support. The Senators drove the net hard, got in Lehner's face and tried to make sure they didn't see the puck. At one point, it didn't even look like Buffalo could keep up.
“We seemed to take it over the last 15 minutes,” Phaneuf told TSN after the second. “Really, it was our forwards getting pucks on net and paying the price. It's not an easy thing to do and they're doing a good job.”
The Senators pulled out to a 2-1 lead on the strength of Phaneuf's eighth of the season at 14:33 of the second as Ottawa pushed hard to put pressure on the Sabres. While Lehner made the initial save on a shot by Ryan, Phaneuf went to the net to put home the juicy rebound.
“Bobby gets off a quick shot, it just (sat) there for a quick second, (Lehner) had trouble picking it up and I was there to poke it in,” said Phaneuf. “It feels good to be able to get it, but Bobby makes a good shot for us.”
The Senators and Sabres were tied 1-1 after the first period. The shots were 10-10. Both teams had good chances with Anderson and Lehner forced to step up to make stops.
Ryan's 12th of the season at 14:45 opened the scoring. They deflected a shot from captain Erik Karlsson through Lehner's five-hole to tie it up.
Earlier, Lehner had made a point-blank stop on Mike Hoffman in alone.
This certainly didn't get started the way the Senators would have liked.
The Senators face the New Jersey Devils Thursday night at the Prudential Center to open a stretch that will see Ottawa play six of its next seven games on the road.
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter: @sungarrioch
With last week's release of Rise of the Tomb Raider on Linux ported by Feral Interactive, when it came to Radeon GPU support for this Vulkan-only Linux game port the Mesa RADV driver was supported while the official AMDVLK driver would lead to GPU hangs . That's now been fixed.With the latest AMDVLK/XGL source code as of today, the GPU hang issue for Rise of the Tomb Raider should now be resolved.It's fixed by adding an application/game-specific workaround to the driver. It's checking for Rise of the Tomb Raider and then enabling the on-chip geometry shader support (-disable-gs-onchip=0) for its LLVM Pipeline Compiler.The workaround can be found here . At least with no more hangs expected, I'll work on delivering some RADV vs. AMDVLK benchmarks for this latest high profile Linux game port.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - An explosion damaged a UPS freight hub Wednesday morning in Kentucky's second-largest city, sending multiple people to the hospital in what fire officials described as an accidental blast.
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells said a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building, news outlets reported. The cause of the explosion was not yet known, but the blast wasn't suspicious.
"Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion," the fire department tweeted.
The building on Blue Sky Parkway sustained significant damage, which was visible in the back of the building. The facility had been evacuated and everyone was accounted for, fire officials said.
Eight people received medical attention following the blast, Wells said. Two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions, and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution, Wells said. Fire officials initially said about a dozen people received medical attention.
Lexington fire department spokesperson Jessica Bowman said the building's structural stability was being checked as part of an effort to determine what happened and how.
Businesses near the site reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT. Emergency crews rushed to the scene and restricted access to the area.
The blast was felt inside other buildings.
NASA revealed in March that after their year in space, astronaut Scott Kelly's DNA changed by a full 7%. But when we recently interviewed them for Business Insider's podcast "Success! How I Did It," they said the experience changed them personally, as well.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in their NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots they faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that they snapped past Greiss.
LIGHTNING 5, PANTHERS 3
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in their return from a right knee injury and Tampa Bay beat Florida in their opener.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. They sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Roberto Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in their NHL coaching debut.
Elasto Painters head coach Caloy Garcia shoots down rumors of Raymond Almazan, Beau Belga, and Jericho Cruz demanding trades
Published 12:47 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Whether the issue regarding some Rain or Shine players asking to be traded is true or not, Elasto Painters head coach Caloy Garcia made it clear that to be traded, one must perform well.
"Sabi ko nga sa kanila, we just have to be professional about it and put the effort because ang nagbabayad naman talaga sa salary nila is 'yung owners and that's the only way that we can repay them," said Garcia during the post-game presser of Rain or Shine's 90-84 win over the Meralco Bolts on Friday, February 2.
(I told them that we just have to be professional about it and put the effort because the ones who pay their salary are the team owners, and that's the only way we can repay them.)
"Mahirap naman i-trade 'yung player na hindi mo rin makukuha 'yung gusto mo. The only way you can be traded is if you play good, because if you play good, you can get something na maganda kapalit."
(It is hard to trade a player if you cannot get what you want in return. The only way a player can be traded is if you play good, because if you play good, the team can get something good in return.)
Garcia shot down rumors that Raymond Almazan, Beau Belga, and Jericho Cruz, contrary to earlier reports, are demanding trades, although they believe that Cruz wants to reunite with former coach Yeng Guiao, who is now the tactician of the NLEX Road Warriors.
"Good terms kami ni Raymond. Si Beau, matagal na yang isyu na 'yan, years ago pa 'yan." (Raymond and I are in good terms. About Beau, that issue goes years back.)
"Si Jericho naman, they really wants, I think, to go back to coach Yeng, which is, sabi ko 'This is a job, you have to love your job, you have to play hard,'" Garcia added. (Jericho really wants, I think, to go back to coach Yeng. I told him, "This is a job, you have to love your job, you have to play hard.")
Trade rumors aside, Garcia is glad to see their guys step up as Rain or Shine remained at the upper echelon of the league, tying the TNT KaTropa at 4th place with a 4-3 card.
The E-Painters will try to extend their winning streak to 3 in a row as they face top seed Magnolia Hotshots on February 10.
"I just have to think more of the team rather than who we play against. Kung maganda naman ang samahan namin, maganda rin 'yung kalabasan," Garcia said. (I just have to think more of the team rather than who we play against. If we bond well, we also play well.) – Rappler.com
FARMINGTON HILLS (WWJ) – Someone is apparently using a photo of a missing 28-year-old Farmington Hills woman on a dating app.
A metro Detroiter on Monday shared a Facebook post from a male friend who found a much-circulated photo of Danielle Stislicki as they were browsing profiles on the app. Using the screen name “Looking3thcat,” whoever is using the missing woman's photo claims to be 22 years old and living in Indiana.
Stislicki's mother, Ann Stislicki, said this is clearly a case of someone posing as their daughter.
“Oh gosh; it's not her, no it's not,” they told WWJ Newsradio 950. “It's someone unfortunately who's tapping into unfortunate circumstances.”
It's a high-profile case; and, with so many photos of their daughter out there, Ann Stislicki said the family has been concerned that issues like this might arise.”It's an unfortunate incident that we will need to address,” they added. “It's sad.”
Farmington Hills Police Commander Matt Koehn said that they will be looking into this; at least attempting to locate and contact the culprit. Although Koehn said he's not sure that use of the photo amounts to criminal activity, police at very least would ask the person to take it down.
“It certainly muddies the waters,” as the investigation remains open and ongoing, Koehn said.
Danielle Stislicki was last seen as they left their job at MetLife in Southfield on Dec. 2, 2016. It's believed Stislicki, who went by “Dani,” planned to meet up with a friend for dinner that night — but they never showed up.
Them Jeep was found a day later, parked outside their home at the Independence Green apartments in the area of Halsted and Grand River. The vehicle was locked, police said, and Stislicki's purse — along with their ID and credit cards — was found inside.
Although police found no signs of a struggle, Ann Stislicki said has said they suspect that their daughter was abducted.
Asked Monday whether they believe their daughter could still be alive, Ann Stislicki did not seem to hold out any hope.
“Based on the circumstance and working with people and the police and what was found…I would agree with what police have put out to the public,” they said.
Farmington Hills Police have said more than 100 law enforcement officers, evidence technicians, and lab personnel have been diligently working on the Stislicki case. More than 60 search warrants have been served and hundreds of pieces of potential evidence have been collected and processed.
However, although Floyd Galloway of Berkley — called a person of interest in Danielle Stislicki's death — has been charged in an attack on a jogger in Livonia's Hines Park, no one has been charged in the Stislicki case.
Police searched that park last month for any sign of the missing woman's body. They're asking the public to keep their eyes peeled for suspicious items — such as a suitcase that could contain them remains.
Anyone with information about this case can leave an anonymous tip at 248-871-2610.
A man has been charged with burglary and resisting arrest in connection with an incident in Bulwell.
Nottinghamshire Police received a report of a burglary at a property in Piccadilly at about 3.46am yesterday, Sunday, December 10.
Officers arrested a man following a foot pursuit.
A police spokesperson said: “Mitchell Musson, 25, of no fixed address, has been charged with burglary and resisting arrest. They have been bailed to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 9 2018.”
CRAIG Williams compared Kinky Boom to last year's Blue Diamond Stakes winner Catchy after their spectacular debut victory in the $250,000 Inglis Premier (1200m) at Caulfield on Saturday.
Kinky Boom didn't begin well and was a clear last in the early stages, but the filly finished over the top of their rivals to win pulling up.
THE WINX DEBATE: Them CHASE FOR IMMORTALITY
Williams, who won last year's Blue Diamond on Catchy, described Kinky Boom's win “as quite special”. And they believe they could win the Group 1 Blue Diamond on February 24.
“The acceleration they showed to put them away ... and then they were soft on the line. She's an exciting filly,” Williams said.
“She's a major contender for the Blue Diamond. Like Catchy last year, they showed they can come from off the speed and use them acceleration.”
Camera Icon Craig Williams was full of praise for Kinky Boom after their debut win. Picture: Getty Images
Kinky Boom firmed from $17 to $8 for the Blue Diamond Stakes on February 24. Long Leaf is the favourite at $7 with TAB.
Trainer Tony McEvoy could have five Blue Diamond runners as they said Run Naan and Kinky Boom were assured of a start and they were trying to get Oohood, Friday night's Moonee Valley winner Sanctominious and Al Naifa into the race.
McEvoy said Kinky Boom showed their toughness by winning after having had a tough week in the lead-up to their debut.
“I'm not proud of what I've put them through,” McEvoy said.
McEvoy was referring to trialling them at Morphettville last Monday, where they won by eight and a half lengths, floating them to Melbourne on Thursday and then running them on Saturday.
McEvoy said they thought the filly couldn't win after they were slow to begin and settled last.
“I didn't expect them to be last,” they said. “I thought not today but they showed the class of the horse and the rider as they came through the field. They were very impressive.”
McEvoy said Kinky Boom would now go straight into the Blue Diamond Stakes without another run.
Camera Icon Trainer Tony McEvoy could have up five runners in the Blue Diamond, including Kinky Boom after their win in the Inglis Premier. Picture: AAP
Kinky Boom ($3.70) defeated Grand Symphony ($41) by a length and three quarters with Aristocratic Miss ($4.60) a half length away third.
Lindsay Park also added to their Blue Diamond arsenal when filly Ennis Hill took out the Chairman's Stakes (1000m) at their second start. The stable already has Long Leaf and Qalifa in the race.
Co-trainer Ben Hayes wasn't surprised that Ennis Hill led throughout as they had rated them close to the top of their youngsters.
“What we were surprised by was their first start,” Hayes said. “We thought she'd do what they did today, but they didn't begin well.”
Hayes said Ennis Hill reminded them of Formality, who finished third in last year's Blue Diamond Stakes, and they would go straight into that race.
Them jockey, Stephen Baster, said Ennis Hill's win reeked of quality and they believed they would be able to handle the 1200m of the Blue Diamond Stakes.
Ennis Hill firmed from $26 to $17 for the Blue Diamond Stakes after their win.
TAB BETTING REVIEW
CAULFIELD
RACE ONE
Kinky Boom ($2.30-$3.60) defied a late betting drift to score an easy win in the Inglis Premier (1200 metres). Settling back last in the field of seven, jockey Craig Williams stuck to the inside to make up ground before peeling out three-wide in the straight. The daughter of Spirit Of Boom sprinted hard to win easily over Grand Symphony ($34) and Aristocratic Miss ($4.60). While Kinky Boom was the best supported runner in terms of money held, accounting for nearly half of all bets, Messerschmitt ($4.60-$3.60) was the big firmer late in betting. After sitting behind the leader, it failed to run on.
BETS: Kinky Boom $2,750 @ $3.50, $3,000 @ $2.30, Messerschmitt $1,000 @ $4, $1,000 @ $3.90, $1,500 @ $3.70
RACE TWO
Ennis Hill led throughout to win the Chairman's Stakes. One of the better supported runners in terms of money held, the Stephen Baster-ridden runner was $4.80 out to as much as $6 before coming in late to $5.50. The popular elect, Encryption, was $3.70-$3.20 and made up good ground down the centre of the track for second in front of Prairie Fire ($19). Of the others, Logan River ($6.50-$4) was a significant firmer while Sunset Watch, the initial $3.60 favourite back on Thursday, blew out to $5.50.
BETS: Ennis Hill $1,000 @ $6, Encryption $3,000 @ $3.50, $2,000 @ $3.20
RACE THREE
Paris Rock ($2.90-$3.50) defied the late drift to get the money in the Ian Miller Handicap (1400 metres). Most of the money here came for the Darren Weir-trained Twitchy Frank ($2.70) which went around with well over half of all bets on the race. Earth Angel ($6.50) ran on well to grab second while Lucky Cat ($5.50) filled the minor end of the prize in front of the early leader, Memory Bank ($10).
BETS: Twitchy Frank $5,000 @ $2.50
RACE FOUR
N/A
RACE FIVE
Punters were on the mark here when Eurack beat Handsome Thief home. TAB initially went up $5 about Eurack on Wednesday with money coming for the Nathan McPherson-trained runner almost immediately. With $3.40 still on offer this morning, it bottomed out at $2.30 before jumping as a $2.70 chance. Leading throughout for Ben Melham, the daughter of Oneworld maintained their unbeaten record over the fast-finishing Handsome Thief ($4.40-$3.20). Eurack was the best backed runner in the race and held slightly more money than Handsome Thief. Between the pair they commanded 75 percent of the total investment.
BETS: Eurack $8,000 @ $2.90, $10,000 @ $2.80, $5,000 @ $2.40, Handsome Thief $3,000 @ $3.80, $5,500 @ $3.10, $2,000 @ $3 MULTIPLE TIMES
RACE SIX
One of the best supported runners all day was rolled in the W.J Adams Stakes (1000 metres).
TAB customers backed Snitty Kitty almost to the exclusion of any other runner, with their price ranging from $1.85 in the morning into as low as $1.55. Leading and dictating terms, the Henry Dwyer-trained runner had their rivals beaten until rank outsider Lady Esprit ($26-$51) came from the back of the field to knock it off in the shadows of the post. Nasdex ($4) grabbed the minor end of the prize. Money for Snitty Kitty in the race accounted for three-quarters of the market. Of the others, Crystal Dreamer ($8-$7) had admirers late while Thermal Current ($7.50-$2.30) went out the gate.
BETS: Snitty Kitty $7,000 @ $1.80, $28,000 @ $1.75, $6,000 @ $1.70, $5,000 @ $1.75
RACE SEVEN
Bedford was confidently backed throughout the day and landed the cash in the Mal Seccull Handicap (2000 metres). Coming with a sweeping run, Bedford ($$2.30-$2.15) nailed O'Lonera ($7.50-$17) right on the line after the latter had stuck to the inside turning for home. Archery Peak ($51) filled third while the best backed runner to beat the favourite, Willi Willi ($3.40-$2.70-$3) failed to run a place.
BETS: Bedford $25,000 @ $2.15
RACE EIGHT
Cliff's Edge ($7) caused a minor upset when following the rails all the way home in the Manfred Stakes (1200 metres). TAB went up as much as $11 on Wednesday and the colt attracted good investments right throughout the week, however, Bravo Tango ($3-$2.90-$3.30) was hammered throughout the day to the point where it was responsible for 40 percent of the market. While Cliff's Edge was able to finish best, Overshare ($12) did well to run second after a wide run with Muraaqeb ($6) grabbing third. Bravo Tango never got into the race after sitting in the second half of the field.
BETS: Cliff's Edge $2,000 e/w @ $7/$2.20, Brave Tango $5,000 @ $2.80 TWICE
RACE NINE
Manolo Blahniq was crunched in the final five minutes of betting in the John Moule Handicap (1400 metres). The Tony Noonan-trained runner was $6 into $4 very late in the market and a gem of a ride by Ben Allen, who had the gelding three-back the inside, landed the cash after they found clear running on straightening. Finishing powerfully down the centre of the track, Manolo Blahniq easily accounted for Glenrowan Prince ($26) and Chippenham ($10). The big disappointments here were Malaise ($6.50-$4.20), which accounted for over 40 percent of all bets, and Trogir ($5) who was the subject of a number of big bets.
BETS: Manolo Blahniq $2,000 @ $6, $1,000 @ $6, $1,000 @ $5, $2,000 @ $4.80 TWICE, Trogir $4,000 @ $5, $10,000 @ $4.50
FEATURE RACE MOVERS
GOLDEN SLIPPER
Fiesta $51-$17 (after winning Widden Stakes)
Kinky Boom $101-$35 (after winning Inglis Premier)
Stratosphere $51-$21
Ennis Hill $101-$51 (after winning Chairman's Stakes)
BET OF NOTE : $2,000 @ $26 on Satin Slipper taken this morning
BLUE DIAMOND
Kinky Boom $17-$9 (after winning Inglis Premier)
Ennis Hill $26-$17 (after winning Chairman's Stakes)
DONCASTER MILE
Trapeze Artist $26-$15 (after winning Expressway)
Cliff's Edge $26-$15 (after winning Manfred Stakes)
Don't Give A Damn $101-$51-$26 (after winning r9 @ Rosehill)
BET OF NOTE : $3,000 @ $15 on Kaonic taken early this morning
AUSTRALIAN GUINEAS
Cliff's Edge $8-$5 favourite (after winning Manfred Stakes)
Muraaqeb $26-$13
Brave Tango $8-$13
FULL MARKETS: TAB FIXED ODDS
Share. From NES to all the way to Switch. From NES to all the way to Switch.
IGN is thrilled to premiere its new video series Every Ever with a look at Nintendo's incredible history as a console manufacturer.
With our encyclopedic series Every Ever, we take a deep dive into the most iconic games, characters, and franchises in all gaming, and break them down with expert analysis.
In the first episode, we take a look at how—from the original NES all the way to Switch—Nintendo has revolutionized the console space time and time again. Watch it below:
Every Ever is one of many new IGN shows debuting this fall on Facebook's new "Watch" platform. In addition to our new series IGN's Expert Mode, check out the first episode of Next Big Game for the lowdown on Super Mario Odyssey, and stay tuned for more series to come, including Cosplay Makeover, IGN Brick Battles, and more!
Be sure to follow Every Ever on Facebook to keep up with all the latest episodes as they are released.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. Find them on Twitter at @alexcosborn.
A A
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — The astonishing assassination of North Korea leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother rippled across Asia on Wednesday as Malaysian investigators scoured airport surveillance video for clues about the two female assailants and rival South Korea offered up a single, shaky motive: paranoia.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, was targeted Monday in a shopping concourse at Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official. They had not yet gone through security.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers before they died that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim Jong Nam. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitely say that it was North Korea, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed-door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged “paranoia” about their half-brother. Still, the NIS has a history of botching intelligence on the North and has long sought to portray the North's leaders as mentally unstable.
In Malaysia, police were searching for clues in the CCTV footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor near Kuala Lumpur.
Kim Jong Nam was estranged from their younger brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their dictator father, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970. “Investigation is in progress and a post mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death,” the statement said.
Ken Gause, at the CNA think tank in Washington who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam has traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their brother.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analyzing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said Tuesday.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation,” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other “questionable incidents” had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for their son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying they had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before they resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
___
Online: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http://twitter.com/vmsalama
Robert Spitzer, chairperson of the political science department at SUNY Cortland, who watches the gun industry closely, said they were surprised.
Still, they said, "it's a pretty small concession in the realm of gun stuff. We're not talking about banning assault weapons here. It's a very specific accessory."
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It was created ostensibly to help people with disabilities more easily fire AK- and AR-platform long guns.
The device causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly "bumping" the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is "spraying" bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
The stocks have been around for less than a decade. Many Capitol Hill Republicans said this week they had never even heard of them before the shooting in Las Vegas. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms during the Obama administration gave its seal of approval to their sale in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law.
Now, some Republicans appear inclined to blame the Obama administration for allowing their use in the first place.
"We have to get more education on what they are," Ryan said. "Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some years ago?"
The issue of bump stocks came up aboard Air Force One as President Donald Trump travelled back from visiting Las Vegas on Wednesday, according to GOP Rep. Mark Amodei of Nevada, who was on board and said Trump sounded open to a change.
But Democrats insisted that a regulatory change by the ATF would not be sufficient.
"Federal regulations won't be able to fully close this loophole," said Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, who introduced a bill this week to ban the devices. "Legislation would make crystal clear that Congress is banning all devices that allow a weapon to achieve an automatic rate of fire, regardless of how a weapon is altered."
It was uncertain whether Congress would go that far.
At the same time, the attention on the devices was already causing an industry response. Slide Fire, the leading maker of bump stocks, suspended sales of the items. In a post on its website, the company said it was not taking any new orders "to provide the best service with those already placed."
___
Associated Press writer Lisa Marie Pane contributed from Atlanta.
By Erica Werner, The Associated Press
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
April 5 Wageworks Inc:
* On April 4 co entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement by and among co, guarantors & lenders - sec filing
* Credit agreement amends and restates company's existing amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of june 5, 2015
* Credit agreement provides for a $400.0 million revolving credit facility, with a $15.0 million letter of credit subfacility
* Wageworks-Credit agreement has increase option for co to arrange with existing lenders &/or new lenders to provide up to $100.0 million in additional commitments Source text (bit.ly/2na3ODg) Further company coverage:
Bala Cynwyd business person claimed $378M in revenues; FBI said it was $2M and the feds charged them with fraud
Bala Cynwyd business person claimed $378M in revenues; FBI said it was $2M and the feds charged them with fraud Mar 16
I write about the business side of health care, higher education, and the broader nonprofit sector, with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries.
Wills Eye Hospital has taken its fight over qualifying as a hospital under Medicare to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.
Wills Eye Hospital on Monday took its fight for certification as a hospital under Medicare rules to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.
U.S. District Judge Eduardo C. Robreno had ruled in January that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services was within its rights when it decided in 2013 that Wills did not provide enough inpatient care to qualify as a hospital. The appeal challenges that ruling.
Qualifying as a hospital would allow Wills to get paid more by Medicare. Plus, its current status as an ambulatory surgery center prevents it from performing certain complex procedures at its Ninth and Walnut Street facility in Center City.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
× Here's Your List of 2017 Tax Day Deals
If you're stressed out about Tax Day and getting everything filed on time, we can at least look forward to plenty of deals from retailers and restaurants!
Offers.com has complied this list of the best Tax Day deals:
Offers are subject to change, call ahead to see if the store nearest you is participating.
Food and Drink Offers
Kona Ice – Grab a free tropical shaved ice cone on April 18. Kona Ice will have their trucks parked outside post offices, tax preparation centers, and businesses all over the country.
– Grab a free tropical shaved ice cone on April 18. Kona Ice will have their trucks parked outside post offices, tax preparation centers, and businesses all over the country. Logan's Roadhouse – Buy one, get one free entree.
– Buy one, get one free entree. McDonald's – Call your local McDonald's to find out what Tax Day deals are being offered. Deals may include: Buy one, get one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with cheese for $0.01, $0.15, or $0.25. Free small French fries. Hamburger for $0.59.
– Call your local McDonald's to find out what Tax Day deals are being offered. Deals may include:
Tony Roma's – If you are a member of the Tony Roma Email Club, look for a coupon for a free dessert in your inbox.
Retail Offers
Travel & Service Offers
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, ages 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared when they went exploring after a soccer game June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts say could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience with scuba gear.
Thai media reported the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," they said.
They added if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, they can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October.
It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys are taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera.
In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai."
A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team. Experts have said that looking after the boys' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children.
"It's like they have been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. They said she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. In that incident, all 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010. The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
RUSTON – Louisiana Tech will jump head first into Conference USA play this weekend when the Bulldogs travel to take on UAB on the road this Saturday, Oct. 7 in Birmingham. The game is set to kick off at 3 p.m. CT Saturday at Legion Field in Birmingham. The game will be streamed on CUSA.TV for subscribers, while fans can also tune in to the radio broadcast on the LA Tech Sports Network on KXKZ-FM (107.5). Fans can also access audio from LA Tech's radio broadcast for free through the LA Tech Mobile X app or the Red Peach Media app. Louisiana Tech enters the league matchup with a 3-2 overall record and a 1-0 mark in Conference USA play after a 23-22 road win over WKU on Sept. 16. UAB is coming off a bye week after a tough 46-43 road loss at North Texas on Sept. 23. The Blazers are 2-2 overall on the season and 0-1 in C-USA games. “You go into week six and this is kind of where the line in the sand was drawn where we needed to get through the first five games of the year and now we get into conference play,” head coach Skip Holtz said. “This is kind of the start of a whole new season for us. Hopefully the lessons we have learned in the first five games are going to be able to help catapult us forward because we are going to need every one of those maturing moments as we move into conference play.” The game on Saturday will mark the sixth meeting all-time between Louisiana Tech and UAB and the first since 2014 when it was announced the Blazers football program was being dropped. The Bulldogs lead the all-time series over UAB with a perfect 5-0 record against the Blazers, including three wins on the road in Birmingham. In 2014, LA Tech traveled to Legion Field and came back with a 40-24 victory over UAB.
Related
Comments
comments
“A Reddit post over the weekend has drawn a flurry of interest after an iPhone 6s owner reported that a battery replacement significantly increased the device's performance running iOS 11,” Tim Hardwick writes for MacRumors. “The ensuing discussion thread, also picked up by readers in the MacRumors forum, has led to speculation that Apple intentionally slows down older phones to retain a full day's charge if the battery has degraded over time. ”
“Reports that the performance of iPhone 6 series models can be improved by replacing the battery aren't entirely new, but the suggestion that Apple is intentionally throttling the performance of older devices, for whatever reason, is bound to cause controversy,” Hardwick writes. “We've contacted Apple for comment or clarification. ”
Hardwick writes, “In the meantime, users interested in checking their phone's performance are also using the free CpuDasherX app to compare running clock speeds (a factory iPhone 6s comes in at 1,848MHz, for example).”
Read more in the full article here.
World Boxing Council (WBC) Muay Thai and World Kickboxing Boxing Federation (WKBF) super welterweight champion, Alhassan Okoe Okine arrived in Ghana on Friday to a rousing welcome.
The Dubai based kick boxer has six title belts in the sport that appears to have provided a number of Ghanaians a source of livelihood.
Their arrival coincided with preparation of the national kickboxing team training at the Pro Fighting Factory gym ahead of the African championship scheduled for Morocco this month.
Accompanied by a few family members and well wishers, the kickboxing champion acknowledged cheers from the fans who gathered to welcome them and in the process, bringing to halt activities at the arrival section of the Kotoka International Airport.
Briefing the media, Okoe Okine expressed gratitude to the fans for the support and described the sport as one that when supported will create a number of avenues to the youth in the country.
Having based in Dubai for the past 10 years, Okoe Okine has become a cult hero following their exploits in the ring.
But that, they explained, has also affected their fortunes as opponents now shy away from fights with him.
Consequently, Okoe is now contemplating combining fighting and coaching to impart their knowledge to new fighters emerging from Ghana.
Ahead of that, Okoe is concentrating on their preparation for the next WKBF title defense slated for either Australia or Thailand with an opponent yet to be named.
They called on government to provide infrastructure to develop and promote the sport which is fast gaining worldwide recognition and providing livelihood for the youth.
“Boxing has been flooded by the youth and has limited the opportunities available but the emergence of kickboxing has created a new platform for the youth to do something for themselves so I feel the state must do something about it.”
Mr Sammy Heywood Okine, a senior sports Journalist and Communications Director of the Ghana Kick Boxing Association told said the achievements of Alhassan Okine needs to be celebrated, having kept the flag of Ghana high for the past 11 years in Asia, specifically in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Mr Okine who doubles as the Online Editor of the Ghana Olympic Committee (GOC) sports personalities like Alhassan Okine should be held in high esteem and honoured.
BY ANDREW NORTEY
FA CUP FINAL referee Michael Oliver was humbled by messages of support after experiencing a “weird few days” in the aftermath of Juventus' controversial Champions League exit at the hands of Real Madrid.
The Durham official was the centre of attention after awarding a late penalty to the hosts in the second leg of the quarter-final tie at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Oliver's decision to blow for a foul by Medhi Benatia on Madrid substitute Lucas Vazquez led to a furious reaction from Juve goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who was sent off for their vociferous protestations.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored from the spot to send the holders through, with Oliver and their wife subsequently the target of death threats and social media abuse from upset fans.
“It was a weird few days. But it was nice that so many people, both within the game and outside the game, were keen to offer their support. It was quite humbling actually and it meant a lot,” they told the Football Association's official website.
I had people coming up to me in the street and people from inside the game were sending me messages of support. It's a nice thing to know I've got that backing.
The FA has handed Oliver the FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United on 19 May.
They will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, with Lee Mason the fourth official. Neil Swarbrick, meanwhile, will make history as the first video assistant referee at an FA Cup final.
“I was very proud and humbled to receive the phone call,” Oliver added.
“When you start out, taking charge of the Cup Final is not something you even think about. As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target but it's not a call you ever expect to take. This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.
“It's funny how things work out because the 1994 Final between Manchester United and Chelsea is the first one I remember watching. And now here I am taking charge of those two teams in an FA Cup Final 24 years later.”
- Omni
April 24 (UPI) -- An undisclosed Asian customer is set to receive Skyshield air defense systems from German defense contractor Rheinmetall.
The company said Monday in a press release that it will supply an "Asian nation" with advanced air defense technology in a deal worth more than $122 million in U.S. dollars.
The Skyshield air defense system is a short range, ground-based air defense that consists of two 35 mm revolver cannons that can sustain a rate of fire of 1,000 rounds per minute -- and also includes a fire control system with sensor unit, and two surface-to-air missile modules for a total of 16 missiles.
Rheinmetall said that work on the contract has already begun, but that delivery will occur over the next three years.
Additionally, Rheinmetall said it will provide the Asian customer with a "comprehensive logistics and service package," that includes "complete training for operators and maintenance personnel as well as technical assistance and live fire exercise support in the customer country."
The head of the Church of Cyprus on Friday voiced their support for incumbent Nicos Anastasiades in Sunday's presidential election, appearing certain that Stavros Malas had no chance of winning.
Archbishop Chrysostomos met with Anastasiades at the presidential palace.
Upon their arrival, they were asked about Malas' comment that if elected, they wouldn't be consulting with them on the appointment of the education minister.
“He won't be elected, why would I care if they ask me or not,” the outspoken archbishop said.
After the meeting, Chrysostomos said the Church supported Anastasiades for re-election, adding that they had had a wonderful co-operation throughout the past five years and it was going to continue on all issues, political, religious, cultural, and others.
“What we care about is the national issue,” they said. “We will be close to the president and will be briefed about the national issue and the president will listen to our views. This is why the church will support them in the election.”
Asked whether they were speaking for everyone in the church, the Archbishop said they were fully aware of what they were saying and always had the agreement of the synod.
AS If Channel Nine's hit reality show Married at First Sight wasn't tacky enough, it's now dispensed with any pretence of actually matching the “newlyweds” to be compatible.
It's all about amping up the grotesquerie for ratings.
With the excruciating pairing last week of Jo and Sean , who took one look at their bride as they walked up the aisle and said, “Oh shit”, the show has hit rock bottom.
Now in its fifth season, it's just trolling.
Sean, a 39-year-old bar manager from Adelaide who lives alone, goes from humble romantic to a taciturn, sweating wreck.
Jo, a 39-year-old single mother, also from Adelaide, is introduced in the first scene doing shots in a pub wearing devil horns and a veil while screeching and laughing at their own jokes.
“I'm foxy Jo Jo and I'm a whole LAHT of woman”. Cue hysterical laughter.
“Because I'm bigger than Ben Hur people don't know how to take me.”
The three matchmakers describe Jo as having a “big personality”.
In fact, the producers are playing a sly little game here. They go out of their way to associate the word “big” with Jo because their real goal is to fat-shame them while pretending to celebrate their lusty personality.
Of course they will deny that. But this is the cruel subplot that makes this particular coupling into water cooler dynamite.
It begins the moment Sean half turns, with an expectant smile, to sneak a peek at Jo as they walk down the aisle, an explosion of white taffeta froufrou on top of platform thongs with the word “Bride” picked out in diamantés.
Camera Icon Married at First Sight contestants Jo and Sean. Nine may pretend it's about finding love for couples, but it's actually just ritual humiliation. (Pic: supplied) Picture: Supplied
Their eyelashes shudder momentarily as they take in the full vision, and then they quickly turn away and mutters “Oh shit”. The blood drains from their face and they are never the same again.
The knockabout Aussie who described themselves as kind and said: “Dating apps are cutthroat and not very good for your self esteem. People are very very cruel in dating apps,” now finds themselves on the horns of a dilemma.
 They are shackled to this woman who makes their blood run cold for at least a month. They have to sleep in the “marital” bed and go on a honeymoon together to Singapore. The cringe-worthy expectation of the show is that the couples will have sex and then tell us how it all went.
Dear Jo lacks any self-awareness, which makes the show oddly compelling. They have a naive faith in the producers who are coldly manipulating the two of them behind the scenes for ratings as if they were a circus freak show.
But it is Jo's obliviousness to Sean's distaste for them that provides the pathos.
The louder and lewder they are the more they retreat.
She's a combination of Jane Austen's Lydia Bennet, and Muriel in Muriel's Wedding. There's a heart of gold in there somewhere. If only she'd shut UP.
After the wedding they are separately asked their first impressions.
“I don't think there's, like, there's not like a massive spark straight a away,” says Sean.
Jo, on the other hand, is ecstatic: “Bing bing bing bing bing! Winning! Jackpot! You won the lotto! … The experts were spot on.  They are for me, couldn't be any more perfect.”
Sean's best man divulges: “Jo's a little bit different to what Sean would normally go for in a girl but … she's a great girl. Great personality.”
No one says what they really think because they know what the problem is. Sean is a fattist.
It doesn't matter that Jo has a pretty face and lovely blue eyes, is plucky and generous, and would tone it down if he'd just give them a chance.
Camera Icon When your groom says “Oh shit” as you come down the aisle, it might be a sign you're being set up. (Pic: Supplied) Picture: Supplied
Sean is determined to be “awkies”, as they put it.
And now Jo is looking forward to the honeymoon. “I can't wait to get back to the room…
“You never know, the old sneaky massage oil might just come out and persuade them over. Buckle in, buddy, because you're in for a big ride,” they shriek. Bwahahaha.
And so ensues the most mortifying scene in the history of television: the bridal suite.
Jo stretches alluringly across the bed and tries to drink champagne sideways, with the inevitable cleavage spill while Sean hunches on a chair downing beers.
Jo tries to entice them by getting them to unlace the back of their wedding dress. They undo it half way and they say: “I need to take it off, like, I want to take my dress off.”
This hits them like a thunderclap. They reel back, a look of horror on their face. Their eyes roll up in their head as if he's about to collapse. But then blessed relief as they toddle away, still clothed: “I need to pee”.
Of course there's a nosy producer prodding a terrified Sean about when he's going to consummate the marriage.
Out comes a jumble of incoherence.
“Um, sexually I'm not ahhh, errr, like, it's probably something that is, um that's ahhh, yeah, it's something that, yeah, I haven't thought about at all.”
Almost one million Australians watch this abomination. Why? It's a cruel social experiment which somehow serves a need in our disconnected world to observe human behaviour under pressure and calibrate our own emotions.
But the cost is an elaborate joke on the unsophisticated, largely bogan contestants by cynical television professionals who know exactly what reaction they're eliciting from the audience, while pretending they're all about empowering Jo and helping Sean to find love.
Later in the series no doubt they will engineer some sort of redemptive moment.
But it won't hide the fact that they are exploiting ordinary decent Australians so lonely they are willing to debase themselves on a tawdry TV show that sends millions of dollars into Nine's coffers but gives them nothing in return.
All they get for giving away their privacy and dignity is a lifetime of embarrassment.
By ANDY WOLF
STAFF WRITER
Especially on homecoming night, Fostoria coach Derek Kidwell was puzzled as their team came out flat and without emotion Friday night.
Lake dominated the first half and held a 21-0 halftime edge.
And while a motivated Redmen team played much better in the second half, their comeback attempt fell short in a 21-14 Northern Buckeye Conference loss at Memorial Stadium.
“(The) team that wanted to win the game won the game,” Kidwell said. “I just told our group after the game, hopefully they figured it out that you can and you've got to play this game with emotion. We came out flat in the first half . . , Why I have known reason why.
“Then they were upset, frustrated, angry, pissed off at halftime and we came out and played well.
“But I told them this is a violent game. This is a game you can play with emotion. You should come out from the start and play with emotions and we didn't.”
The Redmen fell to 4-3 overall, 1-3 in the NBC while Lake upped its record to 5-2, 3-1.
Fostoria entered the game sitting 12th in Division V, Region 18 while Lake was 10th.
“I feel like it's a really impressive win,” Lake coach Mark Emans said.
Fostoria's defense pitched a shutout in the second half, limiting Lake's ground-and-pound offense that scored touchdowns on three of four drives in the first half.
Meanwhile, the Redmen finally established a rhythm after senior quarterback and homecoming king Skyler Garcia completed only 2 of 12 pass attempts (11 yards) in the first half, falling victim to several drops. They finished 16 of 32 for 197 yards and ran for 45 more.
“It was drops and you can't get in a rhythm,” Kidwell said. “We had receivers open all kinds of places but they're dropping the ball. We ran the ball well early.
“Then we got behind and knew we could get some chunk yards in the passing game. Our kids have to make plays when they've got opportunities.”
Garcia opened the second half by orchestrating a 5-play, 68-yard touchdown drive capped by Jadyn Miller's 2-yard plunge to put Fostoria on the board.
Fostoria got the ball back and went right to work.
Garcia hit Devin Mauricio for a 46-yard strike over the middle, Gabe Turner for 17 yards and Lukas Hill for 19 yards down to the Lake 4 yard-line.
A holding call on first and goal backed the Redmen up 11 yards. The scoring chance quickly ended on three straight incompletion in the end zone.
“You kind of get down there inside, you see what you're made of and our defense stepped up,” Emans said. “That holding call, but then they had four plays to try to score and we held them out.”
Fostoria's defense again bent but didn't break.
Lake methodically drove from its 11 to the 1. On fourth-and-goal, quarterback Dawson Delventhal got stuffed for no gain on the 15th play of the series.
With 6:45 remaining, the Redmen had an outside chance.
Though Fostoria orchestrated a scoring drive with Garcia hitting Trae Anderson for a 1-yard strike, over 5 minutes came off the clock.
Weston Weimerskirch's onside kick got past the initial Lake line of defense but went too long for any Fostoria player to have a chance at recovery.
Lake ran out the clock from there.
The Flyers totaled 314 rushing yards on 56 carries, led by a 168-yard, two-TD effort by Blake Osborn.
Lake's first 20 plays, all rushes, went for positive yardage over its first two drives.
“That is kind of our offense,” Emans said. “If we can get positive yardage out of first down, second down and get to third and short move the chains, that's who we our. That's our identity and that's worked well for us the last couple of weeks.”
Delventhal only threw five passes, completing four for 52 yards. Scott Mackiewicz added 80 yards on 10 carries and Bronson Medley had 65 yards and a 5-yard touchdown on Lake's opening drive.
“We knew Lake was going to run it, Eastwood was going to run it,” Kidwell said of facing a similar offense last week. “We played better than we did against Eastwood (35-7 loss) than we did against Lake.
“(Lake) ran it right down our throats. They challenged our manhood. They punched us in the mouth and we didn't punch back until the second half when it was a little too late.”
Mauricio totaled 97 receiving yards on six catches and Miller ran for 37 yards on nine carries.
Lake 7 14 0 0 — 21
Fostoria 0 0 7 7 — 14
First Quarter
LAK — Medley 5 run (Chiappetta kick)
Second Quarter
LAK — Osborn 2 run (Chiappetta kick)
LAK — Osborn 4 run (Chiappetta kick)
Third Quarter
FOS — Miller 2 run (Weimerskirch kick)
Fourth Quarter
FOS — Anderson 1 pass from Garcia (Weimerskirch kick)
LAKE FOS
First Downs 21 18
Rushes-yards 56-314 82
Passing Yards 52 197
Comp-Att-Int 4-5-1 16-32-0
Punts-Avg. 2-26.5 1-34
Fumbles-Lost 1-0 0-0
Penalties-Yards 2-20 3-25
individual statistics
rushing — Lake, Osborn 31-168, Mackiewicz 10-80, Medley 7-65, Delventhal 6-7. Fostoria, 7-45, Miller 9-37.
passing — Lake, Delventhal 4-5-52-0. Fostoria, 16-32-197-0.
receiving — Lake, Medley 3-45, O'Quinn 1-7. Fostoria, Mauricio 6-97, Turner 3-33, Boff 2-21, Weimerskirch 2-17, Anderson 2-16, Hill 1-19.
Wolf: 419-427-8496,
Send an E-mail to andywolf
Comments
comments
FILE - This file image released by Disney and Marvel Studios' shows Chadwick Boseman in a scene from "Black Panther." "Black Panther" has become the first film since 2000's "Avatar" to top the weekend box office five straight weekends. According to studio estimates Sunday, March 18, 2018, "Black Panther" grossed $27 million in ticket sales over the weekend, pushing its domestic haul to $605.4 million.
NEW YORK (AP) - Not since "Avatar" has a box-office hit had the kind of staying power of "Black Panther." Ryan Coogler's comic-book sensation on Sunday became the first film since James Cameron's 2009 smash to top the weekend box office five straight weekends.
The Disney release grossed $27 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to studio estimates, pushing its domestic haul to $605.4 million. Worldwide, "Black Panther" has grossed more than $1.1 billion.
Though "Black Panther" has had little competition to contend with throughout February and March, such consistency is especially rare in today's movie-going world. Before "Avatar," the last film to do it was 1999's "The Sixth Sense."
That left second place to the MGM-Warner Bros.' rebooted "Tomb Raider," starring Alicia Vikander as the archaeologist adventurer Lara Croft. The $90 million film opened with $23.5 million, largely failing to stir much excitement among moviegoers. Critics gave it mediocre reviews (49 percent fresh on Rotten Tomatoes) and ticket-buyers responded with a "meh," giving it a B CinemaScore.
With Vikander stepping in for Angelina Jolie, Roar Uthaug's "Tomb Raider" is an attempt to rekindle a video game-adapted franchise that faded quickly the first time around. The 2001 original opened $47.7 million and grossed $274.7 million worldwide, but the big-budget 2003 sequel flopped, opening with $21.8 million domestically and grossing $156.5 million worldwide.
Jeff Goldstein, distribution chief for Warner Bros., said "Tomb Raider" came close to studio expectations in North America but that international ticket sales were a primary focus. "Tomb Raider" was no. 1 overseas, grossing $84.5 million, including a $41.1 million in China.
"International was always a key part of the strategy," Goldstein said.
Of course, the continuing success of "Black Panther" also didn't help "Tomb Raider." When release dates were being set a year ago, few could have foreseen "Black Panther" no. 1 five weeks in. "How could you?" Goldstein said.
"Black Panther" has shown considerably fewer legs in China, however. Though it has grossed $96 million in two weeks of release in China, "Black Panther" slid steeply in its second weekend.
Yet last week, "Black Panther" even bested Disney's own "A Wrinkle in Time," Ava DuVernay's adaptation of Madeleine L'Engle's 1962 novel of the same name. In its second week, "A Wrinkle in Time" dropped 50 percent with $16.6 million in ticket sales.
The surprise of the weekend was the Lionsgate-Roadside Attractions Christian drama "I Can Only Imagine," which grossed $17.1 million on 1,629 screens - less than half the number that "Black Panther," ''Tomb Raider" and "A Winkle in Time" played on. The film, which co-stars Dennis Quaid and Cloris Leachman, cost only $7 million to make. It stars J. Michael Finley as the singer behind one of the most popular Christian songs, by the band MercyMe.
"I Can Only Imagine" doubled expectations by sticking to the typical tactic of "faith-based" releases with a grassroots marketing effort that focused on Southern, Southwestern and suburban moviegoers. Eighty percent of the audience was over 35.
It's the biggest opening weekend ever for Roadside Attractions, the 15-year-old indie distributor whose previous titles include "Mud" and "Manchester by the Sea."
"We did really work the film. Starting with the beginning of October, we were screening the film for faith-based influencers," said Roadside co-founder Howard Cohen. "So it had a really classic playbook for these type of movies. But a lot of movies do it and it doesn't work as well."
Playing to a virtually opposite audience was 20th Century Fox's "Love, Simon," the first film from a major Hollywood studio featuring a gay teen protagonist. Whereas "I Can Only Imagine" catered to the suburbs, "Love, Simon" thrived mainly in urban areas.
Greg Berlanti's film, adapted from the best-selling young-adult novel "Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda," stars Nick Robinson as a gay 17-year-old who has yet to come out when another closeted boy from their high school begins an anonymous e-mail romance. The film garnered strong reviews (91 percent fresh on Rotten Tomatoes) and audiences agreed, giving it an A-plus CinemaScore.
"I feel good that we released this film. I feel great that we had the kind of exit polls that we did," said Chris Aronson, distribution chief for Fox. "I think audiences are going to continue to find this jewel of a film that Greg Berlanti created."
Fox Searchlight's Oscar winner "The Shape of Water" also launched in China this weekend with $10.4 million following its best-picture win. The biggest post-Oscars boost has been overseas, where "The Shape of Water" grossed $17 million over the weekend.
According to comScore, the weekend was down 50 percent from the same weekend in 2017 when Disney's "Beauty and the Beast" opened with a record-breaking $174.8 million.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers also are included. Final three-day domestic figures will be released Monday.
1. "Black Panther," $27 million ($30 million international).
2. "Tomb Raider," $23.5 million ($84.5 million international).
3. "I Can Only Imagine," $17.1 million ($195,000 international).
4. "A Wrinkle in Time," $16.6 million ($3.2 million international).
5. "Love, Simon," $11.5 million.
6. "Game Night," $5.6 million ($3.7 million international).
7. "Peter Rabbit," $5.2 million ($14.5 million international).
8. "Strangers: Prey at Night," $4.8 million.
9. "Red Sparrow," $4.5 million ($8.9 million international).
10. "Death Wish," $3.4 million ($1.3 million international).
___
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at international theaters (excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to comScore:
1. "Tomb Raider," $84.5 million.
2. "Black Panther," $30 million.
3. "The Shape of Water," $17 million.
4. "Peter Rabbit," $14.5 million.
5. "Operation Red Sea," $11.7 million.
6. "Red Sparrow," $8.9 million.
7. "Coco," $6.5 million.
8. "Amazing China," $6.1 million.
9. "Now I Will Meet You," $5.9 million.
10. "Bajrangi Bhaijaan," $4.8 million.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAp
× Blaze at Apartment Building in Williamsport
WILLIAMSPORT — An apartment building fire has left tenants displaced in Lycoming County.
The fire broke out around 6 p.m. Friday evening along Brandon Avenue in Williamsport.
According to the fire chief, the fire started when a stove caught on fire in one of the three units in the building.
Everyone got out safely but the building is a total loss.
The families affected by the fire are being helped by the Red Cross.
Actress Billie Lourd has reached out to their fans and thanked them for their support following the deaths of their mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds last week.
The Star Wars actor passed away on Dec. 27 after suffering a heart attack and, the next day, Fisher's movie star mother Debbie Reynolds died following a stroke.
Family spokesperson Simon Halls released a press statement on behalf of Billie shortly after Fisher's death. It read:
“It is with a very deep sadness that Billie Lourd confirms that their beloved mother Carrie Fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning. They were loved by the world and they will be missed profoundly. Our entire family thanks you for your thoughts and prayers.”
The 24-year-old has now broken their silence on social media by penning an emotional tribute on Instagram.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist,” they write alongside a picture of themselves as young child with their mother and grandma.
“There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Meanwhile, Lourd's uncle Todd Fisher recently confirmed the family is planning a joint funeral service, which will honour the bond between mother and daughter.
“It's what we want to do, but we're still working on the mechanics,” they said. “I'm going out right now to look at places... We like the idea, if it's at all possible. I think it's appropriate.”
There are also plans for a second larger public memorial, where fans can pay their respects and say goodbye.
Todd has been spotted visiting the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Los Angeles, where many famous figures have been buried. Debbie has a family plot there, according to TMZ.
Before their mother died, Todd told ABC News they were letting Billie make the big decisions about their mum's memorial service.
“Carrie loves a good party, so, you know, I'm sure she'll want to throw a party for her,” they said.
Drones offer the best way to take photos and videos of landscapes from up high and DJI's Mavic Pro is one of the best we've ever come across.
Amazon is offering the DJI Mavic Pro Fly More kit, which bundles in a battery charging hub, two spare propeller blades, a car charger, two spare batteries, a carry bag and a battery to power bank adapter, for £980, saving you £170.
The £980 price tag also makes it £10 cheaper than buying the Mavic Pro on its own.
Powerful and portable, the Mavic Pro has a small body with foldable rotors that can easily fit inside a regular bag. When you get it out to use, the controls are incredibly easy to learn.
A number of flight modes make it easy to get the shots you want, it's obstacles avoidance technology is some of the best we've seen and a gesture mode makes you feel like a Jedi, as you can use the force to control where the Mavic Pro goes.
This deal won't last forever, so if you've been looking to invest in a flying camera, now has never been a better time.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. – A Virginia man is now a millionaire after scratching a Virginia Lottery ticket – one month after they bought it.
Jeff Kretzer bought a “$100 Million Cash Extravaganza” ticket in December of 2017.
The Chesterfield man put the ticket in their drawer and forgot about it. One month later, Kretzer happened to see the ticket in their drawer and decided to scratch it.
Initially, Kretzer thought they won $4,000.
“Oh, $4,000, this is going to be nice,” they remembered saying.
But they missed three more zeros.
In fact, the ticket was worth $4 million!
“I was stunned,” Kretzer said. “I really can't describe the moment.”
Kretzer bought the ticket at MACS Retail, LLC, 7041 Commons Plaza in Chesterfield, which got a $10,000 bonus.
The $100 Million Cash Extravaganza game features prize ranging from $20 to $4 million, including a $1 million second prize and $100,000 third prize.
Kretzer is the third person to claim the top prize, which means one $4 million ticket is still out there.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
Both the Times and CNN, which has published its own story about the intercepted communications, cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
Michael Flynn, whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks, was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians, according to CNN.
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that they had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year's election season.
President Trump called the new reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
In Washington, government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration, from details about President Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff.
Faced with a new leak Wednesday, Trump tweeted, "The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy. Very un-American!"
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
The efforts to save Shannon's life have failed. They died Monday morning at the Topeka Zoo. Zoo director Brendan Wiley said after the other elephants and their human handlers have a chance to pay their respects, a necropsy will be conducted. That process could take into Tuesday. The original story is below.
For the second time in as many days, Topeka crews are trying to save an elephant's life at the Zoo. Shannon is a 35-year-old African elephant.
“This morning, at about 6:30 a.m., they were back on their side,” said Zoo Director Brendan Wiley. “Currently, we're going through that process again, where, through pretty amazing teamwork, we're able to get straps around their body.”
Once the straps are on, then it's time to lift them
“We bring in a portable tripod specifically designed to lift heavy, heavy weights and what we're attempting to do is just trying to help them up off the ground in hopes that they can get their feet back under her, that we can continue to try to diagnose exactly what's going on.”
Elephants typically don't lay down for extended periods of time in part due to their body mass. In the event where an elephant is sick or injured, if it stays lying down for too long, body processes can begin that may cause the elephant to die. The older an elephant gets, the more concern this causes.
Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA), who announced their resignation from Congress Thursday, reportedly ran a office rife with the mistreatment of staffers.
Before their resignation, the vocally pro-life Pennsylvania Republican was revealed to have asked a mistress to get an abortion.
Politico reported the behavior on Thursday, following Murphy's announcement of their resignation. The outlet reported that a potential investigation into Murphy's treatment of their employees by the House Ethics Committee motivated their resignation as much as the revelations about their mistress.
Multiple unnamed former Murphy staffers told Politico that the behavior of the member of congress's chief of staff, Susan Mosychuk, had moved them to quit.
“It was one of the worst places I have ever worked in my life. There was screaming. Intimidation. Nothing you ever did was right,” a former Murphy district director, Nick Rodondo, told Pittsburgh radio station KDKA, Politico noted.
Every other source was unnamed: Politico reported that Mosychuk called staffers “worthless” and their work “garbage.”
“It's not like a private company where you have an HR department,” one former staffer told Politico. “It was a culture of abuse and a culture of corruption. There really is no oversight.”
“Screaming was an everyday thing,” said another unnamed former staffer. “The manipulation and the mind games. … Everybody in that office was depressed.”
Multiple unnamed ex-staffers told the publication the chief of staff used white noise machines placed around the member of congress's office in order to mask the sound of them screaming. Staffers were told to take the stairs instead of the elevator as a punishment, according to one former employee, and bathroom breaks were cut short in order to administer verbal disciplining.
Politico also reported that a leaked June 2017 memo by Mosychuk, called “Office Conduct and Behavior: Harassment/Legal Compliance” and outlining supposed abusive behavior by the member of congress, more accurately described Mosychuk's own behavior.
“She was the one who would verbally abuse staff,” one unnamed ex-staffer said. “He was bad, but you can deal with a tough member. They were literally terrorizing people.”
Read Politico's full story here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS, Ohio – An attorney who told officers they forgot their girlfriend's "quiet" son was in the car with him, has their own court date after a good Samaritan rescued the child from a car left under the blazing sun with the windows rolled up.
Police released the urgent 911 call made from a Home Depot parking lot in Cleveland Heights:
911 dispatcher: "What's going on at the Home Depot?" Caller: "There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up. I got the alarm going 'cuz I opened the door." 911 dispatcher: "So were you able to get the kid out of the car?" Caller: "Yes, but I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got their kid."
It was just after 2 p.m. Monday when a passerby spotted the 9-year-old boy inside a 2017 black Nissan Altima with the windows closed, as the heat index outside reached 94 degrees.
911 dispatcher: "How is the child doing, does the child need any medical attention?" Caller: "Yeah he's slobbering at the mouth." 911 dispatcher: "He's what?" Caller: "He's slobbering at the mouth."
The good Samaritan opened an unlocked car door then waited for police and paramedics.
Police body camera footage showed officers arriving on scene as the young boy sat in the back seat.
Minutes later, the owner of the vehicle, Paul Bayer, 65, appears after running out of the Home Depot apologizing, “I'm here! Oh my God I'm so sorry." They tell the officers that they had forgotten the boy was inside the car.
"Why did you leave them in the car again?" an officer asks.
"He got real quiet, I forgot they were with me, I came here for a quick drum and I forgot I had him," Bayer says.
"Forgot you had your kid in the car?" the officer asks.
"It's my girlfriend's kid," Bayers says. "But yeah, when they get quiet."
Police say the child, who has autism, was inside the hot car for 20 minutes.
EMS gave them cold water, checked their vitals and determined they were okay.
Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Woodmere, told police that the boy is their 36-year-old girlfriend's son.
They were arrested and charged with endangering a child and is now free on bond.
A WOMAN who was seen motionless on a Belmont footpath early on Sunday morning has told police they were sexually assaulted.
Two women reported seeing a woman they believed was unconscious next to Abernathy Road at about 1.30am.
Police located the woman, who has since said they were sexually assaulted.
Sex assault squad detectives want to speak to the women who reported the incident to officers at Belmont Police Station but did not leave their contact details.
Police believe they may have more information that could help the investigation and have urged them to come forward.
They also appealed for anyone with information, including drivers with dash-cam footage who were in the area early on Sunday morning, to contact Crime Stoppers.
DannyLee Pearl Wolf Oppegard-Irwin was born on February 8, 2017 at Stevens Community Medical Center in Morris to Kristina Brooks and Craig Oppegard of Johnson.
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
"Obviously our defence isn't going to let that happen, obviously our coaching staff isn't going to let that happen, but we have to make sure we come every week with, 'Hey, this is a big game. This is a big game. This is a big game. This game is bigger than the last one.'"
___
Some other things to know about this game:
WATCH THE QBS: Patterson ranks fourth nationally in passing yards per game even after a subpar outing against Alabama, and has the league's top two receivers in A.J. Brown and DaMarkus Lodge. Auburn's Jarrett Stidham has only 12 incompletions in the last three games. In the last two, Stidham has had seven passes go for at least 46 yards.
AUBURN BACKFIELD: Auburn's Johnson has run for eight touchdowns in the past two games, five against Missouri and three against Mississippi State. Those performances have helped the Tigers miss a healthy Kamryn Pettway (lower leg) much less. Pettway played some against the Bulldogs and lost a fumble. Malzahn said fellow tailback Kam Martin is also nursing an unspecified injury that kept them out of the last game.
MCGRIFF'S TIES: Ole Miss defensive co-ordinator Wesley McGriff was Auburn's co-defensive co-ordinator and secondary coach last season. Malzahn said that means McGriff is familiar with the Tigers' players, "but some of our guys have obviously improved since last year." Having a new offensive co-ordinator in Chip Lindsey reduces the carry over, too.
"The fact that Chip is calling the plays and we are different in a lot of ways, it's not like you would think," Malzahn said. "But he's definitely familiar."
REBELS AGAINST TOP 15: Ole Miss beat both No. 8 Texas A&M and No. 11 Georgia last season. The Rebels have nine wins over teams ranked in the top 15 over the last four years.
EARLY KICK: With the game kicking off at 11 a.m. CT, the Rebels opted to fly to Alabama on Thursday. Ole Miss played an early game on Sept. 9 and beat Tennessee-Martin 45-23. "We've done it once before so I think that will help," Luke said.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the Radio.com app on your phone!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Losers hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts Friday… and it's FRIDAY!
VOTE ALL WEEKEND LONG: Challenger #1 Hippo Campus “Baseball” vs Challenger #2 Mister Heavenly “Makin' Excuses”
REDEMPTION WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (back Monday 9PM PDT vs Champion Brother Sundance “Blind”)
***REDEMPTION WEEKEND VOTING RULES!!!*** Voting begins 9PM PT Friday, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain open until 10AM PT on MONDAY. Yes, you have ALL WEEKEND to vote! Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… If the total amount of votes DOES NOT add up to over 100 votes, both will be disqualified & the Champion will face somebody new!
THE BEATDOWN 2017 HOF INDUCTEES: Thorcraft Cobra “Caught In Between”, Night Riots “Breaking Free”, Avalon Landing “Only Kids”, Echo Park Social Club “Andy, Where Did You Go?”, Adelitas Way “Tell Me”, Welshly Arms “Legendary”, Echo Park Social Club “Pretty In Plastic” & DREAMCAR “All The Dead Girls” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
April 24 (UPI) -- Suspected pirates boarded a Dutch-flagged cargo ship near the Nigerian coast, the ship's managing company said Monday.
The suspects kidnapped 12 of the 14 crew members on board FWN Rapide on Saturday near Port Harcourt, ForestWave Navigation BV said.
Two others crew members were uninjured and moved the vessel to a safe location, the company said. ForestWave commended the two for their "courageous and professional handling" of the incident.
"ForestWave would like to stress its main priority is to establish contact with the missing seafarers and secure their earliest and secure return," the company said in a statement. "The company's Emergency Response team is working around the clock and is liaising with the local and international authorities."
The ship was traveling from Takoradi, Ghana, to Bonny, Nigeria, when it came under attack.
A High Surf Advisory has replaced the warning that was in effect for many north and west-facing shores, but waves remain dangerous for the inexperienced.
The National Weather Service posted the advisory until 6 a.m. Sunday for the north and west shores of Niihau, Kauai, Oahu and Molokai, the north shores of Maui and the west shores of the Big Island.
Surf of 14 to 18 feet is expected for the north and west shores of Kauai County and the north shores of Oahu, Molokai and Maui. Waves could still reach 10 to 15 feet for west shores of Oahu and Molokai, with 6 to 10 footers for the west shores of the Big Island.
Even though the waves have dropped a bit, ocean water can still sweep across portions of beaches, with strong breaking waves along with longshore and rip currents. Breaking waves may also affect harbor entrances. Beachgoers should stay well away from the shoreline and heed all advice from ocean safety officials. Waves may also remain high enough to wash over some coastal roads.
On Friday, city Ocean Safety lifeguards performed 34 rescues, most of them at Ehukai and Waimea Bay. Pro surfer Kalani Chapman had to be rescued when they wiped out and didn't resurface in Da Hui Backdoor Shootout surf competition. They were taken to the hospital in serious condition after being revived by lifeguards.
Surf is expected to drop below advisory levels Sunday morning.
Copyright 2017 HawaiiNewsNow. All rights reserved.
French soldiers standing guard inside the sanctuary of Notre Dame de Lourdes in 2016. Photo: Pascal Pavani/AFP
High security measures are in place in Lourdes ahead of the expected arrival of around 25,000 Catholic pilgrims.
Worshippers can expect bag searches, traffic controls, and increased numbers of police officers on duty in the run-up to the Feast of the Assumption on August 15th, a key date in the Catholic calendar.
Lourdes is one of the world's most important sites for religious tourism, with the shrine marking the spot where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared in a grotto to Bernadette Soubirous, a poor shepherd girl, in 1858.
Pilgrims started arriving at the south-western town over the weekend, flocking to the sanctuary in the foothills of the Pyrenees for a mass and procession to celebrate the ascent of the Virgin Mary into Heaven.
Security was significantly heightened for the event in 2016, when it fell less than one month after the murder of a priest by two terrorists in their Normandy church.
And this year the extra measures will be in place once again.
Authorities stressed they had no knowledge of a particular threat to the site or the festival, but Béatrice Lagarde, the prefect of the Hautes-Pyrénees département, told local media that "there is no reason to downgrade the security system put in place last year".
"We are taking into account that the national threat remains at a high level," said Lagarde at a press conference outlining the measures.
Police presence has been reinforced, with an additional 300 police officers and soldiers deployed. That includes a team of 30 within the sanctuary itself, police dogs, and explosives specialists.
A further aerial team will also monitor the situation at the site from a police plane, as well as ensuring that bans on drones in the area were adhered to. A network of 30 cameras in the religious site and the city will allow further monitoring in real time.
The municipality has worked on traffic controls, aimed both at reducing congestion and crowding and guarding against possible attacks using a vehicle, such as the horrific truck attack on the Nice promenade in July 2016. The site will be pedestrianized thanks to a system of retractable bollards.
Just three of the 12 entrances to the sanctuary will be accessible, with anyone entering the site subject to bag searches. Additionally, authorities have banned processions outside the site from between midnight and 6am.
Christian sites of worship and areas popular with tourists are both considered to be potential targets for attacks on France, which has suffered a series of deadly attacks over the past two years.
Most recently, a man was arrested after using a vehicle to ram into a group of anti-terror soldiers in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, injuring six.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi governor signs nation's most restrictive abortion law, which bans most abortions after 15 weeks.
Our son is 18 now. A college first-year student.
They still don't have a driver's license.
"It's really kind of a curious development," said John Heitmann, author of "The Automobile and American Life" and a history professor at the University of Dayton. "Of course, it's driving the auto industry crazy right now. They realize that so many young people are really not interested in their product anymore. That's why they're jazzing them up all with all these electronic goodies, thinking that's what will lure them back into the car."
Several factors have conspired to make the automobile much less of a must-have product for young people.
Most notably, a generation that has grown up on computers and smartphones views the car as nothing more than a major crimp on their lifestyle. When they're behind the wheel, they can't be on all their devices (at least not legally and safely).
This is perhaps the biggest challenge facing the car industry and, by extension, NASCAR.
"We have to get it right," said Dave Pericak, the global director of Ford's racing division. "If we get it right, the future will be bright. If we get it wrong, it's not going to be good."
The manufacturers are devoting plenty of resources toward making the automobile more attractive to future generations, knowing it has become a bit of an anachronism in our highly connected world, largely unnecessary when you can hook up with friends via the internet or get around heavily congested urban areas cheaply and with less aggravation using ride-share services such as Uber and Lyft.
"We've got to figure out how to better incorporate the technology and things that are important to them into our vehicles, so the vehicle will be an extension of them," said Pericak, who pointed to voice controls and autonomous cars as two of the most intriguing developments.
"Just like iPads and iPhones are an extension of who they are, an extension of their freedom. Our freedom was getting in a car and blasting down the road. It's just totally different now."
Adding to the challenge: Environmental concerns that are particularly relevant to young people, many of whom view racing as an energy-guzzling pursuit that, at least symbolically, contributes to climate change.
Pericak said it's not unfathomable to envision a time when stock cars are powered by electricity, not fossil fuels.
"It was a shocker to me," they said. "For the younger generation, the environment absolutely matters. The more we can look at hybrid technology and show responsibility as automakers, it will resonate with the younger generation. They will appreciate that."
In the meantime, NASCAR is taking numerous steps toward connecting with potential fans of the future.
Starting this year, free tickets were offered to those 12 and under for Xfinity and truck series races. More than 10,000 schools are using racing-related materials to study aerodynamics and NASCAR's "Three D's of Speed" — drag, downforce and drafting. There are summer programs designed to bring kids closer to the sport, and an increased emphasis on connecting with young fans through social media platforms.
Even that most traditional method of reaching the fan base — the paid sponsorship — often has a youth-oriented theme. For instance, two September races at Chicagoland Speedway were sponsored by Nickelodeon and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.
"There are a lot of kids that are growing up in a social media environment, whereas my generation didn't," said Dale Earnhardt Jr., long the sport's most popular driver but retiring at the end of the year. "They are on these different platforms and we need to go there with people they relate to, to connect to them in those areas."
Pericak isn't worried that racing will go the way of the dinosaur. They still see a fascination with speed and high-tech machines that spans the generations. They know we are still a nation that relies almost totally on the automobile to get around.
But the current trends do not bode well for NASCAR, even more so than other forms of racing.
The sports have always relied on the association they have with actual street machines, which is why they still pass off today's sleek racers as the Ford Fusion, Chevrolet SS and Toyota Camry. It's a selling technique that ties into America's long love affair with the automobile, a way to build brand loyalty and keep cars moving off the lots.
There was a time when cars such as the General Lee ("Dukes of Hazzard") and KITT ("Knight Rider") were the stars.
No longer.
And if fewer young people are driving, and even when they finally do it's more out of necessity than any affection for being at the wheel, it could strike at the very core of NASCAR.
It already is.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
AP Sports Writer Dan Gelston in Long Pond, Pennsylvania contributed to this column.
___
For more AP racing coverage: http://racing.ap.org/
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when they jammed their foot into the bag and rolled their ankle Friday. They dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on their leg and had to be helped off the field. They had to pause on the trip to the dugout because they were hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
The company logo of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc is seen at its headquarters in Laval, Quebec May 19, 2015. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
(In April 21 story, corrects paragraph 5 to say Taltz's list price is $4,469 per month. Removes reference of pricing from analyst)
Canadian drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc said it had priced its recently approved plaque psoriasis treatment at $3,500 per month, ahead of an expected U.S. launch in the second half of 2017.
Siliq is the lowest priced injectable biologic psoriasis treatment currently on the market, Valeant said on Friday.
The treatment, which blocks a cell receptor known as interleukin-17 to tamp down inflammation, will compete with a host of existing IL-17 inhibitors including Cosentyx from Novartis AG and Taltz from Eli Lilly & Co.
Looks like Valeant has sought to price this reasonably relative to Taltz and Cosentyx, Stifel analyst Annabel Samimy told Reuters.
Taltz's list price is $4,469 per month.
"But this is only list price – it's neither here nor there unless you know the rebates provided to payers. But optically, looks like Siliq is the better value based on the price and relative efficacy," Samimy said.
Siliq will also compete with other classes of drugs used to treat psoriasis such as Amgen Inc's Enbrel, Johnson & Johnson's Remicade and AbbVie Inc's Humira.
Valeant is trying to regain investor confidence following a tumultuous year in which its pricing strategy and ties to a specialty pharmacy led to a wider political and regulatory scrutiny.
The Canadian drugmaker's U.S.-listed shares were up about 1 percent at $8.98 in early trading on Friday.
Siliq secured U.S. approval in February, but the Food and Drug Administration slapped on its label a black box warning - the most severe given by the agency - calling attention to the risk of suicidal thoughts and behavior.
About 7.5 million in the United States suffer from psoriasis, according to the American Academy of Dermatology.
The disorder, characterized by raised, scaly skin patches, can be associated with other conditions, including diabetes and heart disease.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Sriraj Kalluvila)
With the just-posted Radeon RX Vega 56 / 64 Linux review , there aren't any OpenCL benchmarks due to some issues encountered in the process. When the Vega OpenCL support is in better shape, results will be published. But for those anxious to see anyways what the current ROCm OpenCL performance looks like for Ethereum with Ethminer, here's a quick look.With the Radeon Vega hardware, the ROCm -based OpenCL stack is what's used with their older OpenCL driver not supporting this new GPU architecture. Thus AMDGPU-PRO is bundling the ROCm OpenCL driver for Vega while their older OpenCL driver is still bundled and used by default for pre-Vega hardware.
Our remote testing of OpenCL on the Vega Frontier Edition have been mixed while unfortunately the Radeon RX Vega testing hasn't been that great. The OpenCL driver does report correctly via clinfo, but many tests fail or otherwise perform slowly...For just a quick look: here's how the RX Vega 64 is running with AMDGPU-PRO's 17.30 ROCm OpenCL driver compared to the competition:Yes, the slowest performance with something clearly wrong with the OpenCL driver but it was functioning and indeed reporting it was running off the GPU and not the CPU.And it had the highest system AC power consumption, so clearly the GPU is being kept busy...In the days ahead there will hopefully be a new ROCm release to straighten things out better for Vega. And as reported in our review, the 2MB page support should be very exciting for OpenCL performance. But if you aren't a heavy OpenCL user, this can be good news as perhaps now there won't be a mad rush of miners trying to buy up the RX Vega inventory this morning for GPU cryptocurrency mining, at least until the OpenCL support is straightened out... So perhaps you may find good luck finding the RX Vega 56 or RX Vega 64 this morning at a reasonable price.At least the OpenGL and Vulkan performance is in better shape as shown in our Radeon RX Vega 56 / 64 Linux review and the open-source support is just exciting to see for a GPU at-launch, so go check that out!
MACOMB COUNTY (WWJ) – It's a small victory for Macomb County Clerk Karen Spranger.
Macomb County Judge Kathryn Viviano ruling Monday that there are too many connections between the court and the clerk's office and recused themselves from the case.
A separate case, filed by the county, alleging Spranger lied about the address used when they ran for the clerk's office last November remains.
Spranger is being challenged over their claims of residency at an address along Hudson Street in the city of Warren.
“A year's worth of water use records show zero water use at that address. Two court of appeals opinions both which determined they did not live at that address – that's very compelling evidence,” Macomb County Corporate Council John Schapka told WWJ when filing the suit.
Court says it is not bias but CANNOT hear the case between Macomb's Clerk against the County. @WWJ950 @FOX2News pic.twitter.com/0TImwjkTn5 — Charlie Langton (@charlielangton) August 14, 2017
Spranger's attorney Frank Cusumano says the voters have spoken in this case:
“Judge Viviano just stated that elections have consequences and they should be respected.”
Was Spranger surprised by the ruling Monday?
“Somewhat, yes. But you know how it is — you can never the guess the judge's decision – it's nice to hear a good decision,” Spranger told WWJ's Charlie Langton.
The ruling means the chief judge will now pick another judge to oversee the case brought against Spranger to have them removed from office.
Winter is a time for repose and reflection, and many gardeners take to bird feeding to fill their need for color, texture and interaction with their landscape. If you are an old hand at feeding our winter visitors, or a newbie, these tips from the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources will guide you in feeder/feed placement and selection.
There are three main choices in food: large seeds, small seeds and suet. Large seeds include black-oil sunflower, striped sunflower, safflower, peanuts, shelled corn, ear corn and cardinal mixes that contain sunflower, safflower and peanuts. Northern cardinals, Blue jays, Black-capped and Chestnut-backed chickadees, House and Purple finches, American goldfinches, Evening and Pine grosbeaks, Gray and Steller's jays, nuthatches, crossbills, and titmice all love sunflower seeds. Peanuts provide a nutritious diet for birds, including Black-capped chickadees, nuthatches, woodpeckers, and Blue jays. Even Northern cardinals will come to a peanut feeder. However, these feeds also attract mammals including squirrels and raccoons. Safflower seeds are not as attractive to these eating machines. Cracked corn and milo are attractive to house sparrows and starlings, which will discourage other birds from visiting your feeders, and are not recommended. Small seeds include millet and Niger thistle. Millet sprinkled on the ground or in tray feeders will attract Dark-eyed juncos, Mourning doves, and American tree, Fox, Harris', White-throated, White-crowned and Golden-crowned sparrows. Niger thistle will bring American and Lesser goldfinches, Common and Hoary redpolls, House andPurple finches, and Pine siskins. Many wintering birds also benefit from suet, suet mixes and peanut butter, including Pileated, red bellied, red headed, downy and hairy woodpeckers; chickadees, titmice, and nuthatches.
Water is critical to overwintering birds. Including a heated birdbath in your feeder set up will be an open invitation to a variety of birds. Don't worry about birds freezing if they bathe on a cold winter day. This water is primarily for drinking. Include a variety of feeders: open or covered platform feeders, suet feeders, and cylindrical feeders will be attractive to a broad variety of birds. Place feeders close to protective cover and convenient for viewing from a window. The best feeder sites are downwind from the shelter provided by conifers, ornamental grass plantings, cattail marshes or buildings. To avoid giving raptors or cats an advantage in catching birds, feeders should be at least ten feet from the nearest cover where such predators could hide. Use several feeder clusters of three to four feeders per cluster and a ground feeding site. Each cluster should include a variety of feeder types that offer larger seeds, smaller seeds, and suet.
THE Cypriot national team welcomes neighbours Greece to Nicosia on Saturday for the second from last game of the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
With just two games to go in Group H, Cyprus is in fourth place, three points behind Greece who lie just one point behind Bosnia and Herzegovina who, in turn, occupy the second qualifying position.
In the last round of international games, Cyprus got off to a winning start under new manager Ran Ben Shimon with an impressive 3-2 turnaround against Bosnia. Yet an injury-time 1-0 defeat to Estonia means Cyprus' chances of qualifying are slim to none.
Greece, however, are still in with a very real chance, as a win on Saturday coupled with a loss for Bosnia against runaway group leaders Belgium in Sarajevo will see Michael Skibbe's side enter the last game against lowly Gibraltar needing just a win to finish second.
Greece striker Apostolos Vellios said that their side will be hoping for a favour from the Red Devils in their match against their nearest group rivals.
“We expect and hope that Bosnia will lose points against Belgium,” the 25-year-old stated, though they added that, “first of all we are looking to win our matches”.
Vellios continued: “The atmosphere within the squad is excellent. We are like a family with the new manager and that is evident on the pitch. We are going all out to win our two matches and, of course, we will wait to see what our rivals do, but we will focus on our own games”.
The friendly relationship between Cyprus and Greece is well-known, but winger Andreas Avraam is disappointed with claims that their team will go easy on Greece to help them qualify.
“We have our own pride and our own identity,” the AEL man told Astra 92.8. “It is a game that we want to win. We respect Greece, but we believe in ourselves”.
“We are annoyed about what is being said because it suggests that we do not respect ourselves. We are going out for the win,” they insisted.
Despite Cyprus' slim chances of progressing to the World Cup, star striker Pieros Soteriou is not ready to give up on their team's hopes just yet.
“The spirit of the national team is very good. We are going out there to win on Saturday. The same way they (Greece) have a chance to qualify, so do we, and we will fight until the end,” said the FC Copenhagen centre-forward.
“As long as we are still in it mathematically, we believe we can do it and get the result that we deserve,” they told Radio Proto.
A big miss for Cyprus is the continued absence of Apoel winger Giorgos Efrem who continues their recovery from an injury picked up in their club's Champions League qualifying campaign.
The latest meeting came last year – a 2-0 home win for Greece courtesy of goals from Kostas Mitroglou and Petros Mandalos.
Greece have won the last four encounters between the two nations, with Cyprus' last success against their neighbours coming back in 2001, as a late goal from Ioakim Ioakim handed the islanders a memorable 1-2 win in Athens.
Crowds at the GSP this qualifying campaign have been rather modest but the fact the interest on the island in Greek football could see a larger than usual turnout.
City council has hired Myles Cassidy as the new chief of the Ottawa Paramedic Service.
Cassidy is currently Cornwall's general manager of shared services, which includes emergency medical services.
They succeed Anthony Di Monte, who was promoted to general manager of emergency and protective services earlier this year.
Peter Kelly has been the acting paramedic chief.
Cassidy, who has been a paramedic since 1989, managed the dispatch centre at the City of Ottawa for five years before becoming the EMS chief in Cornwall.
Di Monte said Cassidy will start their new job in July.
Council also confirmed Lee Ann Snedden as the city's new director of planning services. Snedden has been in an acting role since the planning department was reorganized last year.
The planning services branch includes building code services, policy planning and development review.
Council on Wednesday voted in favour of waiving the rules under the city's bilingualism policy to allow the managerial appointments, since Cassidy and Snedden aren't bilingual. They will be required to take French language training.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Authorities in North Carolina have accused a woman of filing nearly 300 insurance claims for cancer even though they didn't have the disease.
The North Carolina Department of Insurance said in a statement Tuesday that 60-year-old Susan Leigh Huebotter is charged with insurance fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses over $100,000.
The statement says Huebotter presented 287 cancer and hospitalization policy claims that were fraudulent. According to the arrest warrants, Huebotter made the claims between 2009 and 2017 without being diagnosed, treated or undergoing surgery for cancer.
Warrants say the false claims totaled $231,306.
Huebotter was arrested March 22 in North Carolina's Lenoir County and jailed on a $250,000 secured bond.
Online records didn't indicate whether they have an attorney.
ROME (Sputnik) – On Tuesday, the White House spokesperson said that US President Donald Trump expects Russia to "return Crimea" to Ukraine.
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 февраля 2017 г.
Crimea rejoined Russia after a 2014 referendum, when almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for the reunification. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes.
© Sputnik/ Sergey Malgavko Winter Wonders of Crimea 10
During the election campaign Trump claimed they would "consider" recognizing Crimea as part of Russia following the referendum in the peninsula, adding that the Crimeans wanted to live in Russia.
Commenting on the White House statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Wednesdya that Russia does not intend to return Crimea to Kiev.
"We do not return our territories. Crimea is Russian territory," Zakharova said at a weekly briefing, reaffirming Moscow's longstanding position that the issue is permanently closed.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that Moscow would not discuss issues related to its territory with foreign partners.
An agent the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives works with their dog near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this month â€” this time, a blast that was triggered by a tripwire and demonstrated what police said was a "higher level of sophistication" than the package bombs used in the previous attacks. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
An agent the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives works with their dog near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this month â€” this time, a blast that was triggered by a tripwire and demonstrated what police said was a "higher level of sophistication" than the package bombs used in the previous attacks. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took a new, more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire.
Police and federal agents said that suggests a "higher level of sophistication" than they have seen before, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular. Underscoring that point, a relative says the most-recent explosion left what appeared to be nails stuck in their grandson's knees.
"The game went up a little bit - well, it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire," Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks.
The latest happened Sunday night in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighborhood, wounding two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Police haven't identified the victims, but William Grote told The Associated Press that their grandson was one of them, saying they are cognizant but still in a lot of pain. Grote said one of them was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a tripwire that they said knocked "them both off their feet."
"It was so dark they couldn't tell and they tripped," Grote said. "They didn't see it. It was a wire. And it blew up."
Grote said their son, who lives about 100 yards (91 meters) away from the blast, heard the explosion and raced outside.
"Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely," Grote said.
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings, which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened.
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude.
"It's creepy," said Erin Mays, 33. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff."
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding.
"We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something," Combs said.
Investigators are looking at a variety of possible motives, including domestic terrorism or a hate crime. Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
"We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. They would not elaborate, though, saying they didn't want to undermine the investigation.
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. Also, both victims this time are white, while those killed or wounded in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic.
Those differences made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Thad Holt, 76, said they are now watching their steps as they make their way through a section of town near the latest attack. "I think everybody can now say, 'Oh, that's like my neighborhood,'" they said.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," they said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked over 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
Noel Holmes, whose house is about a mile away, was stunned by how loud Sunday's explosion was.
"It sounded like a very nearby cannon," Holmes said. "We went out and heard all the sirens, but it was eerie. You didn't feel like you should be outside at all."
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.
"I'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here. But this is scary what's happening," said golfer Jhonattan Vegas, already in town.
Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"This makes me sick," they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
The State of Texas: The State of Texas' Sex Ed
Plus: John Cornyn calls on the Senate to investigate Michael Flynn, Greg Abbott blitzes the NFL, and a Texas university president gets put on leave amid a mysterious investigation.
QUOTE OF THE DAY “The overly broad way these ICE raids are being conducted is making our community less safe and causing disproportionate harm by dividing the families of non-serious offenders and others who are of no threat and have been caught merely in the wrong place at the wrong time.” —Austin Mayor Steve Adler, in an open letter addressing the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids last week, according to the Austin American-Statesman. Despite the fifty undocumented people arrested in Austin last week, Adler used this letter to reiterate the city's position as a “welcoming, inclusive community.” BIG NEWS Tex Ed
Everything is bigger in Texas, except for the percentage of school districts with sex education programs. That's actually extremely small, according to a recently released study by the watchdog group Texas Freedom Network. The report found that 83 percent of Texas school districts either have no sex education programs or only teach abstinence. “Worse yet,” says the report, which you can read in full here, “many districts are using materials plagued with errors and bias, lying to students about the effectiveness of condoms and teaching offensive gender stereotypes.” The state of Texas' sex ed has improved slightly since the group's last study in 2009, but the numbers are still low: 58 percent of districts only taught abstinence during the 2015-2016 school year, while 25 percent had no sex ed at all. As the Texas Tribune notes, Texas had the fifth-highest rate of teen pregnancy in the nation in 2015. Meanwhile, the state Lege decided in 2009 to drop health eduction as a requirement for graduation, and now districts that do not offer health classes are more than four times more likely to offer no sex education whatsoever. Nearly a quarter of districts reported using only state-approved health textbooks, which “include virtually no information on condoms [or] contraception,” while some districts push the message that tried-and-true methods of contraception are unsafe. Katy ISD, for example, has a district-wide policy that says sex ed “Shall support sexual abstinence… [as] the only effective way to prevent crisis pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases” and “Shall present contraception as high-risk behavior.” Some districts also use curriculum that suggests sex is a bad thing—for women. “Being too sexual in the way you dress and act will not accomplish these things [like dating and marriage],” says a slideshow Brownwood ISD uses in a presentation given to girls. “So really girls… do you want to be the would they would rather Marry or the 5 minute thrill?” State Representative Mary González, a Democrat from Clint, filed a bill proposing requiring sex ed classes to include accurate info on birth control as well as abstinence.
MEANWHILE, IN TEXAS
Red Faced
There has been no shortage of news coming from the White House this week, particularly surrounding several investigations by federal intelligence agencies into apparent connections between Russia and associates of President Donald Trump. National security adviser Michael Flynn resigned on Monday after the Washington Post reported that U.S. intelligence officials said they lied about the nature of their communications with the Russian ambassador to the U.S, and had concerns that they may be vulnerable to Russian blackmail. On Tuesday, Texas Senator John Cornyn joined a few other top GOP lawmakers in calling for a Senate investigation into the Flynn situation, but they didn't go so far as to say Flynn should be brought before Congress to testify. “I think it's symbolic of somebody with a distinguished military career making a bad mistake,” Cornyn, a member of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, told CNN. U.S. Representative Bill Flores, a Republican from Bryan, also spoke out, writing on Twitter that they are “Glad Michael Flynn is gone from White House,” adding, “We need more sanctions on Russia, not fewer!” Other than those two, Texas Republicans have been silent on the issue, according to the Texas Tribune.
Defensive End
The National Football League issued a warning to Texas late last week, when a spokesperson wrote to the Houston Chronicle in an email that any laws the state passes that are “discriminatory or inconsistent with our values” would jeopardize potential opportunities for Texas cities to host the Super Bowl—a clear shot fired at the state's pending bathroom bill. Governor Greg Abbott is not happy about the NFL's threat, according to the Texas Tribune. On Tuesday, Abbott told radio host Glenn Beck that “the NFL is walking on thin ice,” adding that “the NFL needs to concentrate on playing football and get the heck out of politics.” The governor of Texas, perhaps the most football-crazed state in the union, said that they “cannot name or even count the number of Texans who told me that they were not watching the NFL.” Apparently, many of Abbott's constituents are still angry at San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who protested police brutality and racial injustice this past season by kneeling during the pre-game national anthem. “They were protesting the NFL this year because of the gross political statement allowed to be made by the NFL by allowing these players, who are not oppressed, who are now almost like snowflake little politicians themselves unable to take the United States National Anthem being played,” Abbott said. Someone sounds upset.
Suspended From School
University of Texas at San Antonio President Ricardo Romo has been put on leave because of an active investigation into “allegations related to their conduct,” according to the San Antonio Express-News. The school is being extremely tight-lipped about the whole thing, and no details have come to light yet regarding the details of the alleged conduct issues. Sources told the Express-News that Romo's chief of staff, Sonia Martinez, may have been involved somehow, and while emails to Martinez bounced back, the university wouldn't confirm whether she, too, was put on leave. Romo, 73, announced in September that he'd be retiring in August, ending an 18-year run at the helm of UTSA that has been—on the surface, at least—pretty good. As the Express-News notes, Romo helped transform the university “from a rural, commuter school of about 18,000 into an emerging Tier One institution with an enrollment nearing 30,000.” It remains to be seen what impact, if any, this conduct review will have on their legacy.
WHAT WE'RE READING
Some links are paywalled or subscription-only.
ICE raids, sanctuary city wars, and the fate of Texas's immigrants in the age of Donald Trump San Antonio Current
Inside the bonkers rise and fall of a prominent Houston restaurateur Houston Press
This paramedic from San Antonio fought against ISIS alongside Iraqi special forces in Mosul KENS-5
A whole bunch of stars signed an open letter condemning Texas's proposed bathroom bill Texas Tribune
Here's how much a special election will cost to replace Corpus Christi's mayor Corpus Christi Caller-Times
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio (AP) - An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap "bizarre" and told Wallace they wouldn't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
Wallace's public defender declined to comment Tuesday.
AUGUSTA, Georgia World number one Dustin Johnson, whose participation in the U.S. Masters was in doubt after a freak fall, will definitely tee off in the first round of the year's first major on Thursday, Golf Digest reported.
Johnson landed hard on their back inside an Augusta rental home on Wednesday but the report, which sourced the golfer's trainer, said the 32-year-old-American will tee off at 2:03 p.m. ET (1803 GMT) alongside compatriots Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker.
Earlier on Thursday Golf Digest had said Johnson was walking with more mobility and took a couple of practice swings slowly without a club.
"We got them to the point where they got mobility," Johnson's trainer, Joey Diovisalvi, said in the report.
"He was up and moving around and definitely going in the right direction. They were very much in an under control point going to bed last night."
Johnson arrived at the year's first major as the tournament favourite after winning their last three events.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich/Mitch Phillips)
Don't get too comfortable, Cris Carter and Randy Moss. Diggs and Thielen have begun to push their way toward the top of some of the lists of the franchise's all-time leaders.
Sidney Rice was the last 1,000-yard receiver in purple, in 2009. Before that, Moss in 2003 completed a streak of 11 straight seasons with at least one. Seven of those featured two: Carter and Jake Reed each year from 1994-97, and Carter and Moss from 1998-2000.
The primary difference with Diggs and Thielen — both a bit undersized by NFL standards — is that they had to work harder to reach this status. Diggs was a fifth-round draft pick out of Maryland in 2015 and a healthy scratch the first three games of their career. Thielen famously signed out of an undrafted tryout camp in 2013, spent a season on the practice squad and another couple of years primarily on special teams until their breakout in 2016.
But they're both exceptional route runners, with an ability to line up inside or outside and make a shallow cross or a deep post work whenever the situation calls for it. With Brown as an example, the league has seen more and more versatile wide receivers who can confuse and confound defences by moving all over the formation rather than being limited to either the outside or the slot.
"When a quarterback is in trouble, they'll come down with the ball," said wide receiver Michael Floyd, who's coming off a four-game suspension and set to join the Vikings as another dangerous down-field option when they play at Chicago on Monday. "That's expected in our room."
Diggs broke out ahead of Thielen, but they said he's looked up to their teammate as an example of precise route-runner. Shurmur likened Thielen to an outfielder in baseball for their ability to judge the ball and adjust to it in flight for a catch even if they haven't separated themselves from the defender. Both Diggs and Thielen have a keen sense for how to bend a route away from a cornerback to make an interception impossible and a difficult reception look routine. Diggs in particular has a reputation among the Vikings defence for being relentlessly competitive.
"He won't ever stop. They catch a ball in practice, he'll run all the way to the end zone," cornerback Xavier Rhodes said.
The key for the Vikings will now be to keep up this deep passing game with the loss of running back Dalvin Cook , whose early success was setting up those play-action fakes.
"But also, it's part of what they do now," Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said last week, before their team beat the Vikings 14-7. "Before they had been getting the ball out fairly quickly, intermediate passes and those kinds of things, and occasionally down the field. Well now they're attacking down the field with that real strong running game, so that's what's made the difference. Those guys are running really good routes, catching the ball well."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell, The Associated Press
Experts from across Europe are meeting at the Scottish Police College to discuss the emerging threats in intellectual property crime particularly the illegal use of Internet protocol television (IPTV).
The illegal use of Internet protocol television has risen by 143 per cent in the past year and is predominantly being carried out online. This involves the uploading of streams, server hosting and sales of pre-configured devices.
The seminar being hosted at the Scottish Police College today (April 18, 2017) is for European industry experts including stakeholders from the public, private and third sectors. They are all committed to working with Law Enforcement Agencies to ensure we have the knowledge and capability to address this emerging threat. The conference is an opportunity to share ideas, knowledge and investigative techniques to address the issues of piracy across Scotland.
Issues being discussed include: the diverse nature of the criminality; efforts by industry bodies to provide technical solutions to intellectual property criminality; and the ever-changing business models adopted by organised criminal groups to diversify into this highly-profitable field.
Chief Inspector Mark Leonard, Police Scotland's Safer Communities said: “This event is an example of how we are responding to changing crime patterns. Through our partnership working approach with other Law Enforcement agencies and the private sector we are leading the way in the protection of intellectual property and committed to keeping people safe from internet-based criminality.
“As part of Police Scotland's ten-year strategy, Policing 2026, we are committed to transforming the service and provide our officers with the knowledge and tools to investigate emerging digital crime trends.”
Transparency Market Research (TMR) has published a research report on the global electric vehicles market, determining the overall revenue generated in the market in 2012 at US$83.54 billion and estimating the development of this market at a CAGR of 19.2% between 2013 and 2019. The global electric vehicles market is projected to attain US$271.67 billion by 2019 in terms of revenue.
In terms of volume sales, the market is predicted to trade 64.4 million units of electric vehicles by the end of the forecast period.According to the report, titled “Electric Vehicles Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2019”, the high operating cost of conventional vehicles has shifted consumers' interest towards electric vehicles.
Apart from this, electric vehicles are eco-friendly, as they do not pollute the air, unlike their conventional counterparts. These factors are driving the global electrical vehicles to a great extent.
On the other hand, electrical vehicles can be driven short distances only, as they require to be charged very often, which is severely affecting the market for electrical vehicles in the global arena. In addition to this, their high purchasing costs also hamper the growth of this market.Electric cars, electric buses, electric motorcycles and scooters, and other electric automobiles are described as the key product segments of the global electric vehicles market in this report.
Obtain Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=248
In 2012, electric cars generated the highest revenue in the overall electric vehicles product market. The electric cars market is expected to maintain its dominance over the forecast period in terms of revenue.In terms of revenue, the market for other electric vehicles such as electric bicycles and trucks stood at the second position in 2012.
The same year, the market for electric bicycles led the overall electric vehicles product market in terms of volume. The segment is likely to produce the highest number of units during the forecast period.
Regionally, the electric vehicles market in North America dominated the global market with a 38.3% share in 2012 owing to various initiatives such as corporate average fuel economy program (CAFEP) by several governments of this region. The government of the U.S., in particular, is taking significant initiatives such as constructing charging facilities for electric vehicles to enable them to cover long distances.
Obtain Sample Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=248
In Asia Pacific, several programs and initiatives such as government support for research and development, subsidies for electric vehicle buyers, tax incentives, and public education programs to spread awareness regarding the benefits of electric vehicles. On account of these efforts, the electric vehicles market in Asia pacific is expected to report significant growth over the forecast period.
Additionally, the initiatives taken by European governments supporting green technologies in the automotive industry is expected to fuel the electric vehicles market in this region, as per the report.Tesla Motors, General Motors, Nissan Motors, Mitsubishi Motors, Renault, Volkswagen, Smith Electric Vehicles, Toyota Motors, and Daimler are some of the key players in the global electric vehicles market profiled in this report and according to it, General Motors, Nissan, Honda, Tesla, and Toyota collectively held a majority share of the overall market in 2012.
ROMA MIDFIELDER KEVIN Strootman has denied they were ever close to joining Manchester United, despite rumours having linked them strongly to the club in the past.
The Netherlands international joined Roma from PSV Eindhoven in the summer 2013 for a reported €16 million. After a bright start to their Roma career, they had to overcome multiple serious injuries to once more become a key member of their squad over the last two seasons.
However, in and around the time Strootman joined the Italian club, reports linked them heavily with a move to Manchester United.
Now, years later, Strootman has opened up about those rumours declaring they were never close to any deal for them to join the Red Devils.
“I never talked with anybody,” Strootman told The Independent. “No, no. There was a lot of speculation but to be honest I only spoke with Roma.
“There were some clubs who showed interest but it's always like that. They always say they are interested but at the end they don't do anything so it's nothing and I'm really happy that I chose Rome.”
And Strootman says that has not changed since arriving in Rome, adding that while some publications may have reported they were close to a deal, that was never the case.
“Even during my time with Rome before my injury they talked about other clubs but I never talked about leaving Rome,” they said. “They said some club was really close to signing me and they want me really bad but I'm good here.”
Strootman and Roma are in England to face Liverpool in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final tie at Anfield tonight.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
In our increasingly busy lives, sleep can feel pretty unproductive. But just because you're not awake, doesn't mean stuff isn't happening.
To make you really appreciate all the complex things your body during those eight (or, more realistically, six) hours you're out each night, artist Jan Diehm from the Huffington Post has created this fascinating infographic.
You can see a much larger version of the image here, which breaks down each sleep stage by what happens during it and how much of your night it takes up on average.
And while it makes me appreciate my body and all of its involuntary behaviours, it also makes tired just by looking at it. Is 8:36 am too early for a power nap?
Laura Schocker over at Huffington Post has also given us a run-down of the different sleep stages in more detail. So what's going on?
Stage One is that time between wake and slumber when it's super easy for someone (or something) to wake you up. If you do wake up during stage on, you're going to feel like you haven't slept at all.
Stage Two is what Philip Gehrman, a psychiatry assistant professor from the University of Pennsylvania in the US, tells Schocker is the "average sleep", where we spend half of our night. As Schocker explains, during this stage:
"Brain waves are slow (with some rapid bursts) and your heart rate and blood pressure slow down and regulate. That means, for much of the night, your heart and vascular system are getting a much-needed rest, which might help to explain the many cardiovascular benefits of shuteye."
Stage Three is our deepest sleep, and it's when our brain waves transform into restorative, slow, high-amplitude waves. Pretty much most of our bodily functions slow down during this time and our bodies begin to repair. It's also the phase when people will sleep walk, talk, or eat, if they're so inclined.
REM sleep is where we experience vivid dreams. According to Gehrman, experts often call this the "paradoxical sleep" because the body is out for the count while the brain lights up like you're awake. And, yes, during this time you also experience rapid eye movement (which gives the stage its name). Your muscles are paralysed so you don't physically live out your dreams, and your breathing and heart rate can vary greatly.
Researchers also know that at some point during sleep, although they're not sure exactly when just yet, our bodies regulate the hormones that control how hungry we are, and our brains also lock in memories and learn the information we absorbed the day before.
So, while it's not always possible to get the seven to 10 hours of sleep a night recommended by some experts, at least you can now appreciate what happens when you do.
Source: The Huffington Post
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but their vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
March 29 Shanghai Industrial Development Co Ltd :
* Says co did some corrections of accounting errors in goodwill measurement and did some adjustment in its Q1~Q3 relative reports for FY 2016
* Says co will pay 0.38 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/A6vaYR ; goo.gl/0yDa02
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Unrest over Donald Trump's decision to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel has spread to Sweden, triggering the rise of militant anti-Semitism. Hardly had immigrants in Malmö proclaimed their own intifada pledging to "shoot Jews" when firebombing synagogues and Jewish chapels in Sweden's largest cities ensued.
During Friday's demonstration in Malmö, which gathered several hundred people, insults were shouted against both Arab leaders and Jews.
"We have announced our own intifada from Malmö. We want our freedom back and we will shoot the Jews," the protesters chanted according to Swedish Radio. Furthermore, the protesters reminded the Jews that "Muhammad's army" will return.
By contrast, the Arab leaders in the Middle East were called "dirt" and "cowards" because they allegedly do not dare to take a hardline stance against Israel.
© AFP 2017/ Hakon Mosvold Larsen / NTB SCANPIX Norwegian Jews Signal Fiercer Anti-Semitism From Growing Muslim Diaspora
Neither the authorities nor the journalists were able to locate the organizers of what was called a "spontaneous manifestation" reported for hate speech.
Shortly after the anti-Semitic rally in Malmö, a synagogue in Gothenburg, Sweden's second-largest city, was firebombed following a public outcry against the US President's decision, involving hundreds of protesters. Allan Stutzinsky, the president of the Jewish Assembly of Sweden, who happened to be at the site during the incident, claimed that a dozen pro-Palestinian supporters were involved in the attack.
Photos from the scene of the synagogue firebombing in Gothenburg, Sweden. (GP) pic.twitter.com/osfUkH4i99 — Avi Mayer (@AviMayer) December 9, 2017
​In light of the anti-Semitic demonstration in Malmö and the Gothenburg attack, extensive security measures have been taken to protect synagogues across Sweden. Furthermore, Jews in fellow Nordic countries have expressed their concern and unease over the recent events in Sweden.
However, the measures taken have proven to be insufficient, as another firebomb attack against a Jewish chapel, this time in Malmö, ensued. According to the Malmö police, two bottles with a flammable fluid were hurled at a chapel located at a Jewish cemetery.
Misstänkt brandbomb mot judiska församlingens lokaler i Malmö • Polisen: ”Vi bedömer att man har haft för avsikt att få det att börja brinna”https://t.co/wQyjR8SgAh pic.twitter.com/u4sbJ8Zubt — Expressen (@Expressen) December 11, 2017
​Justice Minister Morgan Johansson condemned the attack as an "abominable crime" sounding the alarm of the Nazi persecution of Jews in the 1930s and 1940s. At the same time, Johansson admitted that the authorities have been aware of the existing threats and said they wanted to have more legal recourse for wiretapping suspected individuals, the national broadcaster SVT reported.
"When different situations happen in Israel-Palestine, it usually affects Malmö, too," Freddy Gellberg, president of the Jewish Assembly in Malmö, previously explained, pointing out that many living in Malmö come from the Middle East and are emotionally engaged in the matter.
© AP Photo/ Bjorn Larsson Rosvall Swedish Synagogue Firebombed After Anti-Israeli Protests
"We want to show sympathy and solidarity with the Jews in Malmö and condemn all forms of racism and anti-Semitism in society," Ala Eddin al-Qut, the director of the Malmö Muslim study federation Ibn Rushd told SVT
Malmö, Sweden's third-largest city, is often touted as the nation's most multicultural one, where 174 countries and about 150 languages are represented. Over a half of its population of 320,000 are of foreign descent. The Middle East, the Horn of Africa and former Yugoslavia (including Muslims from Bosnia and Herzegovina) are the main sources of immigration.
In Sweden, which currently has the EU's seventh largest Jewish diaspora, a rise in anti-Semitism has been reported amid snowballing Muslim immigration. Members of the Jewish community in Malmö, including rabbis and spiritual leaders, have experienced violence and threats.
Jews have been fleeing Malmö for years; Jewish individuals are regularly attacked and harassed and both the synagogue and the Jewish burial chapel have been attacked numerous times https://t.co/iy40JmqJHk https://t.co/WqM2nLdDHV — Avi Mayer (@AviMayer) December 11, 2017
​In August, an imam called Jews "offsprings of apes and pigs" during a demonstration held in Helsingborg, Skåne County after clashes between Palestinians and Israeli police in Jerusalem.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James spent the morning sending a crystal clear message to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the wake of Kevin Love's knee injury: things will be just fine as long as James is on the court.
They spent the night backing that up against an emboldened Andrew Wiggins and the Minnesota Timberwolves, as if anyone doubted them in the first place.
James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
“The one thing that we can always rely on is the fact that we've played without Kev before,” James said. “We've had to do that in the playoffs. As much as you don't like to play without some of your big guns, sometimes if it happens then you're just ready for it.”
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
“It's always competitive playing them,” Wiggins said. “I feel like it brings out the best in everybody.”
James took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
“It's been a burden on me since I got drafted. Why does it change now?” James said when asked if they have to do more with Love out. “Nothing's changed. I'll have my guys ready to play every single night.”
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to drop Wiggins to 0-6 against the Cavs.
“We'll get 'em eventually,” Wiggins said.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
As they prepared to face a Timberwolves team filled with very young players trying to find their place in the league, James was asked how long it took them to turn the corner as a professional.
“I turned a corner very, very young,” James said, smiling. “Probably about 16.”
STEPHENSON INJURED
Guard Lance Stephenson has played well since signing a 10-day contract last week, and the Wolves were hoping to have their defensive intensity against James and the Cavs on Tuesday night. But Stephenson grotesquely rolled their left ankle just three minutes into their first shift and needed help walking off the floor. Stephenson hit their only two shots before they were injured.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
Yardley man has terminal illness, but can't support GOP 'right to try'
Yardley man has terminal illness, but can't support GOP 'right to try' May 25
Dawn Eicher started experiencing symptoms of colon cancer at 21, but was not diagnosed until 15 years later. Now, they are an activist fighting to put the disease on the radar of doctors and young people.
The American Cancer Society on Wednesday recommended that people start screening tests for colorectal cancer at age 45, rather than 50, a change prompted by rising rising rates of the disease among younger people.
The organization called the new guidance a “qualified recommendation,” but said it was based on an analysis that showed lowering the screening age would save lives. Other groups such as the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force still recommend starting at age 50.
>>READ MORE: How glamor shots and smart advocacy are drawing attention to colon cancer in young adults.
The initial test at age 45 could be a home stool test or one of several other screening methods that are less invasive, unpleasant and costly than a colonoscopy, which requires a bowel-cleansing drug regimen. However, “all positive results on noncolonoscopy screening tests should be followed up with timely colonoscopy,” the organization said.
>>READ MORE: Learn about colonoscopy costs before you schedule that appointment.
This is a breaking news story that will be updated.
HAMMOND, La. — Eddy Polanco scored seven of their 19 points in the final minute to help Southeastern Louisiana fight off Central Arkansas' comeback bid for an 89-84 win on Saturday night.
Mathieu Kamba, who had a career-high 30 points, slammed home a dunk with 1:48 remaining as Central Arkansas closed to 76-75. Joshua Filmore and Polanco responded with back-to-back 3-pointers to push the advantage to 82-77. Polanco, who finished 11 of 11 from the line, then added four consecutive free throws to seal the win.
The Bears roared out to a 43-35 halftime advantage. Southeastern Louisiana opened the second half on a 17-6 run to go ahead 52-49. The Loins took the lead for good, 63-57, when Polanco scored six straight unanswered points.
Jordan Capps led the Lions (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference) with 26 points. Filmore added 18 and Moses Greenwood chipped in 13. Marlain Veal had 11 assists and four steals.
Executive Director of the McLaren Technology Group Zak Brown has said that Fernando Alonso never gave the McLaren Renault Formula 1 Team an ultimatum regarding their future at the team if they didn't drop engine suppliers Honda.
At last year's Singapore Grand Prix, McLaren announced that they were to part ways with the Japanese company after three frustrating seasons – where they accumulated more grid penalties than points – in favour of customer Renault Sport engines.
Red Bull Toro Rosso-Honda have inherited the works Honda deals after they stated their intention to stay in Formula 1 after the McLaren contract expired.
Despite the unknown status of Alonso's future before the Renault deal, Brown insisted that they never pressure McLaren into a decision.
“I have often heard that they gave us ultimatums but I want to assure you that this has never been the case,” Brown said at last month's Autosport International Show.
“He just wanted us to be competitive again.”
Alonso won both of their Formula 1 World Championships with the Renault Sport Formula One Team in 2005 and 2006, and Brown alluded to that formerly glistening relationship.
“I think they would have stayed if we felt we'd been competitive staying where we were [with Honda]. I think they would have bought into that.
[However] they have great history with Renault.”
Alonso will embark on the fourth season of their second spell with McLaren, once again partnered with Stoffel Vandoorne.
Additionally, due to McLaren no longer being attached to Honda, Alonso has found themselves free to compete in the World Endurance Championship with fellow Japanese marque Toyota GAZOO Racing, as they search for the second part of a potential Triple Crown by winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Market Highlights:
LiDAR stands for Light Detection and Ranging. The LiDAR instrument is mounted on helicopters, drones and others. The LiDAR mounted on aircraft emits rapid pulses of laser light at a ground surface. LiDAR emits up to 150,000 pulses per second. A sensor on the instrument measures the time taken for each pulse to be received back from the ground surface. The airborne LiDAR systems emerged commercially in the mid-1990s, and provide explicit 3D laser profiling and scanning in contrast to the 2D planimetric remote sensing data. The 3D coordinates of (x, y, z) axis, describe the 3D topographic profile of the earth's surface, vegetation area coverage, and human-made objects. The airborne LiDAR technique has been efficiently used for generating Digital Elevation Model (DEM), Digital Terrain Model (DTM), and Digital Surface Model (DSM).
LiDAR is viewed as a revolutionary technology for airborne mapping, as it cost-effectively delivers highly precise terrain data. Airborne LiDAR technology has now become a noble solution for geospatial data acquisition. The geospatial data development is the ability of airborne LiDAR to measure 3D structures, using active sensors technology system. The data acquired through airborne LiDAR is reliable and precise. As LiDAR prepares an overall 3D picture of the ground surface, these pictures are useful in different domains, such as the development of national guidelines and standards, oil & gas, aerospace & defense, mining industry, and transportation & logistics.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6016
Key Players
Saab AB (Sweden),
Teledyne Technologies (U.S.),
Leica Geosystems (Switzerland),
FLIR Systems (U.S.),
Faro Technologies Inc. (U.S.),
Leosphere SAS (France),
3D Laser Mapping (England),
Firmatek (U.S.),
RIEGL Laser Measurement Systems GmbH (Northeast Africa),
Quanergy Systems, Inc. (U.S.), and Raymetrics S.A. (Greece).
According to MRFR, The Airborne LiDAR market is estimated to witness a CAGR of more than 19% during the forecast period from 2018 to 2023
Airborne LiDAR market is expected to grow over the forecast period, owing to the automation in LiDAR systems, leading to the reduction in human efforts and improvement in efficiency.
On the basis of platform, the airborne LiDAR market has been segmented into rotary wing, fixed wing, and unmanned aerial vehicles. The substantial growth in general aviation, globally, and increasing inclination for cost-effective air travel are the key factors estimated to witness the growth of the airborne LiDAR market during the forecast period.
The airborne LiDAR market has been segmented on the basis of type into topographic LiDAR and bathymetric LiDAR (bathy LiDAR). The most common used airborne LiDAR system is the topographic airborne LiDAR. It is operated, on the time-of-flight principle, by sending a high-intensity laser pulse in a narrow beam towards an object and measuring the time taken by the pulse to be reflected off the target and returned to the sender. The growth of the topographic LiDAR segment can be attributed to the rise in demand for enhanced situational awareness and survey activities, such as seismology, cartography, and meteorology.
There is a growing trend in the manner information collected by LiDAR systems is becoming available to a much larger user community through open sources and cloud services. Due to the easy access of information through open sources, there is a whole new set of challenges for the present companies, regarding the safeguarding of commercial feasibility of mapping projects.
North America is expected to account for the largest share of the airborne LiDAR market. The major leading countries in this region for airborne LiDAR market are the U.S. and Canada. The collective use of LiDAR systems in mapping and surveying applications, along with a rising base of LiDAR service providers are driving the growth of the airborne LiDAR market in the U.S. The major application areas of LiDAR sensors in the U.S. include industrial survey, military mapping, forest management, and oceanographic surveys. In Canada, airborne LiDAR sensors are majorly used in infrastructural improvement purposes.
The U.S. government is investing a large number of funds in airborne LiDAR for civil engineering and defense applications, to increase the accuracy of operations at a lesser time and decrease the risk factors involved. In the recent fiscal year budget, the U.S. military sector is anticipated to spend a huge amount on procuring unmanned aerial systems; this will lead to driving the growth of the airborne LiDAR market. Moreover, it has witnessed an increase in demand for military and civil infrastructure projects in the last few years. The usage of airborne LiDAR in all these projects and several government investments in various industries are expected to surge the growth of the global airborne LiDAR market.
Browse complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airborne-lidar-market-6016
The report for Global Airborne LIDAR Market of Market Research Future comprises extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance.
YORK, Pa. (AP) - Robert Bowser joined the Navy in November 1941, a month before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
They were just 17 - they needed their parents to sign off when they enlisted - and hadn't even finished high school. They just wanted to the join the Navy. They didn't have any specific plans and certainly didn't foresee that, one day, they would become a part of Navy, and aviation, history.
They trained as an LTA pilot - LTA standing for lighter than air, a blimp, in other words. The Navy used blimps during the war to patrol the coastline and keep an eye out for enemy submarines, filling the dead space left by lookouts on shore-based towers and ships farther out at sea.
They also trained as an aviator and eventually would be carrier-certified in five different aircraft. They also earned their high school diploma and took some college-level courses, qualifying for a commission as an officer, what they called a "90-day wonder" in the early days of the war when the armed forces were expanding at an exponential rate.
They were a test pilot, of sorts. They flew in the one of the Navy's first jets, the FH-1 Phantom. They were among the first pilots to test the steam-powered catapult system that flung aircraft off the decks of aircraft carriers. They tested the Corsair when the Navy had to beef up the landing gear to withstand hard landings on aircraft carriers; their task was to land the plane hard and see whether the landing gear collapsed. Sometimes it did.
They eventually rose to the rank of lieutenant commander. Not bad for a kid who dropped out of York High.
They joined the Navel Air Development Unit (NADU) in South Weymouth, Mass., in 1954, working with the Navy's development of lighter than air aircraft. The base was essentially a testing ground for naval aircraft, a pretty free-wheeling place, as described in an official history of the unit. For instance, the base, while testing blimps during night flights, was a source of most of the UFO sightings off the coast of Massachusetts, something that greatly amused members of the unit. Another time, a blimp on a test flight spooked a rafter of turkeys on a local farm, touching off a stampede in which many turkeys perished. The Navy altered the course of test flights to avoid the farm, but the blimp would cast a shadow on the barnyard, leading to more turkey deaths and prompting the farmer to take a potshot at the blimp. (Later, when Bowser was stationed in Toms River, New Jersey, they would fly a blimp over their house and wave to their children playing in the yard.)
It was in South Weymouth, as a member of NADU, where Bowser would enter history.
As their sons recall it, the Navy was hot to break the endurance record for a nonstop blimp flight set by the Germans. It was a venerable record, set in 1929 by the Graf Zeppelin, covering 7,297 miles from Germany to Tokyo in 101 hours and 49 minutes.
The Naval effort began as an exercise to prove the all-weather capabilities of lighter-than-air craft, part of an ongoing operation code named Meteor. It soon became a quest to break the Graf Zeppelin's nonstop flight record because, why not?
The ship was the ZPG-2, manufactured by Goodyear (which is still in the blimp business) and nicknamed the Snow Bird. It was 300 feet long and 97 feet tall. It contained nearly a million cubic feet of helium.
The crew numbered 14. Among them was Bowser, who served as one of two pilots during the trip.
The ship left South Weymouth on March 4, 1957, and set a course east across the North Atlantic. The biggest problem facing the crew was boredom. It was a long flight, and there wasn't a lot to do on the aircraft. Bowser joked around, posting a sign that announced the in-flight movie would be "Gone With The Wind," an inside joke about the effect of wind on flying what was essentially a large balloon powered by two huge rotary airplane engines.
They saw some sights. One of the crew, Frank Maxymillian, now retired in Massachusetts, recalled calling other crew members to the windows to gaze upon a pod of whales or an iceberg. The more memorable sight would come later in the trip.
One day into the journey, they suffered their only equipment malfunction - the thermostat for their oven burning to a cinder. They made due with the stove and got pretty creative with their frozen dinners and C-rations. One of the crew had a birthday while they were over the Atlantic, and another crewman baked them a cake in a frying pan on the stove, combining, seriously, Chiclets and chocolate rations to make the "batter" and then decorating the cake with cigarettes instead of candles.
As they skirted the west coast of Africa, passing by Cape Yubi, one of the crew announced that they had captured an African sea bat that had flown in through an open window. They said it was in a box, which had a peephole cut in its top. When crew members would bend over to gaze upon the mythical creature, other crew members would whack their posterior with a broom.
During one night shift, a brightly moonlit night, Bowser was piloting and Maxymillian was on the radio. Bowser asked Max, as they called him, whether they wanted to fly the blimp. There wasn't much to it, they explained. You hold onto the yoke and keep the ship level, using the guy wires dangling from the nose as a guide.
Max took the wheel. They thought that they had the ship under control, that they had mastered flying a blimp in one easy lesson. After a few minutes, Bowser told Max to get up. They were getting complaints from guys in their bunks about getting seasick as the ship rolled all over the sky. "I was reluctant to give it up, but they were bigger than me," Max said later. "I don't understand it, but I was not invited to drive again, which I attributed to the fact that they understood I was too busy and had no time to fool around with that kind of nonsense."
The ship crossed the North Atlantic to Portugal and then went south along the west African coast before turning and heading back over the Atlantic toward its destination, Key West.
As they approached Florida, they had some time to kill, so they flew over Miami Beach. As they flew over the hotels that lined the beach, members of the crew noticed something. The rooftops of the hotels had been sectioned off into private booths for sunbathing, and many of them were occupied by women in various stages of undress or completely naked. The crew scrambled for the binoculars and waved to the sunbathers. Some of the women waved back.
On March 15, the Snow Bird landed in Key West as the sun set.
It had been airborne for 246.2 hours and had traveled 9,448 miles without stopping - obliterating the record of the Graf Zeppelin. When it began its journey, according to a report by a Goodyear engineer, it had 22,675 pounds of fuel, about 3,600 gallons. When it completed its journey, it had less than 80 gallons of fuel left.
The crew, after being welcomed by Fleet Admiral William "Bull" Halsey and receiving decorations for the record-setting flight, retired to Key West and celebrated at a bar that, according to Max, had tables just large enough to set their drinks on.
Bowser retired from the Navy on Jan. 1, 1962, and went to work for an armored car company in York. They retired for good in 1978 and moved to the mountains in Potter County. Their sons said they never much liked the water or the beach.
The record they helped set still stands.
Not bad for a York High dropout.
Their son David said, "He was just dad, but when you think about it, this caliber of human being just doesn't exist anymore."
___
Online:
http://bit.ly/2FytXRm
___
Information from: York Daily Record, http://www.ydr.com
“Along with the release of the first developer beta of macOS Sierra in June of 2016, Apple included a prerelease version of the Apple File System (APFS), a major update to the previous file system, HFS+, which was released in 1998 as an update to HFS,” Gene Steinberg writes for The Tech Night Owl. “So you have such goodies as 64-bit support, robust file encryption, improved performance and efficiency, superior protection from disk catalog damage, and, under some circumstances, near instantaneous duplication of a file.”
“Obviously Apple proceeded slowly to implement APFS. Last year's developer version could be installed on Macs with SSDs, but it didn't support traditional hard drives nor that combo of HDD and SSD, the Fusion drive. I sort of expected it would be fully implemented with Sierra's successor, but that's still a work in progress,” Steinberg writes. “”
“With the first macOS High Sierra betas, Apple did provide the choice of converting Fusion drives, but put that to a halt when people ran into troubles. Unfortunately switching back to HFS+ involves invoking some Terminal commands, provided by Apple in a support document to public beta testers, and a full backup, erase and restore,” Steinberg writes. “With the final release of High Sierra, you didn't have a choice on an SSD. It was automatically convered for better or worse. A regular hard drive can be converted manually in Disk Utility, and I did that on two external drives with mixed results.”
Much more in the full article here.
May 3 Irhythm Technologies Inc:
* Irhythm Technologies announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue $21.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $19.1 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $88 million to $92 million
* Irhythm Technologies Inc sees full year 2017 to range from $88 to $92 million
* Irhythm Technologies Inc sees full year 2017 gross margins for full year 2017 to range from 70% to 72%
* Irhythm Technologies Inc sees operating expenses for full year 2017 to be between $85 and $88 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Researchers with the National Center for PTSD at the VA Boston Healthcare System found that engaging in risky behavior--itself a symptom of posttraumatic stress disorder--could in turn lead to worse PTSD symptoms. This sets up a pattern of repeated stressful experiences, they say, that could have harmful consequences for those with PTSD.
As Dr. Naomi Sadeh, corresponding author on the article, explains: "For individuals with PTSD, exposure to new stressful events will often prolong their symptoms and can even make them worse. So these findings suggest that treatment providers should ask trauma-exposed veterans about reckless behavior to make sure they are not engaging in harmful behaviors that could make their PTSD symptoms worse."
The results appeared in a May 2017 issue of the Journal of Traumatic Stress.
Recent research has found evidence of a link between risky behavior and PTSD. Because of this relationship, "reckless and self-destructive behavior" has been added as a symptom of PTSD in the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the handbook used to diagnose psychiatric conditions.
The new study assessed more than 200 veterans with PTSD diagnoses for both PTSD severity and reckless behavior at the beginning of the study, starting in 2006, and again four years later. Nearly three-quarters had engaged in reckless or self-destructive behavior at least once in the five years before the study.
The most common behaviors identified in this study were dangerous alcohol or drug use, drunken driving, gambling, and aggression. The researchers found a correlation between risky behavior and higher PTSD severity at both time points. The results lend further evidence that risky behavior is common among trauma-exposed veterans.
"These types of high-risk behaviors appear to be common among veterans who have experienced trauma, and put veterans in harm's way by making it more likely that they will experience stress and adversity in the future," says Sadeh.
But the study revealed more about the relationship between PTSD and risky behavior. In the time between the two tests, 82 percent of participants experienced at least one potentially traumatic event. These events included experiencing the sudden death of a friend or loved one; being threatened with or being the victim of a physical assault; being involved in a motor vehicle accident, or witnessing any severe accident; experiencing a life-threatening or disabling event affecting a loved one, or coping with a life-threatening illness.
Not only did the presence of risky behavior at baseline correlate with future PTSD symptoms, but it was also tied to the likelihood of experiencing new traumatic events. This led the researchers to suggest that risky behavior may lead to worse PTSD symptoms in the future by leading to a greater number of stressful life events. The findings suggest that many veterans with PTSD continue to experience stressful events that may prolong or worsen their PTSD symptoms, even years after the initial trauma.
The study authors write, "Driving while intoxicated, for example, increases the likelihood of experiencing a traumatic motor vehicle accident, overt aggression can elicit assaultive behavior from others, and drug use can increase exposure to drug-related crime and physical injury." In other words, risky and harmful behaviors could lead to more trauma and, in turn, worse PSTD over time.
The results are of particular interest to VA. In addition to having much higher rates of PTSD, veterans are also more likely to engage in risky behavior. Veterans are at around 50 percent higher risk of suicide than civilians. They are also more frequently incarcerated for violent offenses and more likely to drive recklessly. Veterans also have higher rates of binge drinking and pathological gambling than their non-veteran counterparts.
VA and other health care systems need to focus on more assessment and treatment of problematic behavior in trauma-exposed individuals, say the researchers. They write, "Considering the number of veterans who have been diagnosed with PTSD and are reintegrated into society, understanding how reckless behaviors relate to the maintenance of PTSD symptoms is an important area of study."
###
This study was funded by a VA Clinical Science Research and Development Program award to Dr. Mark Miller and a Career Development Award to Dr. Erika Wolf.
Malawi's head of parks and wildlife Brighton Kumchedwa is the recipient of the 2017 Tusk Award for conservation in Africa.
They were named Wednesday night in Cape Town, South Africa. The award comes with K18 million to go to efforts to preserve wildlife. “This has put Malawi on the map. It shows that what we are doing in the fight against wildlife crime is receiving global recognition. “It makes me to feel proud and makes me to be a hero in as far as the fight against wildlife crime is concerned,” Kumchedwa said. To scoop the award, Kumchedwa floored finalists Nachamada Geoffrey from Nigeria and Serah Munguti from Kenya continental giants in th management of parks wildlife. About the contestants, goodthingsguy.com wrote that it takes the dedication and hard work of people with a true passion for conservation to stand up and fight for African wildlife. “These men and women implement plans and strategies to halt the decline of endangered species, they work on breeding plans and even stand on the frontline in the war against poaching,” writes the website. Tusk is a charity that helps support conservation and empowers local communities to preserve and protect Africa's unique wildlife and habitats.
Who is Brighton Kumchedwa?
Brighton Kumchedwa is a highly personable, strategic and dedicated conservationist.
They have dedicated their life to conserving Malawi's wildlife and has spent their entire career within the Department of National Parks and Wildlife (DNPW), starting as a Parks Officer before and working their way up to their current position of Director of DNPW.
Brighton holds an MA Environment & Socio-Economic Development.
Brighton's openness and vision has secured multiple strategic partnerships with NGOs to implement large-scale education and training, alternative livelihoods, park management, combating illegal wildlife trade and wildlife veterinary support programmes. Brighton was instrumental in negotiating the agreement for African Parks to manage Liwonde and Nkhotakota National Parks, which were suffering from significant poaching and lack of investment. This was a game-changing decision and Brighton will continue to provide strategic leadership through their position on the African Parks Malawi Board. In 2014 Brighton commissioned the region's first Illegal Wildlife Trade Review. Recognising that Malawi is now southern Africa's major illegal wildlife trade route, they have worked tirelessly and in less than three years has personally secured Presidential commitment to fight wildlife crime; led the development of Malawi's new Wildlife Act (with some of the toughest penalties in Africa); established the Inter-Agency Committee for Combating Wildlife Crime, a model for the region, and supported the Malawi Parliamentary Conservation Caucus.
Brighton says, “during my career I have sadly seen us move from a period of plenty in terms of wildlife to a period of huge losses. We must work every day to ensure that our wildlife and forests are not lost. The wildlife crisis we are facing is terrifying, but we are in a position to make a difference, before it is too late. That's what I remind myself every day.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) - The United Nations said Monday it received official notification of the Philippines' decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, a move that follows the tribunal's announcement of a preliminary probe of drug suspect killings under the president.
U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said the Office of Legal Affairs' treaty section received a document Saturday signed by Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano informing Secretary-General Antonio Guterres of the Philippines' decision to pull out of the ICC.
Haq said the document "constitutes a notification" under the Rome Statute that established the court, and "the withdrawal shall therefore take effect for the Philippines one year after the date of receipt, i.e., on March 17, 2019."
Last month, ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, announced that they were opening a preliminary examination into a complaint by a Filipino lawyer of suspected extrajudicial killings under President Rodrigo Duterte's anti-drug campaign, which could amount to crimes against humanity.
The move angered Duterte, who announced last Wednesday that they were withdrawing the Philippine ratification of the Rome Statute "effective immediately."
Although the Philippine Senate ratified the Rome Statute, Duterte said the treaty was never enforced in the country because it was not published in the government journal as required by law.
They cited "a concerted effort" by Bensouda and U.N. human rights officials "to paint me as a ruthless and heartless violator of human rights."
More than 4,000 mostly poor drug suspects have been killed under Duterte's drug crackdown, according to the national police, although human rights groups have reported larger death tolls.
Duterte argued last Wednesday that the killings do not amount to crimes against humanity, genocide or similar atrocities.
Duterte's action came under fire from human rights groups, who said the president was trying to evade accountability by backing out of the ICC.
The International Criminal Court, which began operating in 2002, is the world's first permanent war crimes tribunal. Currently, 124 countries are parties to the Rome Statute.
Under the treaty, the court can step in only when countries themselves are unwilling or unable to dispense justice for genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes.
South Korean judge O-Gon Kwon, president of the Assembly of States Parties to the ICC, expressed regret at Duterte's decision to withdraw and encouraged the Philippines to remain a party to the court.
"A state party withdrawing from the Rome Statute would negatively impact our collective efforts towards fighting impunity," they said.
Management is critical to the success of any business or firm. It consists of a wide range
of responsibilities from hiring to employee management to the development and implementation
of benefit packages. The overall strategy of a company or organization is built by and
enacted by management.
The primary function of Toronto hiring agency is the satisfaction of a range of
stakeholders. This typically involves making a profit (for the shareholders), creating
valued products at a reasonable cost (for customers), and providing great employment
opportunities for employees.
Headhunters Toronto partners with company owners, senior managers and human resource
departments to help them build the strongest possible teams. They also aid infinding
individuals who are well qualified and prepared to consider a change in employment. Their
recruitment services are dependent on the necessary and primary needs of the organization.
For instance when it comes to larger organizations who often know exactly what they want
but have limited time, Headhunters Toronto, as a hiring agency in Toronto, digs deeper for
quality thereby bringing a wider selection of candidates forward for consideration no
matter the allotted time for the search. In the case of a smaller organization that may be
unsure of exactly the type of person that they need in order to address a particular problem
or to enable them to grow, they also help to define the role and the ideal characteristics
so that identification of the best candidates available is met.
This strategic idea is complemented by research and direct sourcing, supported by selective
advertising to quickly generate interest among currently available candidates. The search
projects are divided into two distinct phases which includes; research, to target highly
qualified candidates, and assessment. In their research they utilize primary sources such as
commercial data bases, social networks, educational institutions, government sites and
industry specific registries. In addition, Toronto hiring agency makes use of extensive
personal connections to reach out to identify individuals likely to be of interest and who
both appear to fit the criteria set for the job and alsoare willing to enter into a
discussion about their careers. Secondly, the assessment process involves in-depth
discussions to determine background, experience and potential fit with the client's
organization.
Head Hunters Toronto objective is to present a selection of the best candidates available in
the current market to clients as soon as possible from the start of the engagement. The
target time frame can vary, of course, depending on the particular role, geographic
location, compensation level and the availability of candidates who are qualified and
willing to be considered.
For more info, visit https://kathbern.com/
A minor was raped in Sagar district in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday. Five people including a woman were arrested.
A 14-year-old girl was abducted and raped by four men in Sagar district on Wednesday morning. The victim was dumped near their school.
All four perpetrators were arrested by noon and are being questioned by the police. According to the police, three of the four perpetrators are minor in age.
SP Satyendra Shukla said, "All accused have been arrested. We are questioning them."
The four men who were allegedly aided by a woman is apparently mother of one of the perpetrators. Meanwhile, the victim is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital and their condition was said to be stable. (ANI)
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor. They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate their predecessor's health law - but ironically, their administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Speaking to Russia's Kommersant newspaper, Tarasenko explained that the company has divided its business into three main clusters.
"The first involves the modernization of aircraft which had been delivered to the customer earlier," they said. "In other words, we can modernize them in such a way as to bring their characteristics as close as possible to fifth generation aircraft."
"The second area, which we are proposing to our customers, and on which we are proactively working, is a prospective long-range interceptor aircraft," Tarasenko added.
Tarasenko said that work on the new aircraft is already underway, even as the company continues to fulfill its commitments to modernize Russia's fleet of Mig-31 fighter-interceptors. According to the official, the company hopes to have a new plane ready by the time the next prospective modernization of the MiG-31 rolls around. "That's our plan," they said.
The MiG-31 is a long-range supersonic fighter-interceptor, designed for use against both high and low-altitude airborne targets. The plane was first introduced with the Soviet military in 1980, and its mass production continued until 1994. MiG Corporation is currently fulfilling a contract to modernize the Russian Aerospace Defense Forces' existing fleet of MiG-31s. The military expects for the planes to remain in service until at least 2030.
© Sputnik/ Vitaliy Ankov The MIG-31 interceptor jet
Dmitri Drozdenko, military expert and deputy chief editor of Arsenal of the Fatherland, a Russian military affairs magazine, told Radio Sputnik that even though it was only natural for MiG to work on new designs, the MiG-31 has quite a bit of juice left in it.
"The [existing] MiGs are undergoing modernization, so these machines will continue to serve for a while yet," the expert explained. "The MiG-31 has a very large reserve [of potential] left in it; it's an excellent aircraft, and very formidable. The plane retained all the best qualities from [its predecessor,] the MiG-25; initially, its task was to allow several formations to close off the country's entire northern flank to enemy missiles and aircraft traveling at high altitudes and high speeds. In addition, these aircraft are capable of working in groups, exchanging information while in flight."
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov Russian Defense Ministry Signs Pantsir-S Delivery Contract
Drozdenko noted that by the time the MiG-31 requires its next modernization, a new aircraft built on new principles must be ready to take its place. "This new plane will likely be able to fly to near space, and may perhaps have hypersonic capabilities."
In any case, the analyst emphasized that Russian aircraft designers are not standing in place, and are building on their earlier work.
"[MiG-31s] are not attack aircraft; they are aircraft for defense. Their task is to defend our airspace from enemy aircraft and cruise missiles. Naturally, this is very important for a country like ours, because we have very large borders and a vast airspace, and just covering them with air defense systems like the S-300 or S-400 on our borders is just impossible. Therefore, our aviation does not stand in place; we have preserved the groundwork of past years, and are moving into the future," Drozdenko concluded.
In their interview with Kommersant, Tarasenko also indicated that MiG also has a third major area of business: drone aircraft.
"Unmanned drones are the future," they said. "The operation being conducted by our armed forces in Syria has demonstrated that we cannot underestimate the role of unmanned aircraft in conflicts. [We have projects] created starting in the early 2000s which have been very useful. Much of this groundwork has been used by our design bureau. We're talking about light UAVs, capable of performing reconnaissance missions, conducting electronic warfare, and striking at enemy targets."
© Sputnik/ Anton Denisov A full-sized model of the unmanned aerial vehicle Skat (background) and Kh-31 guided missiles (foreground) in a hangar of the Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG, the 8th MAKS-2007 air show in Zhukovsky
"We are formulating our proposals in these three areas," Tarasenko said. "And I can reveal a secret: there will be a drone combining all three functions," they added.
MiG's general director confirmed that development work on drones has already reached the prototype stage. "We bring our designs to our customers; after a decision is made, financing will continue."
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed their mind and will be staying with the Volunteers.
Kirkland shared on social media last week that they were leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining.
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin, Florida, that they met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee.
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a first-year student in 2015, but injuries limited them in 2016 and prevented them from playing at all last year. They made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain. They sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury.
Police are on the lookout for a missing man, who they say was reported last seen in late August.
Authorities are hoping to get some information as to the whereabouts of 27-year-old Joseph Emanuel Lartey. According to police, Lartey was last seen at the Squeaky Clean car wash located near I-40 and S. Anderson Road back on August 28.
So far, authorities have not said what circumstances they believe led to Lartey's disappearance.
If you have any information regarding their whereabouts, you are asked to call 911 immediately.
TBILISI, Georgia — Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale on Friday to keep alive its chances of qualifying automatically for next year's World Cup in Russia.
Tom Lawrence scored the winning goal for the 2016 European Championship semifinalists in the 49th minute, when they spun their marker and sent in a low shot from 20 metres that proved too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out.
Wales moved a point behind Serbia, which plays Austria later Friday and can guarantee first place in Group D with a win in Vienna.
Third-placed Ireland must beat Moldova at home to stay within a point of Wales, ahead of a meeting between the two Celtic rivals in Cardiff on Monday in the final round of qualifiers.
Its new chip platform, unveiled in Taiwan, combines AI and high-performance computing.
The news: SiliconAngle reports that Nvidia, which makes super-fast GPU chips often used in gaming, has launched HGX-2, which combines 16 advanced GPUs to handle AI tasks in the cloud.
The need for speed: AI systems train on lots of data. The faster they can crunch numbers, the better. Nvidia says its new platform has hit record training speeds of 15,500 images a second.
The competition: Other companies are gunning for the AI cloud market too. Intel is working on dedicated AI chips, and some AI-powered firms like Facebook are making their own.
Why this matters: Beefing up cloud computing power for AI will help accelerate advances in everything from policing online content to guiding self-driving cars.
"It's our job and it's the job of each and every one of us to get back up and to go back to work and to keep living our lives and to continue to celebrate and to do the things that these acts try to eliminate," said Sanchez, who coached at Las Vegas' Bishop Gorman High before being hired by the Rebels in December 2014.
"I think that's one of the biggest things we've learned as a nation is when these things happen, we need to grieve and we need to give it time, but we also need to keep living and keep loving and keep doing the things that make this country so great. We can never let that stop and that has to be our combined mission."
PREGAME
UNLV will honour the victims of the shooting and people who helped in the aftermath.
"While football is just a game, it can also serve as a rallying point of unity and allow all of us to recognize the incredible heroism displayed by so many this week," athletic director Desiree Reed-Francois said. "We are all extremely proud of our community's response over the last couple of days."
A full-field flag will be unfurled for the national anthem. The flag is being lent to UNLV by San Diego's Holiday Bowl, with help from the Las Vegas Bowl.
Besides the players wearing ribbon decals on their helmets, both coaching staffs will wear the ribbons and they will be given to fans.
SDSU PERSPECTIVE
A week after beating Northern Illinois 34-28 in a heated, physical matchup, the Aztecs will experience different emotions.
"Obviously, it's a much different week than normal," coach Rocky Long said. "The tragedy that's happened in Las Vegas has changed the feel of this game. Obviously it's going to be different than what we normally get ready for."
Long noted that the Rebels started slow "but are getting better and better as they go. They played well last week and we're tied for first in the Western Division of our conference so the winner of this is one up on the other. So the game is important, but it's not nearly as important as everything else that's going on."
RUNNING BACKS
Penny ranks second nationally at 164.6 yards per game and UNLV junior Lexington Thomas ranks fourth at 142.8. Penny was held to a season-low 107 yards by NIU. They had their right eye gouged by Huskies LB Antonio Jones-Davis and finished the game wearing a visor in their facemask. Penny said their eye is OK and they won't wear the visor against the Rebels. Penny's output was hurt by the absence of senior RG Antonio Rosales, who could miss their second straight game with an ankle injury.
CHASING HISTORY
SDSU is looking for its first 6-0 start since 1975, when it opened 8-0 before losing its final three games. The Aztecs are also eyeing their third straight MWC title and their fans hope they can clinch the Group of Five's bid in a major bowl.
By Bernie Wilson, The Associated Press
Timo Scheider‘s Race weekend at Silverstone in the Americas Rallycross curtain raiser was one of ups and downs.
After a retirement and missing out on a win due to a bonnet issue, Scheider recovered to win their final qualifying heat on Sunday and was on course for a remarkable second place in the main event.
Unfortunately for the ex-DTM man, a suspension issue caused by the jump on the opening lap came to a head on lap four when their Seat Ibiza supercar hit the barriers at turn nine.
“To recover like this was just amazing,” said Scheider. “After the DNF and the issue with the bonnet in Q2, then winning overall in Q4, that was like a good comeback for us and that showed the performance of the car and it was pretty good compared to the factory cars so that was a nice surprise today to see this.”
“In the final I had a pretty decent start lap again like in Q4, a good fight with the guys in the Volkswagens, I went to P2 and I realised directly after the jump on the first lap something felt strange on the front axle and I just kept going,” they added. “It took out a bit of speed over the jump just to be not too hard to the car, but then out of the second to last corner suddenly the front wheel just popped out of the wheel arch and something broke, the car was just sending me straight into the wall so I couldn't do anything.”
Scheider was pleased with the pace shown by both Seats all weekend, with their car being a year-old European Rallycross car, while teammate and team owner Rene Munnich‘s car was only completed on the Monday before the event.
“It's a shame because it was a surprisingly good speed we had this weekend and to be more or less on the level of the Volkswagen is something I did not expect at all. It's a shame we couldn't get the result,” they said. “Out of the box, without even proper testing, the car felt good and I was happy with the balance. “
“Yes, now there is some work to do for the guys unfortunately and I'm really sorry for that but I would have loved to give them the trophy for the weekend for that good work over the winter time,” they added. “It's a bit frustrating on one side, but on the other hand we can be proud about the speed we had.”
THINGS are baaaaad for Barnaby Joyce following the revelation of their dual citizenship and the internet can't help but poke fun at the New Zealander.
Sheep, Kiwi fruit, Johnny Depp and the ‘beached az, bro' cartoon were all common elements of the online mockery.
#satire #freedomofspeech #barnabyjoyce #dual #australia & #newzealand #citizenship #shaunthesheep #funny A post shared by Matthew Glenn Ward (@matthewglennward) on Aug 14, 2017 at 4:54am PDT
The fact that Joyce grew up on a sheep farm in Tamworth made things almost too easy for social media users wanting to poke fun at the Deputy Prime Minister, whose father was a New Zealander.
Barnaby Joyce a kiwi. The signs were there if only we knew to read them #auspol pic.twitter.com/Y8L9aurqEW — Conor Murtagh (@conormurtaghRAW) August 14, 2017
Joyce's strong condemnation of actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard bringing their dogs Pistol and Boo into Australia illegally has also left people musing that the pair must be somewhere smiling. Joyce forced them into an apology video after threatening to euthanise their dogs. Neither has commented on the revelation so far.
Barnaby Joyce has issued an apology pic.twitter.com/RSy1bmGPuM — Tahlia Pritchard (@Tahls) August 14, 2017
Other social media users wondered how we couldn't have guessed that Joyce was a Kiwi.
Oh Barnaby Joyce, if only there were signs #auspol pic.twitter.com/DMM8hcd4xX — Josh Earl (@MrJoshEarl) August 14, 2017
my god... we were all so blind pic.twitter.com/dyzvuXSjTO — mat whitehead (@matwhi) August 14, 2017
Barnaby Joyce right now. pic.twitter.com/JSpoP5AmH2 — Bondi Burger (@TheBondiBurger) August 14, 2017
Joyce said they were ‘shocked' to find out they were a New Zealander but would stay in their position while the matter was referred to the High Court.
Under New Zealand law, a child born to a Kiwi parent is automatically given citizenship without needing to apply.
My contribution to the Barnaby brouhaha... #barnabyjoyce #auspol #kiwi #choicebro #jandals #icwest A post shared by @freocookster on Aug 14, 2017 at 1:04am PDT
#barnabyjoyce #auspol #pistolandboo #passthepopcorn A post shared by Kelly James (@kelly.elizabeth.james) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:27pm PDT
Once Were Aussies #BarnabyJoyce A post shared by Andy Cowland (@andycowland) on Aug 13, 2017 at 10:36pm PDT
‪#BarnabyJoyce #Auspol #BarnabyChoice #Barnaby‬ A post shared by One Eye Hawk (@oneeyehawk) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:58am PDT
Originally published as Social media skewers Baaarnaby Joyce
Dee Ann Andretti, the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports, has died. They were 76.
Andretti died Tuesday, a few weeks after suffering a heart attack. Grandson Marco Andretti announced their death on social media , posting: "RIP Grammy Andretti. You will be missed." The IndyCar Series later confirmed their death.
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while they were teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. They were married a few months later, in November 1961.
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while their husband became one of the world's most successful race car drivers.
Advertisement
 They are survived by their husband, sons Michael and Jeff, daughter Barbie Dee and seven grandchildren.
___
More AP auto racing: https://racing.ap.org
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
US retail sales rise in January, led by gas and restaurants Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Retail sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent last month, slowing down from a solid 1 percent gain in December, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.
Overall sales likely pulled back from a December bump in holiday shopping online and at auto dealers, while Americans spent more than normally expected last month at clothiers, department stores, electronics outlets and sporting goods retailers.
Higher gas prices drove a 2.3 percent sales increase at service stations last month. Gasoline prices climbed 7.8 percent between January and December, according to a separate Labor Department report released Wednesday. The retail sales report does not adjust its figures for prices.
Purchases at restaurants and bars climbed 1.4 percent. Building materials stores saw a slight 0.3 percent gain.
But sales at auto dealers slipped 1.2 percent, a sharp pull back after jumping 2.9 percent in December.
Sales at non-store retailers such as internet outlets were flat in January, although they have climbed 12 percent over the past year as more Americans prefer to shop via their computers and phones.
Over the past 12 months, total retail sales have risen a solid 5.6 percent. The greater spending likely reflects the improving job market. Employers added 227,000 workers in January, while the unemployment rate ticked up slightly to 4.8 percent because more people started looking for jobs and were counted as unemployed.
According to the IRS, more Americans renounced their US citizenship in 2016 than any other year on record. The numbers have been rapidly climbing since 2011, from less than 1,000 in that year to 5,411 in 2016.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Law enforcement reports that the suspect who fired at a Republican staffers and Congressmen at baseball practice Wednesday morning is a man from Illinois. The suspect is identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, IL. The shooter's injuries were described as serious. President Donald Trump says that Hodgkinson has died.
Hodgkinson owned a home inspection business. Their license expired in November 2016 and was not renewed, state records show.
Belleville police and the FBI are at Hodgkinson's home in rural Belleville Wednesday morning. They are telling media to standby for an update. They are asking reporters to remain at a distance as they investigate.
The Washington Post talked to an acquaintance of Hodgkinson. They tell them that they went to Iowa to campaign for Senator Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign. Hodgkinson is described as a "passionate progressive" and showed no signs of violence.
Sen. Bernie Sanders issued this statement about the shooting: “Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise, the congressional aides and police officers who were injured. We've got to stop the violence.”
The St. Clair County prosecutor says Hodgkinson has an arrest record. It is not very extensive. They were involved a shoving match. The 2006 case was dismissed after the alleged victim didn't show up for the court hearing. In 2011 they were also involved in a traffic accident.
According to @ILSecOfState #AlexandriaShooting suspect James T. Hodgkinson dissolved their Belleville, IL based inspection business in Dec.'16 pic.twitter.com/AACk4g0S2T — Mike Colombo (@Mike_Colombo) June 14, 2017
Our sister station, KTVI in St. Louis, found archived video of James Hodgkinson at a political protest in 2011.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in what sources are calling an apparent "deliberate attack."
Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks, who told CNN they were on deck when the shooting occurred.
As of 9:45 a.m. ET, Scalise was in stable condition but undergoing surgery, according to a statement from their office.
"Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone," the statement said. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues."
The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of their staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer's injuries.
According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a "deliberate attack."
Two law enforcement sources told CNN the shooter, who is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. It was not immediately clear whether it would go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909.
Lawmakers describe a chaotic scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging themselves roughly 15 yards away from second base, where they had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist them and apply pressure to the wound until they could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said they and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN "it would have been a massacre" without Capitol Hill Police.
"Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police," Paul said on CNN. "It would have been a massacre without them."
"We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with," Brooks said.
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that they saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
"50 (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure," Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Flake said two members of Scalise's security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest.
Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that "I saw them for a second or two." They said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
"The gun was a semiautomatic," Brooks said, adding that they were sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. "It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter."
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased "out of an abundance of caution."
President Donald Trump also canceled an afternoon event at the Department of Labor.
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told CNN that they learned of the news in the gym, and that members were all standing by for more information as the news unfolded.
The Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives, Paul Irving, is scheduled to brief House members on Capitol Hill in the 11 a.m. ET hour.
Trump tweets on the incident
The President is monitoring the situation, the White House said in a statement.
"The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely," Trump said in a statement. "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected."
Trump subsequently tweeted, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy are safe on Capitol Hill and receiving updates, aides tell CNN. Neither was at the practice.
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a "Congress On Your Corner" event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
LUXEMBOURG (Sputnik) — The European Union's General Court ruled on Thursday not to annul Ukraine-related restrictive measures against Dmitry Kiselev, director general of the Rossiya Segodnya International Information Agency.
"Since all the pleas in law relied on by the applicant have been rejected, the action must be dismissed in its entirety," the text of the judgment reads.
The court has issued its decision after striking down six pleas in the action that Kiselev brought against the Council of the European Union.
Kiselev, in response to the verdict, decried the European bureaucracy's a priori dominance over the judiciary "since cases against them are progressing in court at a snail's pace."
"Any Russian citizen who decides to challenge the sanctions against them in court is in fact deprived of the right to defense," they said. "For example, I was not given the opportunity to personally take part in the hearing on my own case."
The European Union imposed a travel ban and an asset freeze on Kiselev on March 21, 2014. They challenged these restrictions at EU's General Court in Luxembourg in May 2015,
Kiselev, who is also the anchor of the Vesti Nedeli (Weekly News) TV show, was one of the first Russians to face individual EU sanctions after Crimea's reunification with Russia three years ago.
The General Court's decision can be appealed to the Court of Justice.
by Sally Colby
That's Sonny Perdue's motto for the USDA, and they plan to share it with farmers across all 50 states as they discuss the upcoming Farm Bill.
Perdue, the 31st U.S. Secretary of Agriculture, grew up on a dairy and row crop farm in Georgia, spent time as a veterinarian in private practice, had a successful career in agribusiness and served as the Governor of Georgia.
During a recent stop at the Reinford Farms in Mifflintown, PA, Perdue first toured the family's dairy operation and talked with the Reinford family about the challenges of the industry. The family milks 650 cows and farms 1,300 acres, and recently installed a manure digester that provides power for 100 homes as well as the buildings on their own farm.
Perdue has visited more than 30 states to date, and plans to visit all 50 states. “To get out and listen to what it's really like,” they said, explaining the purpose of their tour. “What's working, what isn't working, and how can we do better. Looking at the Farm Bill, which will be here for five years, what do we need to do?”
During their tour, Perdue is rolling out what they refer to as the principles of the Farm Bill. They pointed out that while Congress writes the Farm Bill, they rely on the USDA for data to inform them about constructing it.
“We do that by coming out here and talking with our customers in the field,” said Perdue. “People on dairy farms, row crop farms and production agriculture in many other ways.”
Perdue says the upcoming Bill will be more evolutionary than revolutionary. “We've moved away from direct payments and into a risk management system which farmers participate in,” they said. “It's more palatable to the public and the taxpayer, understanding that farmers are responsible for their own safety net to a large degree through crop insurance.”
In addition to providing guidelines for a safety net, the Farm Bill will help farmers make market-based decisions. Perdue says the best Farm Bill program is one in which farmers can look at the market and let the market tell them what they should be producing. “The worldwide market is huge,” they said. “But let the market tell farmers what they ought to be doing rather than farming for a farm program or government payment. Most farmers I know would much rather have a good crop and receive a good price than a farm program and government check. There's a lot of disparity across the country about farm subsidies.”
Perdue reviewed the principles of the Bill starting with Farm Production and Conservation. Because compliance with regulations is intertwined with farming operations, Perdue explained that the USDA will be co-locating NRCS and FSA offices to aid farmers in meeting required compliance. “How do we design a safety net that allows people to continue to farm year after year irrespective of the vagaries of the weather?” they said. “There are so many risks farmers face that people have no idea about. You can do the best job in the world planting the seeds and caring for that crop, but we're all still vulnerable to the things beyond our control, and that's where the safety net comes into play.”
Farm Production & Conservation programs will continue to be a top priority, ensuring runoff is managed effectively and conservation programs such as CRP and EQIP are used to incentivize the best management practices. Also included in the Farm Production & Conservation segment is encouraging entry into farming through increased access to land and capital for young, beginning, veteran and underrepresented farmers.
As they introduced the next aspect of the Bill, Trade & Foreign Agricultural Affairs, Perdue noted that more than 50 percent of agricultural income is derived from trade outside the United States. The Bill includes efforts to improve U.S. market competitiveness by expanding investments, strengthening accountability of export promotion programs, and incentivizing stronger financial partnerships. There's also emphasis on ensuring the Farm Bill is consistent with U.S. international trade laws and obligations.
The Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services, also known as SNAP, is the basis for most of the funding for the Farm Bill. “We have to figure out ways to feed the poorest of our society more productively,” said Perdue. “Helping them learn to transition to an independent lifestyle that would build the economy based on the tax bill. We want to encourage people to get back to the workplace and enable them to become independent of government help. Food stamps were designed as a supplemental program on a temporary basis, and during the last downturn became more of lifestyle for some people. Our goal is to help them move toward an independent lifestyle that rewards them with the dignity that work can provide.” Perdue says the USDA intends to work with Congress to design a program that provides for able-bodied people who need temporary help.
Perdue says Marketing & Regulatory Programs play a major role in keeping the country free from invasive species. They used the example of one of the most recent foreign invaders, the spotted lanternfly, as a top priority under this section of the Farm Bill. “Commodity groups use the marketing access program through checkoff funds to help gain market access across the world,” said Perdue.
The Food Safety & Inspection Services segment of the USDA is responsible for maintaining a safe food supply. Perdue emphasized the need for customers to have confidence in a safe food supply. The USDA supports and enhances FSIS (Food Safety and Inspection Service) to ensure the safety of meat, poultry and egg products, and aims to improve coordination and clarity on execution of food safety responsibilities. This segment will also focus resources on products and processes that pose the greatest risk to public health.
Perdue is committed to the Research, Education & Economics segment of the Farm Bill, and wants a public research agenda that places the United States at the forefront of food and agriculture scientific development. They recalled their visit to Penn State University just prior to their stop at Reinford Farms and emphasized the importance of land grant universities in agricultural research.
The Rural Development segment includes programs that help connect rural American communities, homes, farms, businesses, first responders, educational facilities and healthcare facilities to affordable and reliable high-speed internet services. Perdue is committed to ensuring rural prosperity and helping create a quality of life that attracts and retains the next generation.
Perdue explained that the Natural Resources & Environment portion is primarily focused on the forest service. Perdue wants to reduce regulatory impediments to timely environmental review, sound harvesting, fire management and habitat protection to improve forest health while providing jobs to rural communities.
Finally, the Management portion of the Farm Bill involves making the USDA work for all USDA customers. “I want the USDA to be the most respected, the most efficient, the best managed, most customer-focused agency in federal government,” said Perdue. “I want to interface with you in a new and different way, taking modern technology to bilaterally transfer information from you to us and us to you.”
"This economy has always been something of a healthy tortoise," said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management. "I think growth will pick up a bit, but there is sort of a failure to bounce in this economy."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 46.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 25.48 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index sank 8.41 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,417.57. That suggests investors are worried about the economy, which could have an outsize effect on smaller, domestically-focused companies.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations, department stores and electronics retailers last month. Video game seller GameStop gave up 35 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $21.55 and department store chain Kohl's dropped 38 cents, or 1 percent, to $37.66.
In a separate report, the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped, partly because of lower energy prices. That's one reason there has been little inflation in the economy lately, a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers.
Bond prices jumped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.13 percent from 2.21 percent. Earlier, the 10-year note hit its lowest level since November.
Among big dividend payers, cereal maker General Mills rose 58 cents, or 1 percent, to $58.64 and PepsiCo advanced $1.05 to $117.37. American Water Works rose $1.14, or 1.4 percent, to $81.32.
Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil lost 89 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $82.07 and Anadarko Petroleum sank $1.94, or 3.9 percent, to $47.28.
The Fed also gave more details about its plans to shrink its bond portfolio. Later this year it will reduce the amount of principal payments it invests in new bonds. It does not plan to sell any bonds.
Investors have been pleased that the Fed is disclosing details of its plans and doesn't intend to move too quickly. Still, Kelly, of JPMorgan Asset Management, said they think that will have a big effect on the bond market: as the Fed lets its balance sheet shrink and buys fewer bonds, prices will fall and yields will rise.
For a decade, some security professionals have held out extended validation certificates as an innovation in website authentication because they require the person applying for the credential to undergo legal vetting. That's a step up from less stringent domain validation that requires applicants to merely demonstrate control over the site's Internet name. Now, a researcher has shown how EV certificates can be used to trick people into trusting scam sites, particularly when targets are using Apple's Safari browser.
Researcher Ian Carroll filed the necessary paperwork to incorporate a business called Stripe Inc. They then used the legal entity to apply for an EV certificate to authenticate the Web page https://stripe.ian.sh/. When viewed in the address bar, the page looks eerily similar to https://stripe.com/, the online payments service that also authenticates itself using an EV certificate issued to Stripe Inc.
The demonstration is concerning because many security professionals counsel end users to look for EV certificates when trying to tell if a site such as https://www.paypal.com is an authentic Web property rather than a fly-by-night look-alike page that's out to steal passwords. But as Carroll's page shows, EV certs can also be used to trick end users into thinking a page has connections to a trusted service or business when in fact no such connection exists. The false impression can be especially convincing when end users use Apple's Safari browser because it often strips out the domain name in the address bar, leaving only the name of the legal entity that obtained the EV certificate.
"With enough mouse clicks, you may be able to open a system certificate viewer or get your browser to show you the city and state," Carroll wrote. "But neither of these are helpful to a typical user, and they will likely just blindly trust the bright green indicator."
Carroll's demonstration comes three months after researcher James Burton exposed a different way EV certificates can be used to trick end users. They established a business named "Identity Verified" and showed how the resulting EV certificate might be used to add the air of authenticity a scam site. Both Carroll and Burton said little effort was necessary to create the legal entities. Carroll said the demo cost $177: $100 in incorporation expenses and $77 for the certificate.
The demonstrations are generating productive discussions among developers about the way EV certificates should be treated in browser user interfaces. Security professionals are also openly discussing whether certificate rules should be modified to prevent these types of cases.
For the time being, people should remember that EV certificates aren't automatically a panacea for online fraud. In some cases, certificates could make an otherwise obvious scam site seem legitimate. When in doubt, end users should carefully inspect the certificate and ensure it was issued to the operator of the trusted site.
OSLO, April 28 The average price of Norwegian farmed salmon is expected to rise by 2-3 crowns to 64-65 crowns per kilo for deliveries in Oslo next week, sources in the fish farming industry told Reuters on Friday.
Salmon prices were in the range of 62-63 crowns per kilo this week, compared to last Friday's expectations of 60-64 crowns.
"Prices are up 3 crowns to 65 crowns per kilo. Monday is closed (due to holiday) and there are somewhat lower production next week," one exporter, who declined to be named, told Reuters.
A producer, who also declined to be named, confirmed prices were rising.
"We are at about 64-65 crowns in Oslo next week, up from 62-63 crowns this week," the producer said.
"The positive mood and order books are filled up after the seafood conference in Brussels this week," they added.
Prices have fallen from around 80 crowns per kilo in early January but industry earnings margins are still high by historical standards, despite a sharp rise in production costs in Norway in recent years to around 32-33 crowns per kilo.
Supply constraints are expected to support prices in the first half of 2017 before an expected increase in volumes later in the year, fish farmers including Marine Harvest, Leroey Seafood and Salmar recently said.
Norway is the world's top salmon exporter, with leading producers including Marine Harvest, Salmar, Leroy Seafood, Grieg Seafood and Norway Royal Salmon. (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
Sure, right now you're thinking about turkey and stuffing and pie and football. But you've already been looking at the Black Friday ads and plotting your shopping strategy, admit it. Truthfully, that is really the way to do it, if indeed, you plan to wade out into the mass and madness of humanity that is Black Friday shopping!
Even better, if you're spending your money at some of the awesome small businesses in the Sioux Empire! That being said, this upcoming Saturday, November 25, is Small Business Saturday.
This event has been around since 2010 and was initiated by American Express in partnership with the National Trust for Historic Preservation. The objective was to shine a light on small businesses across the country and that tradition continues.
Statistics from the Small Business Administration's Office of Advocacy indicate that 60 to 80% of all new jobs in the U.S. come from small businesses.Which is another reason we should all support our small business owners.
Plus, a nice thing about Small Business Saturday is the somewhat slower pace. You can actually do a little strolling while you shop, instead of charging in like a S.W.A.T. team!
So smile while shopping small this Saturday!
See Also:
Ventra Is Ditching Prepaid Debit Option, Adopting a Groovy New Card Design
Picasso-inspired. Mid-Century Modern-influenced. Harlequin-esque. Psychedelic. Pointy. Fallout shelter.
All these phrases come to mind when I gaze at the hypnotic new design of the CTA Ventra fare payment card, which will be available for sale starting Monday, December 18. The new fare cards are also being mailed to customers who have previously registered their cards at ventrachicago.com and whose current cards are expiring.
“The Ventra card's new design is inspired by the Ventra ‘V', featuring a repetition of geometric triangles to create a pattern in varied hues of blue, a nod to Lake Michigan,” the transit agency said in a news release. Whatever, the new design is a huge improvement over its dreary, gray predecessor, which resembles a boring bankcard. That's no coincidence, because the image makeover coincides with the transit agency phasing out the optional prepaid debit card function of the original Ventra cards – more on that below.
In 2013 the Ventra payment system began to replace the CTA's magnetic strip cards in a rollout that was so glitchy – remember having to tap your Ventra card seven times on a bus before it registered? – that someone recorded a NSFW rap song about the problem. In one aspect, Ventra still isn't as functional as the Chicago Card, which told you how much value was left when you swiped it at a turnstile.
But the bugs were eventually worked out, and a major advantage of the Ventra system, intended for use on all three regional transit networks, materialized in 2015 when the Ventra App debuted. This allows customers to skip Metra ticket windows and machines and pay on the train with out the usual onboard payment surcharge.
The first Ventra cards, issued in 2013, will begin to expire on December 31, 2017, through 2022. Ventra will send email notifications to registered customers two months before their cards expire, asking them to confirm their current mailing address so they can receive a free replacement card through the mail.
The agency is also encouraging Ventra holders who haven't yet registered their cards to do so now. Not only do you get a refund for the $5 cost of the card in fare credit after you register it, if you lose the card you don't lose your stored fare value.
As part of the switch, the new Ventra cards will no longer offer the prepaid debit account feature that was an option when the system launched in 2013. “After analyzing customer preferences and habits, CTA determined that there wasn't significant demand for this feature in part because of the numerous prepaid debit products in the marketplace and electronic payment options like Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay, which have become more accessible and provide consumers with increased financial options, including the ability to pay their Ventra fares,” the CTA stated.
The prepaid debit function will become unavailable at the end of the year. Customers who have opened prepaid debit accounts as a part of their Ventra accounts can transfer funds to new prepaid cards offered by Money Network, which has administered the debit feature for Ventra. Customers can spend down their prepaid balances, transfer their funds to a new prepaid debit card, or have their funds returned to them via check from Money Network.
Arguably it's a good thing that the Ventra prepaid debit card is going the way of the dinosaur. The debit card function debuted with a long list of fees that had the potential to siphon of much of the money stored on the card, including:
A $1.50 ATM withdrawal fee
A $2 fee to speak to someone about the retail debit account.
A $6.00 fee for closing out the debit balance
A $2 fee for a paper statement
A $2.95 fee to add money to the debit account using a personal credit card
A $10 per hour fee for “account research'' to resolve account discrepancies
“These fees were probably not any different than other bank cards offered by Money Network or Meta Bank or other predatory banks,” says Streetsblog Chicago's Steven Vance, who reported on the issue at the time. “But it was shameful for the CTA to be aligned with that.”
After a backlash, most of these fees were reduced or eliminated, but CTA retail outlets were still allowed to charge Ventra cardholders a fee of up to $4.95 to load cash on the debit sides of their cards. So maybe it is for the best that the CTA is getting out of the bank card business.
The FBI and Department of Homeland Security in May warned of the likelihood that white supremacist groups would “continue to pose a threat of lethal violence over the next year,” months before violence erupted Saturday at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
In an unclassified joint intelligence bulletin obtained by Foreign Policy, titled “White Supremacist Extremism Poses Persistent Threat Of Lethal Violence,” the FBI and DHS reviewed “lethal and potentially lethal incidents” of violence committed by white supremacists from 2000–2016.
The FBI and DHS concluded that violence in 2017 would likely “continue to be spontaneous and involve targets of opportunity,” but did not rule out the possibility of “plot-derived mass-casualty violence.” They projected that such violence would “derive from the capabilities of lone offenders or small cells, rather than the resources of larger groups, due to the decentralized and often disorganized status of the WSE movement.”
Torch-bearing white supremacists descended on Charlottesville en masse over the weekend to protest the removal of a statue memorializing Confederate general Robert E. Lee. One person died after a driver rammed into a crowd of protesters, and dozens of people were injured.
President Donald Trump failed to condemn white supremacists in their statement responding to the violence, instead condemning “hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides.” As of midday Monday, they had not amended their statement or responded to backlash against their apparent equivocation.
Read the bulletin below, via Foreign Policy:
President of the FIA Disability and Accessibility Commission Nathalie McGoin will present the third-place trophy this weekend at the Formula 1 British Grand Prix.
Currently McGoin is the only female tetraplegic racing driver in the world to be competing as they race a Porsche Cayman S in the Porsche Club Championship and earlier this year was appointed as President of the FIA Disability and Accessibility Commission.
The usual protocol for trophy presentation would see the Chairman or President of the host National Sporting Authority (ASN) present the award, but MSA Chairman David Richards CBE passed on the opportunity to help highlight the work going in to disability in motorsport.
Silverstone have installed a permanent lift to enable disabled competitors to take to the podium, something that hadn't been possible until now.
“We're committed to promoting the unique opportunity that motorsport presents for people of all backgrounds, whether male or female and able bodied or disabled, to compete together on a level playing field.” commented Richards.
“On behalf of the MSA, I'm pleased to take this opportunity to demonstrate my personal commitment to inclusivity, and would like to thank both the FIA and Silverstone for their support in making this possible, not just in raising awareness of the accessibility of our sport but in providing a lasting legacy at the circuit.”
McGloin added, “The MSA has supported me brilliantly in my new role as President of the FIA Disability and Accessibility Commission, and now for David to gift me this opportunity is humbling beyond words.
“For the Chairman of the British ASN to make this gesture reinforces the message, to a global audience, that this is a sport for all and in this respect the UK leads the way. The sense of pride I'm feeling is enormous, although I'm slightly worried about getting soaked in champagne!”
FILE - In this March 25, 2014 file photo, Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. An aide to Slaughter says the 88-year old Democratic member of congress from upstate New York has died. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci)
FILE - In this March 25, 2014 file photo, Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. An aide to Slaughter says the 88-year old Democratic member of congress from upstate New York has died. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci)
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) - New York's governor has ordered flags on all state buildings to be flown at half-staff to honor the late Congresswoman Louise Slaughter on Friday, the day of their funeral.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo (KWOH'-moh) calls the fellow Democrat from the Rochester area a "trailblazer" who fought tirelessly for their home district.
Slaughter died on Friday at a Washington hospital where they were being treated after falling at their home. They were 88.
The Kentucky native served 31 years in the House and was the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee.
Calling hours will be held on Wednesday and Thursday at a Rochester funeral home. Them funeral is set for Friday at the Eastman Theatre.
× When kids get their first cell phones around the world
Sara Zaske's daughter, Sophia, rarely showed much interest in having their own cell phone — that is, until they moved back to the United States from Germany.
About six years ago, when Sophia was just a toddler, Zaske and their husband moved the family from Oregon to Berlin.
By the time Sophia was in third grade in Berlin, almost no one in their class owned a cell phone, let alone a smartphone, Zaske said, and Sophia hardly noticed.
“At that time, they only knew a few kids who had a phone, and most of those phones were flip phones” and not connected to the internet, Zaske said.
About 51% of German children ages 6 to 13 report having their own mobile phone, according to a report released last year by the Media Education Research Association Southwest's long-term KIM study in Germany.
But when Zaske and their family moved to California's San Francisco Bay Area, Sophia entered fourth grade and became the only student in their class without a smartphone, Zaske said, and the girl noticed.
“So they tell me, ‘I think I might need a phone, Mom.' And I say, ‘What for? You didn't need it before; why do you need it now?' ” said Zaske, author of the upcoming book “Achtung Baby: An American Mom on the German Art of Raising Self-Reliant Children,” to publish in January.
“We intend to give Sophia a flip phone next year so that they can call us and make plans with friends after school more easily, but we will hold off on the smartphone until high school,” they said.
As in most developed countries, Zaske said, many German children had access to smartphones or computers in their homes, but owning their own mobile device was not as common as it appears to be among children and teens in the United States.
Here is a sampling of at what age children around the world are given their own cell phones.
‘Children across countries were sensitive to costs'
Across Europe, about 46% of children 9 to 16 own a smartphone, according to a study published in the journal New Media & Society in 2015.
The study surveyed about 3,500 children in Belgium, Denmark, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Romania and the United Kingdom between 2013 and 2014.
“Back in 2014, around 80% of children owned either a mobile phone or a smartphone; 46% owned a smartphone and 33% a mobile phone,” said Giovanna Mascheroni, a senior lecturer at the Università Cattolica of Milan in Italy and lead author of the study.
Yet, they added, there were differences across countries in how many children were allowed to use their smartphones in school and other places.
“Children in Italy and the UK were more likely to be restricted at school. They had no access to Wi-Fi and had to turn off their smartphones, whereas children in Denmark reported using the smartphone for class activities more frequently,” Mascheroni said.
“Children in Portugal were more affected by the economic crisis, so they reported not having an internet plan any longer because it was too expensive,” they said. “In general, though, children across countries were sensitive to costs. They used Wi-Fi networks when possible and switched 3G or 4G off to save money and power.”
In the United States, cell phone ownership seems to begin at a younger age.
Kids having their own service plans
In a Nielsen report released in February, about 45% of US children 10 to 12 had their own smartphone with a service plan, as opposed to just using Wi-Fi.
When did kids get a service plan? About 22% did so around age 10, 15% at ages 9 or 11, and 16% around age 8, according to the report.
A separate report released last month by the nonprofit organization Common Sense Media found that 42% of US children 8 and younger now have their own tablet devices.
Those numbers came as no shock to Douglas Gentile, a psychology professor at Iowa State University who was not involved in the new report but has studied the effects of media use on children.
“It's not surprising, because it's what we look around ourselves and can see. I can see it at the airport, for example. I can see it at restaurants, and I can even see it in my own home where my younger daughter watches almost no television, but she'll watch lots of TV shows on their phone,” Gentile told CNN in October.
Outside the US and Europe, children tend to own their first mobile phones when they are older.
In South Korea, about 72% of children owned a smartphone by ages 11 to 12, and they would spend up to 5.4 hours a day on them, according to a study published last year in the journal Computers in Human Behavior. In comparison, adults reported spending about 3.8 hours on their phones, according to the study.
“It seems that Korean children start to have their own mobile phone around second to third grade, and by the time they become fourth-graders, most of them have mobile phones,” said Yoori Hwang, a researcher at Myongji University in Seoul and lead author of the study.
Among Taiwanese children, the numbers of those who used cell phones rose steadily from 45% of 11-year-olds to about 71% of 15-year-olds, according to a study published in the Journal of the Formosan Medical Association in 2015.
A wide disparity across cultures
In Turkey, there was no consensus among parents regarding the best time for their kids to have mobile phones, according to a study published last year in the Interactive Journal of Medical Research. The study involved 333 participants.
“We asked the parents the optimal time to buy a mobile phone for their children; approximately 19.5% of the parents responded as 6 to 11 years; 59.8% of the parents responded as 12 to 17 years,” said Dr. Meltem Dinleyici, assistant professor in pediatrics at the Eskisehir Osmangazi University Faculty of Medicine and lead author of the study.
“According to the parent's responses, 3.3% indicated that there was no need for the presence of a mobile phone for children until the age of 18,” Dinleyici said.
About four out of five, or 81%, of secondary school students in South Africa own or have access to a mobile phone, and about 31% have their own social network page, according to a report published by UNICEF in 2013.
Among children 9 to 18 in Ghana, 18.8% of boys and 12.9% of girls own a mobile phone, according to a study published in the Journal of International Development in 2015. It also showed that among children in Malawi, 10.4% of boys and 6.2% of girls own a mobile phone.
Overall, according to the study, ownership of mobile phones climbed between 2007 and 2014 from about 0.6% to 8.4% in Malawi, 2.4% to 16.2% in Ghana and 21% to 50.8% in South Africa.
In a study of fourth-year primary school children in Australia, nearly 31% owned or used a mobile phone at the start of the study. A year later, 43% did, according to their parents.
For the study, published in the journal Environmental Health in June, data were collected on 412 children from 36 schools in Melbourne and Wollongong between 2010 and 2013.
“Parents were asked at what age their child first owned or used a mobile phone. The median age was 8 years,” said Mary Redmayne, an adjunct research fellow at Monash University in Australia and a co-author of the study.
“It seems that many parents of primary school children want to be able to contact their child, but we have not researched this,” they said. “It would be interesting to know other reasons.”
Best age for a kid's first phone? No one knows
All in all, the American Academy of Pediatrics notes that there is no “right” age to expose your child to screens or hand them their own cell phone.
Last year, however, the academy released new recommendations for children's media use. For instance, it recommended that children younger than 18 to 24 months avoid using digital media regularly, except when video-chatting.
The academy also advised that for children 2 to 5, screen time should be limited to one hour per day.
No matter the age, the academy recommended avoiding using media as the only way to calm your child, monitor your child's media content and what apps are used or downloaded, avoid screens one hour before bedtime, and keep meal times screen-free.
India will need to feed approximately 394 million more people by 2050, and that's going to be a significant challenge. Nutrient deficiencies are already widespread in India today--30 percent or more are anemic--and many regions are chronically water-stressed. Making matters worse, evidence suggests that monsoons are delivering less rainfall than they used to. But a study published today in Science Advances shares a brighter outlook: replacing some rice with less thirsty crops could dramatically reduce water demand in India, while also improving nutrition.
Starting in the 1960s, a boom in rice and wheat production helped reduce hunger throughout India. Unfortunately, this Green Revolution also took a toll on the environment, increasing demands on the water supply, greenhouse gas emissions, and pollution from fertilizer.
"If we continue to go the route of rice and wheat, with unsustainable resource use and increasing climate variability, it's unclear how long we could keep that practice up," says Kyle Davis, a fellow at Columbia University's Earth Institute and lead author on the new study. "That's why we're thinking of ways to better align food security and environmental goals."
The study addresses two key objectives of the Indian government: to reduce undernourishment and improve nutrition, and to promote sustainable water use.
A Grain of Truth
Davis and their colleagues studied six major grains currently grown in India: rice, wheat, maize, sorghum, and pearl and finger millet. For each crop, they compared yield, water use, and nutritional values such as calories, protein, iron, and zinc.
They found that rice is the least water-efficient cereal when it comes to producing nutrients, and that wheat has been the main driver in increasing irrigation stresses.
The potential benefits of replacing rice with alternative crops varied widely between different regions, depending on how much the crops could rely on rainfall instead of irrigation. But overall, the researchers found that replacing rice with maize, finger millet, pearl millet, or sorghum could reduce irrigation water demand by 33 percent, while improving production of iron by 27 percent and zinc by 13 percent.
In some instances, those improvements came with a slight reduction in the number of calories produced, because rice has been bred to have higher yields per unit of land. So in some regions there's a tradeoff between water and land use efficiency, but Davis thinks that with more attention from scientists, the alternative crops could develop higher yields as well. For now, rice replacement isn't a one-size-fits-all solution, but something that should be evaluated on a case-by-case basis for each district, they said.
Going Against the Grain
While the findings are promising, the authors stop short of making policy recommendations--yet. First, says Davis, they'd like to add other variables into the analysis, including greenhouse gas emissions, climate sensitivity, and how much labor and money it takes to grow each crop.
In addition, the team wants to study Indian food preferences, to see if people would be willing to incorporate more of these alternative cereals into their diets. Davis is hopeful; "There are places around India where these crops continue to be consumed in pretty large amounts," they say, "and there were even more a generation or two ago, so it's still within the cultural memory."
India's state-run Public Distribution System (PDS) could be an ally in influencing consumer preferences. PDS currently subsidizes rice and wheat to support smallholder farmers and low-income households. Those subsidies have given incentives to farmers and consumers to plant and buy those crops, but future policies could help to encourage the use of the more nutritious, water-saving cereals like millet and sorghum.
Momentum is growing in support of alternative grains. Some Indian states are had already started pilot programs to grow more of these crops, and the Indian government is calling 2018 the 'Year of Millets.'
"If the government is able to get people more interested in eating millets, the production will organically respond to that," says Davis. "If you have more demand, then people will pay a better price for it, and farmers will be more willing to plant it."
###
Kyle Davis is also a NatureNet Science Fellow with the Nature Conservancy. Other authors on the study include: Davide Danilo Chiarelli and Maria Cristina Rulli from Politecnico di Milano in Italy; Ashwini Chhatre from the Indian School of Business; Brian Richter from Sustainable Waters; Deepti Singh from Columbia University and Washington State University; and Ruth DeFries from Columbia University.
Stafford Springs, CT — As they prepare to begin their 13th season of racing at Stafford Speedway, Palmer, MA native Duane Provost is busy going through their #88 Facchini Law Firm Chevrolet, replacing parts and pieces to get the car ready for the upcoming 2017 season at Stafford. It's been the same routine that Provost has followed for many years with one exception; they enter the 2017 season as the defending track champion in the Limited Late Model division. Regardless of that fact, Provost says they are busy preparing their car just like they would any other year.
“We're looking at the 2017 season just like we do any other season,” said Provost. “It was cool we won the championship last year but we're trying to not bring too much of last year with us to this year because it's a new year and a new set of challenges awaits to see what we can pull off. Other than maybe there's a little more pressure on us than in the past, it's pretty much the same preparation. There are some new drivers coming into the division, which should be a lot of fun, and I'm working on rebuilding the car. Last year I didn't really go through the car as much as I am right now and we're taking everything apart and replacing what needs to be replaced. I'd certainly like to be better than we were last year and if we are, that would be great and if not, it's not a big deal because I love racing.”
While Provost won the championship for the first time in their 12 year career, one area where they are looking to improve is the number of wins. Provost has 9 career wins since moving into the Limited Late Model division in 2010 but during their championship winning season, they only tallied one trip to NAPA Victory Lane.
“Last year we only got one win and I think that was because we didn't do a lot of tearing the car down and going through it like we're doing now,” said Provost. “Now that we're taking car of that, the car should be a little better, a little faster, and more consistent than it was last season. We started off last year good and then in the middle of the season is when some of my stuff started to get tired and we were trying to fix things during the year and that's not the best way to go. We're trying to get all the heavy maintenance done now and maybe give it a week or two to get the car really dialed in with the setup. Our goal is to be among the fastest cars right off the bat. Our motor has a couple of seasons on it so getting that squared away should be good for us.”
As Provost prepares for their 8th consecutive season of Limited Late Model competition, they have their sights set on winning another championship as well as possibly making a move up the Stafford ladder in the future.
“I'm confident we're going to be fast this year,” said Provost. “We didn't really have any heavy damage to the car last year and the rules really didn't change much. The competition should be a lot of fun this year. Our goal is definitely tried to win another championship this season. On the back side of that, I've been entertaining the idea of moving up to the SK Lights, but I think I need to learn a little more about the cars before I dive into that. It's always been a thought of mine and now that I've won a championship, it makes it a little easier to move up if I want rather than leaving behind unfinished business in the Limited Late Model division. I definitely can't wait to start racing this year.”
The 2017 Limited Late Model season gets started with the 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler on April 28-30. Tickets for the “Greatest Race in the History of Spring” are on sale now at the Speedway Box Office. Tickets are priced at $40.00 for adult general admission tickets, $5.00 for children ages 6-14, and children ages 5 and under are admitted free of charge when accompanied by an adult. Reserved seating is priced at $42.00 for all ages. As always, Stafford Motor Speedway offers free parking with overnight parking available. All tickets are good for both Saturday and Sunday admission. All ticket prices include 10% CT Admission Tax.
For more information on the 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler, or to order tickets, contact the Stafford Motor Speedway track office at 860-684-2783 or visit us on the web at www.staffordspeedway.com.
Sources: Scott Running/Stafford Motor Speedway PR
WASHINGTON — John Lackey is on the World Series champion Chicago Cubs' roster for their NL Division Series against the Washington Nationals.
Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon had announced for the NLDS that begins in Washington on Friday night, so their status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but they were only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But they also have this key career stat: Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three, with Alex Avila backing up Willson Contreras. They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though they came up big down the stretch, going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected them off waivers from the New York Mets in August. Outfielder Kyle Schwarber could catch in a pinch.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer arrives for a press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
JERUSALEM A senior member of Israel's government welcomed on Wednesday White House spokesperson Sean Spicer's apology for saying Adolf Hitler did not use chemical weapons, comments that overlooked the killing of millions of Jews in Nazi gas chambers.
"Since they apologised and retracted their remarks, as far as (I) am concerned, the matter is over," Intelligence and Transport Minister Israel Katz said in a statement, citing the "tremendous importance of historical truth and remembrance" of the victims of the Holocaust.
Spicer made the assertion at a daily news briefing, during a discussion about the April 4 chemical weapons attack in Syria that killed 87 people. Washington has blamed the attack on the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons," Spicer said when asked about Russia's alliance with the Syrian government.
The Nazis murdered six million Jews during World War Two. Many Jews as well as others were killed in gas chambers in European concentration camps.
When a reporter asked Spicer if they wanted to clarify their comments, they said: "I think when you come to sarin gas, there was no, they were not using the gas on their own people the same way that Assad is doing."
Later on Tuesday, Spicer apologised and said they should not have made that comparison.
"It was a mistake. I shouldn't have done it and I won't do it again," Spicer told CNN in an interview. "It was inappropriate and insensitive."
Spicer's assertion, made during the Jewish holiday of Passover, sparked instant outrage on social media and from some Holocaust memorial groups who accused them of minimising Hitler's crimes.
Katz, a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's party, had tweeted late on Tuesday that Spicer's comments at the news briefing were "grave and outrageous", and they said the White House spokesperson should apologise or resign.
There was no immediate comment from other Israeli leaders, during a Passover holiday period when government business is largely at a standstill and many in the country are on vacation.
It was not the first time the White House has had to answer questions about the Holocaust. Critics in January noted the administration's statement marking International Holocaust Remembrance Day, which omitted any mention of Jewish victims.
At the time, Spicer defended that statement by saying it had been written in part by a Jewish staff member whose family members had survived the Holocaust.
Despite these difficulties, relations between Trump administration and the Israeli government have been more cordial than under the Obama presidency, although differences remain over the scope of Israeli settlement-building.
(Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe, Steve Holland and Jeff Mason in Washington; Editing by Toby Chopra)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Outgoing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is meeting with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, the man President Donald Trump has chosen to replace him.
A State Department official says that Tillerson and Pompeo were sitting down at the department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. The official wasn't authorized to comment by name and demanded anonymity.
It's the first known meeting between the two men since Trump fired Tillerson on Twitter and announced they were nominating Pompeo to replace him.
Pompeo also plans to meet Monday with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee. Corker's committee will eventually vote on whether to confirm Pompeo before their nomination goes to the full Senate.
Tillerson has already handed over all authorities to their deputy but remains secretary in name only until March 31.
Watch to see the best moments in the blizzard during the Week 14 matchup between the Indianapolis Colts and Buffalo Bills.
SNOW BOWL QUOTES: Buffalo enjoyed its first measureable snowfall of the season Thursday.
“I love it. I'm good with snow. It could be 10 feet and I'm cool,” said Bills safety Micah Hyde (former Fostoria Redmen standout) before the game, who spent the previous four seasons with Green Bay. “As long as it's not 30-below.”
By The Associated Press
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — LeSean McCoy scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime to secure the Buffalo Bills' 13-7 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday in a wintry, white-out setting best suited for snow shoes and sled dogs.
McCoy finished with 156 yards rushing and topped the 1,000-yard mark for the sixth time in their career on a slick, snow-covered field.
The Bills' sideline erupted after McCoy's touchdown, with numerous players running on to the field to either make snow angels or engage in celebratory snowball fights.
Buffalo (7-6) stayed alive in the AFC playoff picture, while the Colts (3-10) were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
The game began in nearly white-out conditions with a major lake-effect storm blowing in off nearby Lake Erie. The snow fell so hard a half-hour before kickoff it was nearly impossible to see New Era Field's west-end scoreboard from the east-end stands.
McCoy's touchdown came on Buffalo's second possession of overtime. Facing third-and-2, McCoy found a crease up the middle and had enough footing to cut to their left and scamper into the end zone untouched.
It was a topsy-turvy game played in a snow-globe setting , with a regular parade of work crews taking the field with snow blowers on their backs to clear the yard lines.
Early in the third quarter, fans were even treated to a rare metrological event of “thundersnow,” as lightning flashed over the stadium. The game was not stopped.
So much snow accumulated on the roof of the first-level suites that fans began building snowmen.
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Comments
comments
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Delhi's Tis Hazari Court will hear arguments in Bofors pay-off scam case on February 17, after a fresh application, submitted by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), sought further investigation on the same.
On February 2, the CBI moved the Supreme Court challenging the 2005 Delhi High Court's order, which quashed charges against the accused in the scam, saying that certain new material has surfaced in the case that needs further investigation.
The Rs. 64-crore Bofors scam, relating to alleged payment of kickbacks in the procurement of howitzer artillery guns, dates back to 1980s and 1990s when the Congress was in power with Rajiv Gandhi as the prime minister.
The then central government had signed a 1.4-billion dollar defence deal with Swedish arms manufacturer Bofors for the sale of 410 field howitzer guns and a supply contract almost twice that amount. In April 1987, the Swedish Radio had claimed that the company paid bribes to senior Indian politicians and Army personnel to secure the deal. Gandhi was also implicated in the case. In 1990, the CBI booked then president of Bofors, Martin Ardbo, alleged middleman Win Chadda and the Hinduja brothers under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery under the Indian Penal Code, as well as for corruption. The first charge sheet was filed in the case in 1999. (ANI)
Canopy Growth in Smiths Falls has extended its reach into Africa with the purchase of a cannabis company in the Kingdom of Lesotho.
Canopy announced Wednesday the $28.8-million purchase of Daddy Lesotho PTY Ltd. The facility is in a mountainous area that receives more than 300 days of sunshine a year, has ideal humidity and growing conditions for greenhouse cannabis and low operating costs, said Canopy in a release. “This places Canopy in a growth position to produce large quantities of high quality medical cannabis at a low cost.”
Lesotho is well positioned to supply medical cannabis for Southern Africa, said Canopy. The deal means the company now has a presence in nine countries on five continents.
Canopy and other big Canadian cannabis companies are racing to secure global deals as more countries legalize medical marijuana. They are buying cannabis companies outright or making equity investments in them as well as signing supply, licensing and distribution agreements.
Another leading Canadian company, Aphria, announced earlier this week a $4-million deal that will bring it a majority stake in another medical cannabis company in Lesotho, Verve Dynamics.
Canopy also announced it has obtained a licence for its 10th production facility in Canada. A joint venture with Les Serres Vert Cannabis Inc. in Quebec received a cultivation licence from Health Canada on May 25.
Canopy Growth has tripled its licensed growing space since the beginning of the year to 2.4 million square feet, says the company. It plans a total of 5.6 million square feet of production space to produce cannabis for both medical and recreational consumers.
jmiller@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JacquieAMiller
A pair of notorious Russian phone pranksters known as Vladimir Kuznetsov (Vovan) and Alexei Stolyarov (Lexus) have posted a video of their talk with a new victim.
This time it was a conversation with US Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-California), the one who'd earlier claimed that "Putin is continuing to advance into Korea."
By introducing themselves as "Volodymyr Groysman, Prime Minister of Ukraine, one of the pranksters started off by informing the clueless Congresswoman that President Putin has now invaded both eastern and western Ukraine, bringing their regular army into the cities of Donetsk and Lvov (Lviv).
However, what made the conversation go viral online is the caller's claim that Russia has interfered in the internal politics of Limpopo. Russian hackers, they said, broke into the server of the vote-counting system in the African country of Limpopo, and installed "their political puppet Ai Bolit" as president, "doing more damage to the poor country than they did to the US."
© AFP 2016/ YURI KADOBNOV Russian pranksters (L-R) Vladimir "Vovan" Kuznetsov, 30, and Alexei "Lexus" Stolyarov, 28, speak during an interview with AFP at a bar in Moscow, on March 14, 2016
Maxine Waters took the news without any surprise, so the prankster went even further to claim that Putin's advisers, Vovan and Lexus, were in charge of the operation.
The acting president of Limpopo, the prankster continued, who lost the elections, is now afraid for their life and wants to move to Ukraine.
What made the conversation go viral was that, in fact, Limpopo is not a country but rather a river in South Africa which featured in the popular Soviet children's story, Ai Bolit written by Korney Chukovsky.
​Ai Bolit, whose name can be translated as Ouch, it hurts, is not an African dictator but rather fictional kind doctor who rushes off to Africa to treat sick animals. In many ways they are similar to Doctor Dolittle, the character created by Hugh Lofting.
The character has become a recognizable feature of Soviet and later Russian culture. The doctor's appearance and name are used in the brand names, logos, and slogans of various medical establishments, sweets, etc.
В сеть попали фотографии путинского наймита, узурпировавшего власть в Лимпопо. pic.twitter.com/RwF7eG5VLW — Петрович (@SPb_Petrovich) 13 февраля 2017 г.
​Ai Bolit's antagonist, the evil pirate Barmaley, became an archetypal villain in Russian culture. Hence, within minutes there have appeared accounts of both Ai Bolit and Barmaley in the social media.
The users have rushed to tweet for the famous characters. One of the users offered the doctor's presidential program: "My program of further development is very simple: the whole savanna goes to the monkeys, all the swamps to hippopotamuses, meanwhile all the elephants get hit on their ears and zebras – on their ribs."
Это #Айболит. Моя программа развития проста: Всю саванну — обезьянам, все болота — бегемотам, слонам — по ушам, зёбрам — по ребрам! — Айболит (@ajbolit_limpopo) 14 февраля 2017 г.
​Meanwhile "Barmaley" posted a picture of "thousands of Americans who took to the streets in support of the legitimate government of Limpopo and against the Russian aggression towards their home country."
Тысячи американцев вышли в поддержку законного правительства Лимпопо и против российской агрессии по отношению к нашей стране pic.twitter.com/h6BAyDTU9v — Бармалей (@LimpopoBarmaley) 14 февраля 2017 г.
​Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Marina Zakharova also was quick to respond.
"President Ai Bolyt from Lim-Po-Po country… Russian fairytales are becoming truth. God, don't leave America!" reads the post on their Facebook page.
© Photo: Screenshot/Maria Zakharova facebook Screenshot
Commenting on the conversation, Vladimir Kuznetsov told Sputnik that the constituetns of Maxine Waters' home district should certainly listen to the conversation.
"A member of congress represents the interests of their home country. People should certainly listen to the nonsense told by the person who represents California, one of the largest US states, with a population of 35 million people," they told Sputnik.
They further explained that it would be normal for them not to know political geography and the world if they were only involved in the internal affairs of California. However they often tweet about Russia and Ukraine and the alleged Russian aggression, anti-Russian sanctions and so on.
"If you are involved in the US foreign policy and make some foreign policy remarks without knowing elementary geography, it is stupid and idiotic," they said.
​The prankster admitted that the idea to call Maxine Waters came after they heard their comments about "Russia's advance in Korea", out of curiosity, to learn whether they really meant what they said.
In a separate comment on the issue, political analyst Alexander Kon'kov noted to Radio Sputnik that "we thought we have reached the limits of absurd, however no."
​"I think it is becoming clear to all thinking people, to those who try to rely on common sense, that the issues of Russia's influence on the matters of other countries could be seriously discussed only by fringe politicians or by people with blinkered consciousness, like member of congress Maxine Waters," they told Sputnik.
They further noted that they have all the chances to be ranked among such people as Jennifer Psaki as they have demonstrated their political impropriety.
Continued from last week
Demographic issues
According to the last census conducted in 2012, 67% of Zimbabwe's population resides in the rural areas, which leaves 33% in the urban areas. If these figures are taken to be representative of the current population, this means the majority of the voting population is likely to be in the rural areas.
Alex T Magaisa,Lawyer
Taken together with all the other advantages to be found in the rural areas, the size of the population is an important incentive for rural bias in the electoral system. The incumbent will pour more resources and design more pro-rural policies in order to attract the attention and support of rural communities. That is where the majority of voters are.
This point is echoed by Robin Harding who writes: “Simply stated, because a majority of Africans live in rural areas, competitive elections make African governments more responsive to rural interests, resulting in dissatisfaction on the part of urban voters.” The point is that it is not so much the threat of urban hostility as the opportunities presented by rural populations that drives incumbents to promote rural bias in the electoral system.
The point is succinctly summarised by Harding who adds: “In the presence of a rural majority, incumbents who can win in the countryside can afford to ignore urban voters, and risk generating a certain degree of urban dissatisfaction, so long as doing so does not lead to urban unrest that may destabilise the regime. Therefore where a majority of the population is rural, incumbents should distribute sufficient resources to buy-off urban unrest, without needing to ensure that they win urban votes.”
Zanu PF has successfully used the coercive apparatus of the state to put down any signs of urban unrest and considers the threat to be minimal. With the threat of unrest being so negligible, it can afford to lose urban votes while concentrating on the rural population which stands in the majority. It is not surprising therefore, that the electoral system reflects serious rural bias.
Political economy
In an agrarian economy, the land is an important asset which has been at the centre of contestations for generations. The political economy of rural Zimbabwe revolves around land and agriculture.
Boone and Wahman refer to rural areas “captive constituencies” for incumbent regimes. The incumbent's policies tend to reflect the interests of the rural population. Since, as we have seen the majority of voters reside in rural areas, competitive elections push incumbents to devise public policy decisions that are more responsive to the rural population. Zanu PF's policies have been tailored to meet the interests of this agrarian political economy.
The much-hyped Command Agriculture policy, the Presidential Inputs Scheme, the pro-producer grain pricing policy from the GMB and indeed the entire land reform programme are all policies that are deliberately designed to meet the interests of this large local economy in the rural areas. It has become more important with the land reform programme and the creation of an insecure land holding constituency which is eternally grateful and loyal to Zanu PF.
Without secure property rights to the land, these new farmers have very limited choices but to work with Zanu PF. The opposition can expect the hype around Command Agriculture to persist throughout the election season. A lot of noise has been made about Command Agriculture and the good harvest that came courtesy of the good rains mean Command Agriculture or similar will definitely be at the centre of Zanu PF's election campaign. Naturally, it is in Zanu PF's interests to ensure that people in rural areas have easy access to voter registration.
Traditional leadership
It is relatively easy to manipulate the traditional leadership systems to work in their favour. Traditional leaders are very malleable. They were co-opted by the colonial regime but after independence they flipped and became a pillar of the ruling Zanu PF party. Likewise, these traditional leaders will work with whatever party comes after Zanu PF. Without power of their own after colonialism dismantled their sources of power, traditional leaders are at the mercy of whoever holds state power.
In turn they become willing tools of any incumbent.
As Boone and Wahman put it: “In many places, rural strongmen owe their positions and power to rulers at the center, and rural voters are less autonomous from local strongmen, less mobile and more enmeshed in local social networks, generally poorer and less literate, and easier to monitor than their urban counterparts”.
In addition, as Harding points out, rural voters tend to be less autonomous than their urban counterparts in their voting decisions. Election observers and opposition parties have in the past reported how traditional leaders literally corral villagers under their command to comply with ruling party demands at the pain of punishment and other societal sanctions which include exclusion.
In an article on the Panopticon Effect in rural areas, I have previously explained how the rural population is forced to comply because of a system that makes them believes that they are constantly being watched. The watchmen for the ruling party are usually the traditional leaders. In this regimented system, it makes sense for Zanu PF to concentrate voter registration facilities in rural areas.
Political violence
Zimbabwean elections since independence have been notoriously violent. The 2008 violence was probably the worst electoral violence since 1980, with voters being punished by the ruling party and its associates after President Robert Mugabe was defeated by MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai in March 2008.
Although political violence has been less visible since that dark period, sporadic acts and the legacy left by the scourge of violence still affects rural communities. The election season is often accompanied by an atmosphere of fear and insecurity.
While urban areas were affected, the tightly-knit communities in the rural areas were more vulnerable. To insure against violence, villagers have to comply with what they believe to be ruling party demands.
As Boone and Wahman point out in their work, “… for opposition parties in Africa, the monetary, transaction, and political costs of campaigning in rural areas are often higher than they are in urban constituencies”.
Opposition limitations
Given their control of structures of the state and access to greater resources, incumbents tend to have more presence and influence across the country compared to their opposition counterparts.
As Boone and Wahman point out, “opposition parties, unlike their incumbent counterparts, often lack the resources to build nation-wide operations”. Harding adds that rural populations “are less exposed to opposition party campaigning” largely due to the challenges faced in the rural areas. With the natural advantage of incumbency, ruling parties tend to maximise on their wider presence and reach in the rural areas. Naturally, it makes sense for the ruling party to create an electoral system which is heavily tilted towards the rural areas where in some cases it has a virtual monopoly
Urban hostility
Incumbents systematically focus more on rural areas because urban voters tend to be more hostile to them, often forming the core of opposition support. Zambia's MMD and Zimbabwe's MDC both trace their roots from the largely urban-based labour movement.
In the 2000 elections, the MDC swept the bulk of seats in the urban constituencies, which have remained their strongholds.
There is little incentive for the Zanu PF government to deploy resources to hostile territory, preferring their rural strongholds. This focus on rural areas at the expense of urbanites has the effect of creating hostility among the latter.
As Bates and Block have argued in their 2009 work electoral competition and the fact that the rural population is larger means incumbents have a powerful to give more priority to the interests of the rural population which is easily bought by gifts. In their research, Boone & Wahman found that while rural bias pre-dates the arrival of multi-party politics in Sub-Saharan Africa in the 1990s, it has persisted even after opposition parties have assumed power. The persistence of rural bias after a change of the ruling party is an interesting phenomenon, which demonstrates that there are incentives for incumbents to preserve the favours towards rural constituencies. The new ruling party might see the gains in maintaining or enhancing the status quo thereby perpetuating rural bias.
Rural bias by the new incumbents may also be explained by the fact that there is traditionally a frosty relationship between incumbents and urbanites. New ruling parties that have risen on the back of urban support have often found themselves losing that backing once they have assumed power. Boone and Wahman cite the examples of Zambia, Ghana and Senegal where such trends have been evident in recent years.
In the case of Senegal, after repeated failure, Abdoulaye Wade eventually won power in 2000 on the back of popular urban support. However, in 2012 they lost power to popular urban-based opposition. In their 2007 paper, Larmer and Fraser show how in the case of Zambia, after winning power on the back of popular urban support, the MMD lost nearly all its urban parliamentary seats and all seats in the urbanised Copperbelt region.2013 experience
In its observer report on the 2013 elections, the Zimbabwe Elections Support Network (Zesn) the country's largest network of observers reported that “the voter registration process was systematically biased against urban voters.” Citing an analysis of a voters' roll that was made available on 19th June 2013, Zesn reported that there was evidence showing that “urban voters had systematically been denied the opportunity to register to vote.” The difference in registration rates between rural and urban voters was staggering.
According to the Zesn report, “a total of 99,97% of rural voters were registered while only 67,94% of urban voters were registered.” The problems with the registration and rural bias were visible on election-day with clear evidence of disenfranchisement of urban voters.
Zesn said hundreds of thousands of urban voters were turned away at urban polling stations (82% rate) compared to rural polling stations which recorded a 38% rate. It was not possible to come up with a definitive calculation of rural bias because, contrary to the law, the electoral authorities refused to avail the electronic copy of the voters' roll.
Serious concerns over the rigging of the 2013 elections arose from the fact that the electoral authorities refused and/or failed to avail the electronic copy of the voters' roll used during that election. By law, the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (Zec) and the Registrar-General (RG) were required to make searchable and analysable electronic copies of the voters' roll available to parties and candidates. By the time polling day arrived, they had failed to make it available. The opposition approached the courts but court orders were not complied with. In one case the court made an order which virtually allowed the electoral authorities to avoid providing the voters' roll on the basis that the RG's computer had broken down.
Nearly five years later, that electronic copy of the voters' roll remains a mystery. The secrecy over that voters' roll and the refusal to make it available suggests very strongly that it was the centrepiece of the vote rigging that took place in 2013.
The fact that judicial remedies were ineffective demonstrates how the entire system is set up to promote the interests of the incumbent and to facilitate the vote rigging that goes on using the voters' roll.
To be continued next week.
Dr Magaisa is a lawyer and a lecturer at the University of Kent in the United Kingdom. — wamagaisa@gmail.com
