UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The last three Patch Tuesdays haven't been the straightforward affairs we're used to. February's was a big deal because it was delayed and then canceled outright, with Microsoft never explaining to us why it didn't happen. Further Reading Mysterious Microsoft patch killed 0-days released by NSA-leaking Shadow Brokers
Of course, that decision might have had something to do with the unexpected contents of March's Patch Tuesday. That release fixed a bunch of previously undisclosed flaws that were then publicized by Shadow Brokers when the mysterious group published a cache of NSA exploits.
In a change announced last November, Microsoft originally intended to introduce a new system of describing its patches and their respective security fixes this February. That didn't happen in February, and it also didn't happen in March. The bumper crop of fixes referenced above instead used the company's long-standing security bulletin format. But last week's April release did, at last, make the change.
We weren't initially sure what to think of the new format. Any change to a long-established system is going to bring some wailing and gnashing of teeth as workflows have to be updated and adjusted to accommodate the things that are now different. But different doesn't mean better or worse, necessarily; it takes a bit of time to figure that out. Since the change, we've heard from readers and it seems many aren't really happy with what Microsoft has done.
Under the old security bulletin system, Microsoft produced a bunch of documents, one per patch set, broken down into broad categories. For March, for example, there are bulletins for the Windows kernel itself, Windows kernel drivers, the IIS Web server, the Hyper-V hypervisor, and so on and so forth. This grouping made it fairly easy to tell at a glance roughly what area of the products were impacted and who might need to perform testing or validation of the fixes. Because these bulletins are component-based, they span multiple Windows (or Office, Exchange, SQL Server, as appropriate) versions.
That bulletin approach made it easy to see both a high-level overview of how severe the problems were and what was impacted along with details on each individual reported vulnerability.
In the new system, that grouping is gone. Microsoft now has a searchable database (hidden behind a lengthy click-through EULA) with an entry for each individual bug. The grouping that the old bulletins offered has been substantially removed. So for example, the April updates include a fix for Flash. Under the old system, this would result in a single bulletin that encompassed Flash on Windows 8.1, Server 2012, Server 2012 R2, Windows RT, Windows 10, and Windows Server 2016. Now? Each of those operating systems is reported as a different line from a database search. This:
...has become this:
For Windows bugs, the categorization by product area appears to be gone. No longer do we see listings for kernel, drivers, or IIS. They're all just "Windows." An organization might reasonably be more concerned about, say, critical IIS bugs than they are critical SMB bugs. The former are much more likely to be exposed to the Internet than the latter, and so might well be prioritized for testing and deployment. But there's no longer any easy way to see which bugs are which.
Similarly, seeing which CVE IDs have been fixed in a given patch cycle is more difficult. The information is there if you perform a "detailed" search, but the presentation is overwhelming: one search result per CVE per affected product, so each CVE gets repeated a whole bunch of times:
If you want to read up on what each bug is, there's no single-page consolidated view with both high-level and low-level details. Instead, you'll have to click each of those blue CVE links one by one.
Except for the information about which part of Windows is affected, it does appear that most of the information from the bulletins is still available—it has just been made much less convenient to use. As such, the negative reaction we've been hearing is very understandable, and it makes us wonder why Microsoft made this change in this particular way. A beta period during which both the old and the new style coexisted would surely have been a valuable way to get feedback without being tremendously disruptive to existing administrative processes. The new approach does have some potential advantages, as Microsoft says that the new database has (or will have, at least) properly defined APIs. This will make it easier to integrate with other tools and third-party services. But it seems a lot of admins just want sensibly consolidated information in a manner that they can read and distribute within their organizations.
Is there anyone out there who loves the new database approach? Or, has Microsoft taken a major step backwards and made all your lives harder?
NAIROBI, April 5 Kenya has sent a team of scientists and other experts to investigate reports of crop-eating caterpillars known as fall armyworms in maize fields in the western region of Trans-Nzoia, a senior government official said on Wednesday.
Neighbouring Uganda confirmed last month that the pests had attacked crops on farms in about 20 districts in the country, heightening concerns that they could spread into Kenya.
Johnson Irungu, the director of crops at the ministry of agriculture, said the team was sent in two weeks ago after reports the pests had appeared in maize crops being grown by farmers using irrigation.
Kenya is suffering from a drought that has left about 2.7 million people in need of food aid and driven up inflation to a near-five year high.
Irungu said they were working with local authorities to deal with the armyworm attacks.
"We are also requesting farmers to at least control them within their boundaries," they said.
The caterpillar is native to North and South America, though it has already spread to other parts of Africa including Zambia, Zimbabwe, Malawi, South Africa, Namibia, Mozambique and Democratic Republic of Congo.
The United Nations fears it could reach Asia and the Mediterranean in the next few years.
(Reporting by Duncan Miriri. Editing by Jane Merriman)
​My name is Joey and I find the "Purge" movies endlessly frustrating. Since the original movie, "The Purge" made its debut in 2013, I've thought about this quite a lot. But as the fourth movie in the series, somewhat misleadingly named "The First Purge", hits theaters today, I can't escape it.
The frustration is too much. So I have decided to blog my way out of it.
If you haven't seen the trailer for "The First Purge," you can watch that here. But if you're a human with an internet connection and any semblance of a connection with mainstream movies and popular culture, you're likely already familiar with the series' premise:
In a dystopian United States that looks unsettlingly similar to our own, almost all crime — from murder to theft to arson to public urination — is legalized for one night per year.
It's an enchanting what-if. I actually think it might be a little too enchanting. Because these movies stink. They really do. They're trope-filled, boring takes on the home-invasion horror film, the heist film and the political action thriller. And now we're getting a fourth entry which looks to be more of the same, which is to say garbage.
It's not that I wish they would stop making these films. It's that I wish they were never made to begin with. The very fact that this very good premise was allowed to enter the public consciousness will forever leave me wanting. I wish they never existed at all.
They Make A Lot Of Money
First, I know why the "Purge" movies exist. They, like all nearly all movies, have been ushered into the world by film executives in order to make money.
Despite its flaws, the "Purge" series is particularly good at this. IMDb estimates "The Purge" cost Universal Pictures roughly $3 million and then turned around and pulled in $90 million from box office sales. Its sequel, cost $9 million, and brought in $110 million worldwide. The third movie cost $10 million and raked in more than $118 million.
Finally, if today's release cost $13 million (an estimate from film site Box Office Mojo) it's safe to assume that should the trend continue, this movie will make a hell of a lot more than that.
Even Though They're Kind Of Unpopular
These movies essentially print cash. That's okay; good, even. It's what summer blockbusters are supposed to do. Curiously though, they also continually flop with critics and fans alike.
Take a look at these Rotten Tomato scores. Here's the original film:
A 38% from critics, a 36% from audience. "Attempts to make an intelligent point, but ultimately devolves." Fair. Sound. Relatively scathing. Let's look at number two:
56% from critics (which the review aggregation site still considers "rotten" and a 56% from audiences. "Uncommonly ambitions... never as smart or as resonant as it tries to be." Definitely an improvement. How did the third one do?
A 53% from critics, a 48% from audience. We're going in the wrong direction. Finally, a look into the future toward "The First Purge." Since this movie is new and only critics have gotten a chance to see and rate it on Rotten Tomatoes, it has a "Want To See" meter in place of an audience score and– wait, what the?
The critics who got to see "The First Purge" ahead of time have this movie pegged as a solid 50 out of 100, and hundreds of normal moviegoers like you and me are still tuning into Rotten Tomatoes to say they want to see it.
Why are we like this? Why do we do this to ourselves? Why do we let Universal Pictures to keep making "Purge" movies, only to be disappointed by them year after year?
I'm Pretty Sure There's Just Something About These Movies That Itches A Scratch In Our Brains
Scroll to a different section of IMDb, past the box office numbers and cast/crew information, and you'll arrive at a place that harvests a softer version of "data": user reviews. It is in this section of this website, I think, that we can find an explanation for why these movies are allowed to continue to exist.
On IMDb, "The Purge" has a user review score of 5.7, a bit higher than it does on Rotten Tomatoes (38% from critics and 36% from fans) or Metacritic (41%). But if you scroll through the IMDb user reviews and pay attention to the headlines, a trend emerges from the reviews that hover right around that 5.7 figure. Here's a handful from just the first page:
The extremely negative reviews just say the movie is bad — haters gonna hate. That's just how the internet works. And there are obviously a handful of reviewers that liked the film enough to balance those haters out.
But look at all these reviews in the middle saying the same thing: the film could have been great, but it wasted the potential of its fantastic premise.
Think about it again. A world exactly like ours, but with the insane caveat that all society has to deal with a twelve hour nationwide crime spree.
That premise is really, really good. It feels like it could be the basis for a good story, say something smart about society or just stir something up in its audience's imaginations. Unfortunately, the "Purge" movies have always fallen short of that.
"Tired clichés." "Never as it tries to be." "Wasted potential." Remember?
I think maybe the problem is that the premise already does these things by itself. If you hear the concept behind the "Purge" films once — and you likely will, because it's just one of those things that people seem to bring up a lot, even between movie releases — it sticks with you. It makes you ask "what if?" And when you finally do sit down in front of one of this multimillion dollar blockbusters, its a huge letdown.
But it's not enough of a letdown that you will give up on the chance that Universal Pictures might someday get it right. And I think that's why we keep showing up to these.
Perhaps the real dystopia we should fear is the one we already live: having a new "Purge" film thrust upon us every 18 months or so. Until of course, the end of modern civilization actually arrives. Then — and only then — when movies, entertainment and all kinds of intriguing stories that make our brains go "huh" are but a distant memory will our society finally be rid of the crime that is this underachieving series of movies.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,390 Blog Entries: 2
New Orleans beer events during Mardi Gras parade season
New Orleans' official Carnival parade season begins Friday, and here are some beer events to keep in mind as the revelry starts.
Thursday, Feb. 16
? Chef Nathanial Zimet and the team behind Boucherie and Bourree are teaming up with area breweries for ?Brewed Here, Cooked Here,? a food and beer pairing dinner at the restaurant?s private event space, Jeannette (8115 Jeannette St.). The dinner starts at 7 p.m. and costs $75.
? New Orleans' official Carnival parade season begins Friday, and here are some beer events to keep in mind as the revelry starts.Thursday, Feb. 16? Chef Nathanial Zimet and the team behind Boucherie and Bourree are teaming up with area breweries for ?Brewed Here, Cooked Here,? a food and beer pairing dinner at the restaurant?s private event space, Jeannette (8115 Jeannette St.). The dinner starts at 7 p.m. and costs $75.
FILE - In this Feb. 5, 2018, file photo, Steven Spielberg arrives at the 90th Academy Awards Nominees Luncheon at The Beverly Hilton hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. The 25th anniversary of Spielbergâ€™s â€œSchindlerâ€™s Listâ€� and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palmaâ€™s â€œScarfaceâ€� will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival. The New York festival announced Monday, March 19, that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this Feb. 5, 2018, file photo, Steven Spielberg arrives at the 90th Academy Awards Nominees Luncheon at The Beverly Hilton hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. The 25th anniversary of Spielbergâ€™s â€œSchindlerâ€™s Listâ€� and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palmaâ€™s â€œScarfaceâ€� will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival. The New York festival announced Monday, March 19, that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - The 25th anniversary of Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List" and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palma's "Scarface" will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The New York festival announced Monday that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. The "Scarface" event will reunite De Palma, Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer on April 19 at the Beacon Theatre.
The festival will also host an anniversary screening of 1992's "In the Soup," an acclaimed independent film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. The largely forgotten release, starring Steve Buscemi and Seymour Cassel, has been restored following a Kickstarter campaign to repair the remaining, damaged print.
Also slated for on-stage interviews at Tribeca are Bradley Cooper, Jamie Foxx, Spike Lee and Alec Baldwin.
The festival runs April 18-29.
“Demonstrating confidence in the health of the American economy, the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the third consecutive quarter on Wednesday,” Binyamin Appelbaum reports for The New Your Times.
“The Fed, as expected, raised its benchmark rate to a range between 1 percent and 1.25 percent, citing the continued strength of job growth and dismissing, for now, the renewed weakness of inflation,” Appelbaum reports. “‘The labor market has continued to strengthen,' the Fed said in an upbeat statement published after a two-day meeting of its policy-making committee. The Fed added that economic growth ‘has been rising moderately so far this year.'”
“The Fed's statement did acknowledge that inflation has weakened in recent months, which has forced the Fed to concede that it has once again been wrong about inflation. Fed officials now predict that prices will rise by just 1.6 percent this year, down sharply from their forecast of 1.9 percent in March. They continued to predict 2 percent inflation next year,” Appelbaum reports. “The Fed in recent years has been equally consistent in predicting 2 percent inflation, and in being wrong.”
“The combination of strong job growth and weak inflation appeared to be the reason for the reappraisal,” Appelbaum reports. “Fed officials continue to adjust their estimates of how low unemployment can go. Some officials now predict the unemployment rate could fall below 4 percent – the lowest level in a generation.”
Read more in the full article here.
The Colorado Avalanche will look to maintain a foothold in the top eight spots of the Western Conference playoff race when they visit the Chicago Blackhawks on Tuesday night at the United Center.
Colorado (39-25-8) has won four of its past five games and is in position to claim a wild-card playoff berth with 10 games left in the regular season. The Avalanche is seeking their first postseason appearance since the 2013-14 season.
"We're not worried about anybody coming out flat or not bringing their best, which is nice," Avalanche center Nathan MacKinnon said to the team's official website. "Everyone is very confident in each other. That's what makes for a very good team. Everyone really trusts each other on this team. We have a full group of guys committed to the same thing."
For the past decade, such quotes have been common from Blackhawks players. But this season has been anything but common for Chicago (30-34-9), which will miss the playoffs for the first time since the 2007-08 season. The previous decade has included nine straight playoff appearances and three Stanley Cup championships.
Despite the downturn, the Blackhawks insist they are determined to finish strong.
"A lot of guys this season have been humbled in a lot of ways with the way the season's going," Blackhawks right winger Patrick Kane said to the Chicago Sun-Times. "And for these young guys, they haven't really been around a winning culture yet. So it's important to try to keep that going, to try to keep winning games and get them to feel that feeling -- what it's like to win games in here and have that winning culture.
"I don't think that's anything we want to create in here, where losing is acceptable and it's OK if we lose a game because of the position we're in."
Kane leads the Blackhawks with 69 points (25 goals, 44 assists) in 73 games. They need one more point to reach 70 for the seventh time in their career and the third season in a row.
Colorado is led by MacKinnon, who has 89 points (38 goals, 51 assists) in 64 games. The 22-year-old has set career highs in goals, assists and points and has garnered attention as a candidate for the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player.
"For me, if we get in the playoffs, he's the MVP," Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. "I can't imagine there's another player that means more for their team and is doing more for their team than what Nate's doing for us. That's just the way I see it. I mean, they are the driving force to our offense."
Avalanche goaltender Semyon Varlamov likely will make their 43rd start.  They are 21-14-6 with a 2.73 goals-against average and a .918 save percentage. In 20 career games against Chicago, they are 11-6-2 with a 2.36 GAA and a .930 save percentage.
The Blackhawks will counter with Jean-Francois Berube or Anton Forsberg in net. Berube is 2-4-1 with a 3.70 GAA and an .897 save percentage in 10 games. Forsberg is 9-15-3 with a 3.04 GAA and a .905 save percentage in 31 games.
If President Rodrigo Duterte is to be believed, a BIFF sub-leader may succeed Isnilon Hapilon as the top leader of the Islamic State in the entire Southeast Asia
Published 2:16 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The country's top terrorist leaders – linked with Islamic State (ISIS), Isnilon Hapilon and Omar Maute – are dead, along with nearly a thousand militants in Marawi and nearby areas. But the government claims the "remnant groups" are capable of invading other areas to establish a wilayat or an Islamic caliphate and the military cannot address the threat without its martial law powers.
In their letter asking Congress to extend martial law for another 12 months, President Rodrigo Duterte said the primary threat comes from armed groups linked with international terrorist network Daesh or ISIS although they also named the communist New People's Army as new targets of the proposed martial law extension.
But Duterte singled out one-armed group in their letter painting the dire situation in Mindanao. A faction of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) led by a relatively unknown leader – Esmail Sheikh Abdulmalik – who goes by the nickname "Commander Turaifie."
No other terrorist was named in the letter.
Hapilon's successor?
If Duterte is to be believed, Turaifie is a possible successor of Hapilon themselves as the top leader of ISIS in the entire Southeast Asia, presumably the one who can unite the remnant groups.
"The Turaifie Group has likewise been monitored to be planning to conduct bombings, notably targeting the Cotabato area. Turaifie is said to be Hapilon's potential successor as Amir of Daesh Wilayat in the Philippines and Southeast Asia," Duterte said in their letter.
But Turaifie appears to be a low-level operative, based on Rappler interviews.  They are also believed to be operating only in Maguindanao although there is concern they can "grow big" if they are able to recruit the populace who are increasingly becoming disillusioned with the peace process.
Turaifie drew government attention in April 2017 – just a month before the Marawi siege – after they posted a video of themselves pledging allegiance to ISIS.
It appears it was the primary reason the military, and even the police, took notice. They refer to their faction as the ISIS group within the BIFF.
Turaifie is a former commander of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) but a source privy to the organization told Rappler "he wasn't high-ranking."
"Hindi naman kalakasan si Turaifie," said one officer based in Central Mindanao.
The Turaifie Group also suffered heavy casualties in recent military campaigns. It has since been weakened, according to Rappler interviewees. It is now reduced to, according to an officer's description, a "strike-and-hide" group.
It was the target of at least two military air strike operations in North Cotabato in November.
Turaifie has reportedly formed a new group, the Jamaatul Mujahideen Wal Ansar, but the military considers it as one the factions of BIFF.
Commander Bungos
But Turaifie's group isn't the bigger problem in Central Mindanao as far as the military is concerned. It's the another BIFF faction led by Esmail Abubakar or "Commander Bungos."
"Mas extreme si Commander Bungos. Sila talaga yung gumagawa ng pag-atake sa detachment (Commander Bungos is more extreme. It's their group that's behind attacks on detachments)," a military officer said.
Military officers in Western Mindanao told Rappler in previous interviews it's Bungos they were afraid could attack nearby Cotabato City to replicate the Marawi siege.
After Marawi, the military has been watching the city as a possible target of ISIS-linked groups. There are concerns about the recruitment of residents to carry on what ISIS wanted in Marawi – an Islamic caliphate – but the military leadership has not confirmed this.
BIFF and the peace talks
The BIFF was formed after the collapse of the peace talks with the Arroyo administration in 2008. Turaifie is among those who joined the late Ameril Umbra Kato after they were disillusioned with the government.
When peace talks with the MILF resumed under the Aquino administration, the military knew it had to eliminate the BIFF as the main threat to the talks. The group was weakened but proved resilient. It's notorious for the spate of roadside bombing incidents that targeted government troops.
The BIFF also coddled foreign terrorists like Zulkifli bin Hir or Marwan, who was killed in a tragic 2015 police raid that killed 44 elite cops. The backlash from the botched police operation resulted in a crackdown on the BIFF, killing its high-profile members like Abdul Basit Usman.
Kato's death a few months left the group further weaker and factionalized.
BIFF members continue to recruit former colleagues from the MILF, however, capitalizing on growing disillusionment among its members because of the continued delay in the implementation of a peace agreement that will create the Bangsamoro region. – Rappler.com
Scientists have uncovered a potential approach to treat one of the commonest causes of dementia and stroke in older people.
Studies with rats found the treatment can reverse changes in blood vessels in the brain associated with the condition, called cerebral small vessel disease.
Treatment also prevents damage to brain cells caused by these blood vessel changes, raising hope that it could offer a therapy for dementia.
Small vessel disease, or SVD, is a major cause of dementia and can also worsen the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. It is responsible for almost half of all dementia cases in the UK and is a major cause of stroke, accounting for around one in five cases.
Patients with SVD are diagnosed from brain scans, which detect damage to white matter - a key component of the brain's wiring.
Until now, it was not known how changes in small blood vessels in the brain associated with SVD can cause damage to brain cells.
A team led by the University of Edinburgh found that SVD occurs when cells that line the small blood vessels in the brain become dysfunctional. This causes them to secrete a molecule into the brain.
The molecule stops production of the protective layer that surrounds brain cells - called myelin - which leads to brain damage.
Treating rats with drugs that stop blood vessel cells from becoming dysfunctional reversed the symptoms of SVD and prevented brain damage, tests found.
Researchers say that further studies will need to test whether the treatment also works when the disease is firmly established. They will also need to check if the treatment can reverse the symptoms of dementia.
Dementia is one of the biggest problems facing society, as people live longer and the population ages. Estimates indicate there are almost 47 million people living with dementia worldwide and the numbers affected are expected to double every 20 years, rising to more than 115 million by 2050.
The research, published in Science Translational Medicine, was carried out at the Medical Research Council Centre for Regenerative Medicine and the UK Dementia Research Institute at the University of Edinburgh. It was funded by the MRC, Alzheimer's Research UK and Fondation Leducq.
Professor Anna Williams, Group Leader at the University of Edinburgh's MRC Centre for Regenerative Medicine, said: "This important research helps us understand why small vessel disease happens, providing a direct link between small blood vessels and changes in the brain that are linked to dementia. It also shows that these changes may be reversible, which paves the way for potential treatments."
Dr Sara Imarisio, Head of Research at Alzheimer's Research UK said: "Changes to the blood supply in the brain play an important role in Alzheimer's disease as well as being a direct cause of vascular dementia. This pioneering research highlights a molecular link between changes to small blood vessels in the brain and damage to the insulating 'white matter' that helps nerve cells to send signals around the brain.
"The findings highlight a promising direction for research into treatments that could limit the damaging effects of blood vessel changes and help keep nerve cells functioning for longer. There are currently no drugs that slow down or stop Alzheimer's disease and no treatments to help people living with vascular dementia. Alzheimer's Research UK is very pleased to have helped fund this innovative research, which is only possible thanks to the work of our dedicated supporters."
Dr Nathan Richardson, the MRC's Head of Molecular and Cellular Medicine, commented: "This study is a great example of how innovative discovery science into regenerative mechanisms can be applied to improve our understanding of how vascular changes contribute to dementia. This research in rats opens up new possibilities for developing therapies for cerebral small vessel disease."
###
BERLIN (AP) — Austria's Constitutional Court says it will consider whether a third gender should be an option for official records, taking up the case of a person who unsuccessfully sought to have their entry changed to “inter” or a similar word.
The court said in a statement on Monday that an initial review raised concerns that having to list one's gender as female or male contravenes the privacy protections enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights.
German Court Rejects ‘Gender-Sensitive' Bank Forms https://t.co/uxadZnbSpm — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) March 13, 2018
The highest court in neighboring Germany ruled in November that people must be allowed to appear in official records as neither male nor female. It said authorities should create a third identity or scrap gender entries altogether.
It gave the German government until the end of this year to address the issue.
Windmill Developments has filed the largest ever grant application to the city to help finance the cleanup costs of contaminated industrial lands on the Ottawa River, where the company plans to build its flagship Zibi community.
The developer is asking for more than $60 million in brownfields rehabilitation grant and development charge credits to clean up the 6.5 hectares of land it owns at 3 and 4 Booth St., on Chaudière and Albert islands.
The city's program, which caps all grants, tax breaks and development charge reductions at 50 per cent of the eligible costs to scrub the property, is designed to kickstart development at key lands, fuelling economic development and building the property tax base.
According to a report prepared for the finance and economic development committee, Windmill will use the money to cover a wide range of activities, including the costs of a feasibility study and environmental assessments, new fill and grading, building demolition and rehabilitation, and half the costs of upgrading on-site infrastructure, including water services, sanitary sewers and stormwater management facilities.
Brownfields are properties where past actions have resulted in actual or perceived environmental contamination and derelict buildings. They are usually former industrial or commercial properties.
There is “widespread contamination” related to the use and storage of chemicals used at the various mill buildings, on-site spills, buried waste, existence of poor fill materials, burning of waste, and an extensive fire on the site in 1900, the report says.
The site in question has been vacant for years.
The city sees the Windmill proposal as a “unique opportunity to revitalize the area and create a vibrant community that both honours the various aspects of site history and incorporates a modern approach for sustainable community living,” the report says.
The site has already been rezoned and construction is underway on the first building on the Gatineau side.
The total costs eligible for grants under the program are $121,726,028.
Zibi could generate $360 million in direct construction value, as well as more than $750 million in new commercial and residential assessments added to the city's property tax assessment roll at full development, the city said.
There will also be millions annually in increased property and education taxes, as well as development charges, building permit fees and other development fees.
The city has approved 34 brownfields grant applications since 2007.
Most breeze through committee and council, but Somerset Coun. Catherine McKenney says they don't support the current grant being applied to portions of the lands that were “contaminated by industrial uses under federal ownership or management.”
The finance committee will consider the report when it meets on June 5.
mpearson@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mpearson78
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels. They said that as long as he's on the floor, the Cavs will always have a chance to win, and no one doubts him.
They took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
Nicole Wall
Bingham, Jr., pitcher
20-3 record, 2.02 ERA, 224 K
Wall's tricky offspeed pitches and location were on full display during title day for Class 5A. The hard-hitting West batters often were baffled in trying to reach Wall as Bingham won one game before finally succumbing to the Panthers in the second. Wall had pitched a complete game against Copper Hills that same day to get the Miners into the championship round. "I just felt like they were the ultimate workhorse," Bingham coach Mikki Jackson said. Wall was no slouch with the bat either. They batted .471 with five homers. That final day of the season was emblematic of their junior campaign. "I just think we saw how they got stronger and stronger as the year went on," Jackson said.
Brayle Crosman
Grantsville, Sr., C
.351 average, 8 HR, 30 RBIs
The work ethic and joy of Crosman, particularly evident when they rounded first after hitting a seventh-inning homer in the Class 3A championship game, was contagious. "She is an extraordinary leader and is a great person," Grantsville coach Heidi Taylor said. "There wasn't a day in the last four years that they didn't give it 100 percent. The girls, they knew that, because they play with them in practice." Crosman had the skills, too. After throwing out two Bear River runners in the first two innings, the Bears never again tried to steal in a nip-and-tuck title contest in which the Cowboys won their first softball crown since 1998.
Huntyr Ava
West, Soph., 1B
.594 average, 21 HR, 66 RBIs
MUNSHAAT announces Board changes (KSE) Date: 03 Jul 2018 Munshaat Real Estate Projects Co appointed Mr. Nawwaf Mussaed Abdul Aziz Al Osseimi as Board Member to replace Mr. Dawood Soliman Al Busseiri - representative of Soukouk Real Estate Co and Mr. Abdullah Fouad Abdullah Al Thaqeb to replace Mr. Ferass Fahd Al Bahr - representative of Soukouk Holding Co.
View larger $12.98 $10.98 - Select Qty - 1 2
2 in stock
Poster SKU: 171212-68878-1
Part No: P6910
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Dennis Hopper items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Throwback Space
Genres: Adventure | Buddy Films | Cult Cinema | Drama
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: Columbia Tri-Star
Original U.S. Release: July 14, 1969
Rating: R
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This is the classic one sheet for the iconic biker film centering on two counterculture bikers who travel from Los Angeles to New Orleans in search of America. Dennis Hopper directed and starred in Easy Rider, which was originally released in 1969. The film also starred Jack Nicholson, Peter Fonda, Phil Spector and Luana Anders.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Antonio Mendoza | Dennis Hopper | Jack Nicholson | Luana Anders | Luke Askew | Mac Mashourian | Peter Fonda | Phil Spector | Sabrina Scharf | Tita Colorado | Warren Finnerty
Directors: Dennis Hopper
Project Name: Easy Rider
Related Items
Categories
Adventure | Buddy Films | Columbia Tri-Star | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Drama | Featured | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Throwback Space
Grappling with the fatal shooting of their best friend and recovering from their own bullet wounds, Bun Sim chooses forgiveness.
Sim was the first man shot by 31-year-old Raymond Alliman in what would, just moments later, become double fatal shootings in the ByWard Market the morning of June 3.
After shooting Sim, while fleeing police, Alliman shot and killed Terrence Phillips, 43. The gunman then fled into a parking garage where a shootout ensued with tactical officer Const. Aaron Reichert. Alliman was killed in the exchange of gunfire. The Special Investigations Unit is now investigating both deaths.
Related
Hours before the shootings, Sim was throwing Phillips a birthday party.
“Everyone was happy,” Sim told the Citizen, in their first account of the fatal events. “No bad vibes.”
Friday night's good times gave way to Saturday morning's Market tension. Sim said they didn't know Alliman but at the end of the birthday festivities, sideways glances led to words being exchanged.
“I tried to stop the situation and they shot me,” Sim said. Sim was shot in the stomach. The bullet went through their back. Blood was “shooting out of” them and their best friend Phillips took off after the gunman.
Sim wishes Phillips hadn't chased Alliman — a decision that contributed to Phillip's fatal end. But Sim figures Phillips thought Sim had been killed and that they were trying to stop a man they believed to be their friend's killer. “That's why he's my boy,” Sim said.
Friends put pressure on Sim's wounds and stayed with them until the ambulance arrived. When Sim found out that Phillips was dead, they were “broken” and “crushed.”
Phillips was a “family man and a loyal friend,” Sim said.
“'T' would give you the shirt off their back,” Sim said. “I met them when I was 12. They taught me everything I know.”
They'd been friends for more than two decades.
“I love them and miss them every day.”
Sim thinks the violence that injured them and claimed their friend's life was senseless. “It's all bulls–t … for nothing.”
That the man responsible for the shootings was ultimately stopped and killed by police is no comfort to him.
“Nobody should die this way,” Sim said. “Everyone (is) affected. They have a family, too.”
Sim wants other young men who may think about resorting to violence to see the impact it has on so many people.
“We all have to put hate aside and show more love and respect for each other.”
Their life has now forever been changed because of violence. Before June 3, Sim and Phillips were fathers, working 9-5 jobs to support their families, they said. Things changed for both of their families and Alliman's family that morning.
“We (should be) allowed to celebrate birthdays without worrying about getting shot,” they said.
Sim also said they aren't angry in the moments after they were injured.
“All I could think about was my kids and family.”
They prayed that if they survived, they would forgive the shooter. That resolve was tested when they found out Phillips was dead, but now anger won't bring their best friend back.
Sim said they realized that “hate just makes me weaker and I have to heal and be strong for those that love me.
“So I forgive so I can move on.”
syogaretnam@postmedia.com
twitter.com/shaaminiwhy
Here's something you don't see every day, not even in places like Dubai where a Lamborghini Huracan is the daily driver to keep miles off your bespoke Pagani. We came upon this incredible car collection from the folks over at Reddit, one of which works nearby and took a few photos on their lunch break. At first glance you might think wow, must be some kind of parking garage car show, but you'd be wrong. These cars – which range from classic American iron to a freaking Ferrari 599 GTO – are apparently stored there. In an open parking garage. All the time.
We reached out to the original poster of these photos, a Reddit user with the name pilsebbens who happens to be part of Ragaire Photography. According to him, the cars have been stored in the garage for at least the last few years and are allegedly part of a racing team, which may or may not center around a specific individual. That's supported by another Reddit user named ChrisHanSolo (cool name by the way) who posted a link in the discussion to Hines Race Team. Browsing through the photos at the site, we see some of the cars indeed match up, like this widebody Neon SRT 4, which apparently was originally built for SEMA, and a silver C2 Corvette Stingray.
At this point you probably have a couple questions in your head, because we sure as hell do. Clearly the person or persons behind these rides have some cash, so why leave a multi-million dollar car collection sitting in a freaking parking garage? In the Reddit thread, the photographer says the place isn't locked down at all and they wandered through without issue, taking care to not disturb the cars while snapping pics. There are signs posted that say the garage is monitored, but that apparently didn't stop past visitors from drawing, um, objects on the dusty exteriors.
Here's the thing though. Yes the cars are dirty, but in an open environment such buildup can occur in just a couple weeks. And with a recent Focus RS being among the crowd, we suspect at least some of these machines might go out every now and again. Furthermore, the arrangement must work if the cars have been there for years, because we certainly wouldn't keep our Ford Pinto in a garage if people kept stealing the stereo, never mind these rides.
Still, that doesn't change the fact that there's a freaking row of supercars sitting there as if parked in the Big Blue Deck at Detroit Metro Airport for weeks on end. And is that a crazy-rare Jaguar F-Type Project 7 we see under that dust? Apparently, someone's never heard of car covers.
The second question you have is probably where the hell is this place? For the sake of the photographer who was kind enough to send us these photos and share their story – not to mention the owner of these rides who entrusts them to the security of an open parking garage – we'll just say it's somewhere in Tennessee. Check out the gallery below and see if you can identify any additional landmarks.
Source: Reddit, Ragaire Photography
× Charlotte man arrested following fatal Richmond shooting
RICHMOND, Va. — A North Carolina man was arrested in connection to a fatal Richmond shooting.
DeQuan T. Burns, 21, of Charlotte, NC, turned themselves in to Richmond Police. Burns was initially charged with robbery and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony. Additional charges are pending, police said.
The charges stemmed from a fatal Monday night shooting along the 1400 block of Clarkson Road.
Bryant S. Jordan, 24, of Sugarbush Drive, was shot in the chest and died in an apartment complex parking lot.
“At approximately 10:21 p.m. [Monday], police were called to the 1400 block of Clarkson Road for the report of a person shot. When officers arrived, they found Jordan suffering from an apparent gunshot wound. They were pronounced dead at the scene,” a Richmond Police spokesperson said.
The SWAT team responded to the Southwood apartment complex where Jordan was found after witnesses said a suspect ran towards a nearby home. That suspect was never found.
‘I tried to help. It didn't work.' Nurse finds dying man in parking lot
A Richmond nurse said they left their south Richmond apartment Monday night and saw a man down on the ground in the parking lot. The nurse walked over to see if the man — who they believed had fallen — needed help.
Once they got closer, they realized the man — later identified as Jordan — had been shot.
“He was gasping for air, I saw blood on their shirt. It looked like he'd been shot in the chest,” the nurse, who identified themselves only as Linda, said.
It was then Linda's training took over.
“It was just an adrenaline rush. I know they were bleeding. I needed to just go. That mode to hurry up and help someone… to give them a chance to live,” Linda said. “I tried to help him. It did not work.”
Jordan died before EMS arrived on the scene, Linda said.
The Medical Examiner will determine their cause of death.
“Hopefully this community understands that we need more police activity out here,” Linda said. “We just need more activity from police to come through the neighborhood to make sure everything is OK. I just wish this neighborhood would get better.”
Share. Mech vs. monster, round two! Mech vs. monster, round two!
Jaeger and Kaiju will clash again in Pacific Rim: Uprising, the sequel to 2013's tale of mech vs. monster. And the team behind the new film -- stars John Boyega, Scott Eastwood, Burn Gorman and Cailee Spaeny and director Steven S. DeKnight (Spartacus, Daredevil) -- were on hand at New York Comic Con today to show off the new trailer for the film.
DeKnight took the stage in full military garb, medalled out like a Jaeger-trouncing champ. “It's amazing,” they said. “I grew up watching Ultraman… Godzilla movies. To get a chance to play in this world, which GDT executed the first time around, has just been an honor and a thrill.”
The director then broke down the new Jaegers to expect in the film, which they described as “bad-a$$.” They've been redesigned from the ground up, which gave the filmmakers the opportunity to show that humankind has come together as a fighting force. It's now all of humanity working together.
The new Jaegers include: The flagship Jaeger is the Gypsy Avenger. It can, among other things, hurl buildings and cars at the Kaiju. Another Jaeger is the Bracer Phoenix, a three-pilot rig that allows that third pilot to drop into the chest and operate its vortex cannons. The most advanced Jaeger in the fleet is the Saber Athena, which has a pair of plasma swords. The Titan Redeemer uses a “ball of death” which is attached to the end of its arm. Guardian Bravo is another “brute force” Jaeger that has some kind of whip. And there's a little Jaeger called Scrapper that has been “slapped together,” the result of people using old Jaeger parts to make homemade versions of a sort.
More from New York Comic Con:
NYCC 2017 Cosplay 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 30 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided. 01 30 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided. NYCC 2017 Cosplay Download Image Captions ESC
“The action takes place 10 years after the first movie, which really gave us a chance to explore where humanity is at this time,” explained the director. “And there's a new generation of Jaeger pilots who have known nothing but a world of chaos. And one of the things that we wanted to show is that it doesn't matter [who are you] … you can still make a difference. Inside the Jaeger, it's you times a thousand.”
Boyega, who you might say knows something about genre filmmaking, is actually a big Pac Rim nerd. “I love the first movie and one of the biggest reasons is because of [that film's star] Idris Elba,” they said. “I could not have imagined that I was gonna play their son. It's cool to get into another franchise this way.”
The star recalled taking a “general meeting” with some studio people, which suddenly turned into a pitch for Pac Rim 2. “They were like, we want to show you a few things,” they laughed. “And I saw myself in a Jaeger suit! I was like, ohhhhh…”
They also talked about how their character, Jake Pentecost, is a reluctant hero who is avoiding their namesake when we first meet them in the film. “The greatest heroes don't accept their legendary status,” said Boyega. “He's a guy who does not want to live up to the Pentecost name.”
Eastwood said that their character is “the tip of the spear. He's a pilot. He's one of the best. But he's nothing really without their best friend Jake. So they've got some issues in this one to work out from the past. … Being a friend with someone and having to come back around after some lost time, I thought that was kind of cool.”
The actor also stressed that Pacific Rim: Uprising is as much about the story and characters as it is the action and effects. “The great thing about this film is that it really has a great story first and foremost,” they said. “The action is there, but the story is really great.”
Cailee Spaeny makes their film debut as Amara, who lost their entire family in a Jaeger/Kaiju battle.
“She's taken it upon themselves to check in with the Jaeger [group] so that when the Kaiju come back, they'll be ready,” explained the actor. “Jake and them are completely different but they see things in a lot of the same ways. Yeah, she's super bad-a$$.”
Gorman, the sole returning cast member to take the stage today, joked about their character Dr. Hermann Gottlieb… or at least we think they were joking. “Let's just say they haven't changed their socks since the last film,” they smirked. “Still problems with personal hygiene. But now they have a great budget for the first time in a long time. So they can do lots of things in dark corners and get away with it. … But where we find [him] is as a man very much affected by what happened in the first movie in terms of their Drift and their communication with the Kaiju.”
Not surprisingly, the hope is to franchise out the Pac Rim universe beyond this film. To that end, references to the original are of course peppered throughout Uprising even while the team promises to build upon the world further. DeKnight even laughed that that might include a “Jaeger built out of sticks” in order to avoid any pesky technological attacks. That's a movie I'm sure many of would like to see (The Wicker Jaeger?).
And the panel ended with a video message from “super fan” (and Pac Rim co-star) Charlie Day proposing and playing potential songs for the movie. Our favorite went something like this: “Charlie Day… and the rest of the cast. Charlie Day… and the rest of the cast. And the guy from Star Wars!”
Pacific Rim: Uprising will be released on March 23, 2018.
Talk to Senior Editor Scott Collura on Twitter at @ScottCollura.
SAN ANTONIO — Freshman Jhivvan Jackson came off the bench to hit four 3-pointers and score 22, Keaton Wallace added 11 points, eight rebounds and four assists and UT San Antonio shocked Western Kentucky 74-63 on Saturday.
The Roadrunners (13-11, 6-5 Conference USA) knocked down 8 of 23 shots from 3-point range (35 per cent), while holding the Hilltoppers (16-7, 8-2) to 2 of 20 from distance. UT San Antonio made 16 of 20 from the foul line, while Western Kentucky connected on just 17 of 30 attempts (57 per cent). The Roadrunners have won three straight.
Taveion Hollingsworth scored 21 on 8-of-13 shooting for the Hilltoppers, while Justin Johnson had 13 points and 13 rebounds for their eighth double-double of the season.
Jackson had three 3-pointers in a game-opening 17-5 run and the Roadrunners never looked back in the wire-to-wire win.
THERE'S a change at the top and the early pace setters are almost off the podium, while Brad Thorn's new-look Reds continue to surprise and climb up the power rankings.
1. HURRICANES (up 1)
Collect your $200 and GO.
There's a Monopoly feel to the power rankings this week, after the Hurricanes moved up to top spot despite having the bye round.
The 2016 champions travelled around the globe in the first three weeks of this year's competition and managed to knock over the defending premiers upon arrival in Wellington, before a well-earned rest last weekend.
But the Hurricanes must wake from their slumber on Saturday, as they come up against the Highlanders — the only undefeated side in the competition.
You'd watch this one on the battle of the halves alone.
LIVE stream the 2018 Super Rugby Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
2. HIGHLANDERS (up 1)
So they haven't lost a match yet, I get that, but they also haven't left the Zoo.
While the Highlanders have had three tough fixtures and passed them all with flying colours, the fact that the boys from Dunedin haven't left New Zealand's south island after the first month of Super Rugby has been a significant advantage.
Compare that to the Hurricanes, Waratahs, Reds and Stormers, who have each had to travel across the world!
On top of that, they came up against a decimated Crusaders side over the weekend missing at least half a dozen Test starters.
With that said, what we're seeing on the field is first-class from the Highlanders.
As per usual the Highlanders are sticking to their strengths.
They continue to kick and play the aerial game more than any other team, they back their defensive patterns and their outstanding halves pairing are delivering.
Small wonder the Highlanders' coaching staff cracked a few beers after their win.
3. CRUSADERS (down 2)
It's by no means breaking point for the Crusaders, but the defending champs are suffering from a mammoth injury toll.
To get as close to the Highlanders as they did without the likes of Kieran Read, Sam Whitelock, Owen Franks, Joe Moody, Ryan Crotty and Israel Dagg shows just how good they are.
Scott Robertson has the toughest job in Super Rugby at the moment given the hefty injury toll.
Managing the workloads of their fit players will require skill, too.
The Saders can score a try though!
4. LIONS (N/C)
Think Elton John's ‘The lion sleeps tonight'.
They conceded four tries in the last quarter of the match to be pipped by the Blues a week ago and then managed to squeeze past the Sunwolves 40-38.
The Lions haven't left South Africa yet, so sterner tests are ahead too.
But they better wake up soon or the improved Stormers or Bulls could turn up the heat on the back-to-back runners-up.
5. CHIEFS (up 1)
That first half against the Bulls was fun!
John Mitchell's side gave it a red hot crack and threw a lot at the Chiefs, but the New Zealand class shone through to get them home.
6. REBELS (down 1)
Did somebody say reality check?
The Rebels were cruising when Jack Maddocks went over to score in the 36th minute to make it 20-3.
But then it all went horribly wrong, as the Waratahs ran over the top of the Rebels to win 51-27.
How they respond against the Sharks on Friday night will reveal what the Rebels of 2018 are made of.
7. REDS (up 1)
The feel good story of the year.
After cliff diving over the past five years, the Reds are making a statement under new coach Brad Thorn.
They're not the most talented side, they won't score a ton of points but what they do have is a lot of ticker.
Their defence against the Jaguares won them the match.
They face their biggest test this weekend against the Stormers.
You'd be a fool to write them off though.
8. STORMERS (up 1)
After three weeks on the road, the Stormers returned home and upset the Blues.
They raced out to an early lead and never looked like letting the lead slip.
There's talent in the backline.
They have an exciting halves pairing and pace out wide, as well as a big pack.
The Reds better brace themselves this weekend or their winning run will come to an end.
9. WARATAHS (up 1)
If you tuned in after 30 minutes you'd have been forgiven for turning off the TV if you were a Tahs fan.
Like they did against the Jaguares, they were hopeless for much of the first half.
Their second half, however, was as good as you'll see.
But one half doesn't make a season.
They remain the most frustrating side in Super Rugby
10. BLUES (down 3)
Ouch!
The Blues' hopes of progressing out of the New Zealand conference have taken a massive hit.
After knocking off the Lions in Johannesburg there were high expectations they could win again on the road, particularly as the Stormers — unlike the Blues — had to travel back from New Zealand.
They didn't.
11. BRUMBIES (up 1)
It didn't matter how it came, the Brumbies just needed to win — and they did.
The Brumbies are playing like a side without a lot of confidence, as they attempt to reinvent themselves as a rugby team.
After a slow start to the season, Christian Lealiifano looked more at home at inside centre outside Wharenui Hawera's, who was brought in at fly-half to help share the workload.
Their attack, however, remains a work in progress.
The Brumbies will welcome back David Pocock for their showdown against the Waratahs on Saturday week and their return will do wonders for them.
12. BULLS (up 10)
They didn't win, but fair play to the Bulls who took it to the Chiefs.
Their attack was New Zealand-esque in the first half, as they raced to a 28-14 lead at half time.
If they can play like they did during that first 40 minutes more often than not, they'll quickly become a force in this competition.
13. JAGUARES (down 2)
Talk about shooting yourself in the foot!
The Jaguares had all the possession and all the territory against the Reds, but continually let themselves down by dropping the ball or through inaccurate set-piece play.
Had they managed to get their lineout in order, the Reds would not have stood a chance.
14. SHARKS (N/C)
A tough season is about to get a lot tougher.
15. SUNWOLVES (N/C)
A late try saw the Sunwolves pick up their second bonus-point loss of the season.
Good reward, but the Sunwolves aren't getting off the bottom of the ladder anytime soon.
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in their first two matches at the French Open tennis tournament.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland-Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech, 6-2, 6-2, in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in their six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. They missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. They know getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. They will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during their post-U. S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," they said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. They were beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with their tennis until March when they won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
AKRON, Ohio - A former Ohio high school teacher is accused of engaging in a three-year sexual affair with a teenage boy they met when they were their eighth grade English teacher.
Laura Lynn Cross, 36, was indicted on three counts of sexual battery over a period beginning on August 1, 2013 through September 6, 2016. They were a Buchtel High School teacher.
The teen's father says they first raised concerns to both a Buchtel High School official and Tallmadge Police as early as 2012 when their son was a first-year student--but no charges were filed.
Cross resigned their teaching position in January, 2015.
"First of all, she's a schoolteacher," said the teen's father. "To get aroused by a child basically you have to be a sick individual."
Even more disturbing, Cross convinced the teen's mother--who had custody--to allow the teen to move in with them in their Tallmadge home through a court approved "partial parental custody" arrangement.
Cross convinced the teen's mother that they could continue to "mentor" him.
Charges were filed only last week after police learned that Cross and the teen had a child together in 2015 that was kept secret until a tipster called the teen's father and broke the news.
An Akron School System spokesperson said the district was unaware of the case until a Cleveland-based WEWS investigation alerted them but said it is now "doing our own internal investigation going back to 2012 to determine what exactly happened and when it happened"
"It was a straight failure from the system," said the teen's father. "From the school and definitely from the police."
Cross is currently being held in the Summit County Jail under $100,000 bond.
By Radio.com Staff
It's Valentine's day and artists are taking to social media to show love for their fans and significant others.
Related: John Mayer is Cupid's Secret Weapon
Katy Perry, Paul McCartney and Miley Cyrus are just a few of the musicians to spread the love.
Chris Young had their tongue planted firmly in their cheek when they wished fans a “Happy Taco Tuesday,” and then there was Kesha, who loves their fans, but worries their cats will eat them Valid concern.
Check out the best Valentine's Day messages below.
❤✨So much love for my #KatyCats on this mushy day! Thanks for keeping me floating and grounded all at the same time… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
KATY PERRY (@katyperry) February 14, 2017
All we need is love. Happy Valentine's Day. X #ValentinesDay https://t.co/DsxieopcYJ —
Paul McCartney (@PaulMcCartney) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day https://t.co/p4VIPntyHx —
Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) February 14, 2017
Have a Happy Hippie Valentimezzzzz! TBTuesday to my date night with @tywrent!!!!!! It's all about L-O-V-E everyday.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day to all our fans ❤️ https://t.co/IzYZEVsyEX —
Pearl Jam (@PearlJam) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day ❤😘😍 I love you —
Austin Mahone (@AustinMahone) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentines Day X Adam https://t.co/eiKiysyNE3 —
(@U2) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day, ya creeps. —
Mark Hoppus (@markhoppus) February 14, 2017
I think I'm forgetting something today... Oh yeah! Happy Taco Tuesday everybody! —
(@ChrisYoungMusic) February 14, 2017
OKLAHOMA CITY police say the death of a 1-month-old girl who was taken to a hospital with a severe head injury is considered a homicide.
Sgt. Gary Knight says Willow Rose Shelton died Thursday at the University of Oklahoma Children's Hospital.
Knight says the girl was taken to the hospital Jan. 25 with the head injury. The infant was born on Jan. 3.
Knight says there have been no arrests and that investigators are still trying to determine where the child was and who was caring for them when they were injured.
Use Federal Loans For Students First
Federal Parent PLUS Loans
What To Look For In Private Student Loans
With the fall semester starting soon, it's time to finalize how you'll pay for college. After scholarships and grants, the average cost for one semester is about $7,000 at public colleges and about $13,000 at private colleges. Most families use a mix of savings, income and loans to cover the remaining cost. Borrowing money should be the last resort. If you're just short of being able to cover the total cost upfront, find out if the college offers a way you can pay in installments. But many families find they still need to borrow to fill in the gap. About 42 percent of them borrowed some money to pay for school last year, according to a survey published by lender Sallie Mae . "There's still time to take out a loan, but you want to do it sooner rather than later," said Kalman Chany, the author of Paying for College Without Going Broke, an annually updated book from The Princeton Review. If you've suddenly realized the bill is bigger than expected, there are three borrowing options: federal loans that students borrow, federal loans that parents borrow, and loans from a private lender.The federal Direct Loans for students come with low interest rates, flexible repayment options, and students are automatically eligible regardless of income or credit history. The interest rate is fixed and the same for every student. It's 4.45 percent for the 2017-2018 school year. For some low-income students, there's another benefit. Their Direct Loans won't start accruing interest until six months after graduation . For everyone else, the interest starts accruing immediately. But there's a limit on how many students can borrow. Direct Loans are capped at $5,500 during your first year of college, $6,550 during your second year, and $7,500 during your remaining years. (These loans also have a 1.1 percent origination fee. So you'll receive closer to $5,440 during your first year.) To apply for the loan, first fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid ( FAFSA ), if you haven't already. Then log in to StudentLoans.gov to accept the loan.For some, the capped federal loans for students may not be enough to cover the remaining cost of college. Parents may have to step in to borrow the money themselves from the federal program or a private lender. The federal PLUS Loan program for parents should offer enough money to cover the remaining cost of attendance (including things like books and transportation) after using other financial aid. But parents must pass a credit check to receive the federal PLUS Loan. They must not have an " adverse credit history ," which means they cannot be delinquent on other debts. In most cases you can apply for the loan at StudentLoans.gov, but some colleges have a different process, Chany said. The interest rate is fixed and the same for each borrower. This year it's seven percent. Parents are expected to start repaying the PLUS Loans immediately unless they request a deferment while their child is still in school. They come with several repayment options. If a parent fails the credit check, there is some good news. The student will automatically be able to borrow an additional $4,000 in Direct Loans. But some parents with good credit might be able to find a lower interest rate from a private lender.Private student loans come from a variety of lenders, including big banks, credit unions, a handful of states, and lenders that work specifically with students and their parents to pay for college like Sallie Mae, CommonBond, and College Ave Student Loans. The terms and rates can widely vary. Some lend to parents and some lend to students, who will likely need a parent cosigner. "Parents should be shopping around for more than just the interest rate when it comes to private loans," Chany said. And borrowers rarely qualify for the lowest rate advertised by a lender, they said. Ask these questions before borrowing a private loan: 1. What's the interest rate and is it fixed or variable? 2. Are there other fees? (PLUS loans have a 4.3 percent origination fee.) 3. When do you have to start paying the loan back? 4. Are flexible repayment plans offered if you experience financial hardship? 5. Is the loan discharged in the case of death or disability? It might take longer for the money to come in from a private lender than the federal program. If you're running up against the deadline, be sure to call the college's financial aid office two weeks beforehand to make sure everything is in order. The school could block a student from registering for classes or moving into the dorm if the money isn't there yet, Chany said. Written by Katie Lobosco for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
An earthquake measuring 6.1 magnitude struck in the ocean off the southeast of the Philippines on Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
There were no immediate reports of damage.
The quake struck 236 km (146 miles) east southeast of General Santos on the southern island of Mindanao.
Hundreds of residents of coastal areas in a province south of the capital fled to higher ground fearing a tsunami on Saturday after a series of earthquakes on the main island of Luzon.
(Reporting by Nick Macfie)
Zombies to Invade Fort Scott
Fort Scott, Kan.—
"They're coming to get you, Fort Scott!"
A horde of human-hungry zombies will overtake the stage in the Ellis Family Fine Arts Center at Fort Scott Community College as the FSCC theater department presents "George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead Live" at 7:30 p.m. April 26-28. Admission is free (but donations are always appreciated).
"This is a humorous homage to the original apocalyptic zombie film from 1968, 'Night of the Living Dead,'" said Allen Twitchell, director, "replete with alternate endings, a musical number and a tip of the cap to Michael Jackson."
The play – written by Christopher Bond, Dale Boyer and Trevor Martin and created by Christopher Harrison and Phil Pattison – is produced by special arrangement with Samuel French Inc.
The FSCC cast features Royce White as Ben, Paulette Hays as Barbra, Cale Maher as Johnny, Samuel Jamison as Harry, Jackie Neher as Helen, J.P. Harrison as Tom, Payton Boswell as Judy, Jared Oshel as Chief McClelland and Jesse Cooke as Vince with a zombie ensemble of Katelynn Coe, Ty Covey, Erin Deatsch, Ka'Si Gates, Kira Harwood, Savannah Kratzberg, Kartis Leal, Ashley Lockwood, Katie Palmer and Baylee Whitmore.
The stage manager is Abby Cooke with technical assistance provided by Hannah Casner.
FSCC graduate Stephanie Rice is designing the makeup for the production.
The play begins with a "special" dance number choreographed by Kim Schwab, a former member of the Radio City Music Hall Rockettes, assisted by their daughter, Abbey.
"We are 'thrilled' that Kim agreed to create an exciting dance routine to kick-start the show," Twitchell said. "It is a unique opportunity for our students to work with a former professional dancer and choreographer of Kim's caliber."
Assisting with the vocal number included in the play is Seth Ernst, FSCC's director of vocal and instrumental music.
"Selecting this show as our spring main-stage production is especially apropos this year, which marks the 50th anniversary of the original film's release," Twitchell said. "We do caution parents there is some mild profanity and a few scenes suggestive of 'violence.' But, I can (almost) guarantee that no zombies or humans will be harmed in the making – or watching – of this play."
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)It is necessary to involve North Korea in a dialogue as the pressure on Pyongyang should not be considered as the only way to resolve the crisis on the Korean peninsula, according to Muneo Suzuki, the head of the New Party Daichi, known as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's unofficial adviser on relations with Russia.
“I believe that pressure should not remain the only tool of interaction. At the same time we must try to involve North Koreans in a dialogue on the international arena. One should express wisdom, find a right approach – that will not be easy but it does not mean that one should sit idle,” Suzuki told the Izvestia newspaper.
They also pointed out the important role of the United States and China in solving the North Korean nuclear issue.
The statement was made amid escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula with South Korean and US military having reported on April 16, that they had registered what they believed to be a failed missile test by Pyongyang.
On April 14, US media reported that US President Donald Trump might order a strike against North Korea if Pyongyang decided to carry out another nuclear weapon test.
In response, the general staff of the North Korean armed forces threatened to launch a strike against US military bases in Japan and South Korea, as well as the presidential residence in Seoul in case of US aggression.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as investigators looked for possible links to other package bombings elsewhere in the city this month. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as investigators looked for possible links to other package bombings elsewhere in the city this month. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
NEW YORK (AP) - In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. They said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," they said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," they said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something - a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint - that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when they sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after their brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it - not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that they have holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," they said, "that can be a strong contributor to theirs doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
February 15, 2017
by The Canadian Press
WATERLOO, Ont.—A Waterloo, Ont.-based company which specializes in software and hardware for electronic payment systems, is being sold to a U.S. firm.
Deluxe Corp. of Minnesota says it is purchasing RDM Corp. through a wholly owned subsidiary for approximately US$70 million in cash.
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approvals from the courts, regulatory bodies and RDM shareholders.
RDM Corp., founded in 1987, provides remote deposit capture software and digital imaging systems for financial institutions and corporate clients. RDM's primarily does business in the United States.
The RDM board has unanimously approved the acquisition and will recommend shareholders vote in favour of the deal.
Deluxe Corp., which expects the transaction to close by the end of March, has provided products and services to financial institutions and small businesses fore more than 100 years.
“The board of directors unanimously agreed that this transaction provides an attractive opportunity for the company's shareholders,” said RDM chairperson Jean Noelting.
NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks are higher Tuesday morning as investors applaud strong first-quarter results from companies including machinery maker Caterpillar, appliance maker Whirlpool and Fifth Third Bancorp. Smaller companies made big gains in an optimistic sign for the U.S. economy. Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years. Alphabet, Google's parent company, slid after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,675 as of 9:55 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 43 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,492. The Nasdaq composite added 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,141. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks rose 8 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,570.
MACHINE POWER: Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year. It also said prices rose and its stock jumped 3.3 percent to $159. Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5 percent to $157.80. Aircraft maker United Technologies rallied 1.5 percent to $125.29 after its report and competitor Boeing gained 1.7 percent to $344.59. Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies picked up 2.4 percent to $90.15.
MISPRINT: Alphabet slid 2.6 percent to $1,045.78 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change.
Drugmaker Biogen reported weaker sales than analysts expected and its stock gave up 2.3 percent to $253.34 while scientific equipment maker Waters said sales to industrial customers decreased. The stock plunged 7.9 percent to $193.
BONDS: Bond prices kept slipping. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3 percent before it slipped to 2.99 percent. It finished at 2.98 percent on Monday.
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, and it's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation. It hadn't reached 3 percent since early January of 2014.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up and the Fed raised interest rates. With the Fed no longer buying bonds and investors expecting greater inflation, analysts say higher yields could make bonds more attractive.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.13 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2230 from $1.2205.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 19 cents to $68.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 7 cents to $74.78 per barrel in London.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX lost 0.3 percent while the French CAC 40 dipped 0.2 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Thinus Delport witnessed first-hand Johan Ackermann's huge desire to be the best and is backing Gloucester's new head coach to bring the glory days back to Kingsholm.
Delport, a popular full-back and wing for Gloucester between 2002 and 2004, played with giant lock Ackermann at the Golden Lions, the Cats – the Super Rugby side now known as the Lions – and South Africa in the late 90s and early noughties.
Ackermann joined up with the Cherry and Whites full-time last week after a successful five-year spell in charge of the Lions in South Africa and Delport believes the same qualities they had as a player have made them one of the most highly-rated coaches in the world.
“As a player they were one of those guys you wanted to play with rather than against,” said Delport.
“He was a huge asset for the team in terms of the physicality they brought and they were also one of the most conditioned guys in the team.
“When we did our fitness testing and ran the bleep test, us backs couldn't keep up with him!
“He was a hard worker with a nice little dry sense of humour so there will be a couple of funny moments with them around.
“He was always very good in terms of team spirit and one of the characters in the dressing room.
“He's certainly taking most of that playing ethos into coaching in terms of hard work and working on culture and team spirit into the training environment they create.”
Delport has met with Ackermann since they were handed the Gloucester job and thinks the players will enjoy working under him.
“He's very excited about the challenge at Gloucester in terms of being involved at Gloucester they want to further develop as a coach and gain the necessary experience at Gloucester in the Premiership,” said Delport.
“He did fantastically well at the Lions, taking over after relegation and making them Super Rugby finalists against all odds.
“He created a fantastic environment and you could see the reaction of the players after the final and leading up to the final what they were saying about them the great atmosphere they created so hopefully they can bring that culture and instil that within Gloucester in terms of giving the lads confidence and ownership to play the brand of rugby they decide to play.”
Gloucester have not reached the Premiership title play-offs since coming third in the 2010-11 season and have finished outside the top six for the last four seasons.
Delport knows all about the pressure of trying to match high expectations at Kingsholm and thinks Ackermann can replicate the job they did of turning the Lions around to bring the good times back to Kingsholm if the fans stick with him.
“He can certainly achieve very similar and for me it's whether everyone involved – the stakeholders and the supporters – have the patience to give them and the team time to change it around,” said Delport, who helped Gloucester top the league and win the Powergen Cup in 2003.
“With the Lions they changed the team and players around and seven or eight of them are now starting Springboks because they created an atmosphere for them to develop and they bought into the way they wanted to play.
“He will need to be shown support and patience to allow them to put down their brand on Gloucester in terms of game plan and culture and allow them to grow as a team and unit.
“With the right time and support they could be the difference to getting Gloucester to where we can know they can be.
“I think it's possible they will get into the top four hopefully by the end of year three.”
Gloucester is desperate to get back into the Champions Cup after a four-year absence but Delport insists it would not be disastrous if they didn't achieve it in Ackermann's first season.
“I don't think it has to happen,” they said. “As supporters, they want to see Gloucester in the top six now.
“He has to get the coaching structures in place and they came in relatively late, and in terms of recruitment it's a squad they don't have much input into so it depends on how quickly the coaches can formulate the new environment and culture.
“The first year will be about understanding the demands of the Premiership so it will be a big adjustment on both sides.
“Top six would be fantastic and if they buy into the new culture and way of playing they can build on that.”
Chicago White Sox's Adam Engel follows through on a two-RBI base hit against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Scottsdale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Matt York)
Chicago White Sox's Adam Engel follows through on a two-RBI base hit against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Scottsdale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Matt York)
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke will start this season in the dugout.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Monday that Greinke won't pitch on opening day because of what's perceived to be a minor health issue.
Greinke exited their latest start after one inning because of tightness in their groin. He's scheduled to pitch again in spring training Wednesday.
The Diamondbacks don't want to push them to be ready for their first game March 29 at home against Colorado. Without this wrinkle, Lovullo said Greinke would've started the opener for the third straight year.
"Every staff has a No. 1 and they fit the bill perfectly," Lovullo said. "He won 17 games last year. They were our staff ace."
Lovullo said they aren't ready to say who would start against the Rockies. The likely candidate is Robbie Ray, who went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA last year.
"There's a strategy," Lovullo said. "We don't just look at opening day. We look at opening day and then beyond, so probably five or six days beyond that day. And we want to make sure that we hit things just right to get it to the point where we have good matchups all the way through."
ELSEWHERE AROUND THE GRAPEFRUIT AND CACTUS LEAGUES
RED SOX 6, PHILLIES 5
Boston ace Chris Sale gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They also struck out six. Mookie Betts hit two doubles and Xavier Bogaerts homered for the Red Sox. Aaron Altherr homered for Philadelphia.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from their teammates after their Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit their third spring training home run in their bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents in a Gloucester suburb woke up this morning to find a fleet of police vans and cars pulling up outside several addresses.
Neighbours of three addresses reported seeing officers arrive in about a dozen vehicles in the Matson area of the city this morning.
Two of the addresses were at two apartment blocks next to each other in Norbury Avenue while a third was in Matson Avenue.
All were raided as part of a drugs sting which involved unknown quantities of Class A drugs.
Neighbours in Summer Meadow in Norbury Avenue were peering out their window to witness the commotion.
They said they'd seen armed officers and dog units among the plain clothes officers at the addresses, which included Summer Meadow and Manor Court.
(Image: Ed Stilliard)
“One man was shouting ‘it's OK I've just breached my bail conditions',” they said. But they could see more officers in the back garden of the next door block of flats.
Plain clothes officers were at the scene throughout the morning while forensics team arrived later.
Another woman who slept through the noise said they opened the curtains to see the vehicles outside their house.
One resident said: “I saw them pull out the vans and they ran in there. I saw they were carrying a battering ram.”
They added: “It's normally quite quiet around here. The last time we had something happen was a couple of years ago and that was for drugs. But normally it's quiet around here.”
Meanwhile in Matson Avenue another property was raided in full view of the parade of shops.
(Image: Ed Stilliard)
Residents were watching as the raid took place at that address in an apartment block opposite Munsley Grove.
One shopkeeper in Matson Avenue who didn't want to be named said: “That's the first time I've seen police down here in a while.”
A spokesperson from Gloucestershire Constabulary said: “Two people were arrested this morning, Friday 2 February, after police executed warrants at three addresses in the Matson area of Gloucester.
“A 37-year-old man and a 30-year-old woman were arrested this morning in relation to drugs offences.
“They are currently in custody. The man was also arrested in breach of bail conditions.
“During searches of the properties officers recovered a quantity of drugs believed to be Class A.”
Detective Inspector Wayne Usher said: “There was a heavy police presence in the area this morning as officers executed these warrants and I would like to thank members of the public for their patience and understanding.”
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for their offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for their offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE L. PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released video Wednesday from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd,
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesperson, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokesperson Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where they broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Lombardo has warned that releasing the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed themselves before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
____
Associated Press journalist Brian Skoloff in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The company has also launched the hashtag #NakedIsNormal in posts showing off their upcoming cover which features 25-year-old model Elizabeth Elam, topless, barely covered by the same phrase.
The issue also advertises articles on the “Free the Nipple,” movement to decriminalize women being topless in public, an interview with CNN contributor Van Jones, and ‘Cannabis: A User's Guide.'
“Not only am I excited and honored to be on the cover of an iconic magazine that has historically encouraged the dialogue of important social issues while standing on the right side of history; I'm so excited to be on the cover of this specific issue! If you know me you know I have always been team #freethenipple,” Elam wrote in an Instagram post about the issue. “Women's bodies have always been a topic of conversation. We can be over sexualized and we can be made to feel ashamed of our bodies. I've never subscribed to those narratives and this issue of Playboy celebrates that. Naked really is normal.”
Last year's January-February issue, featuring 49-year-old Pamela Anderson, was said to be the final issue to contain nudity due to changes made by Playboy Enterprises CEO Scott Flanders — who then left the company in May to run eHealth insurance.
“Playboy has been a friend to nudity, and nudity has been a friend to Playboy, for decades. The short answer is: times change,” an October, 2015, statement about the end to their nudity had stated.
Not everyone agreed with their decision it seems, and on Monday, Monday, Playboy's Chief Creative Officer, Hugh Hefner's son Cooper Hefner, announced that removing the nudes was a mistake.
— Cooper Hefner (@cooperhefner) February 13, 2017
"I'll be the first to admit that the way in which the magazine portrayed nudity was dated, but removing it entirely was a mistake," Cooper explained. "Nudity was never the problem because nudity isn't a problem. Today we're taking our identity back and reclaiming who we are."
How to dress like the French is the subject of many fashion magazine articles, Google searches and -- for a lot of foreigners in France -- hand-wringing, as they find themselves living alongside people who are lauded worldwide for their enviable sense of style.
Everyone has an idea of what French style is -- whether it's Brigitte Bardot in a Breton-striped top, an old Frenchman playing a sun-soaked game of petanque in a beret or the impossibly slim Parisian woman dressed head-to-toe in black.
To many, one thing is for sure -- whatever the French are doing, they're doing it dressed stylishly.
French women are praised for their ability to be chic at all hours of the day without spending hours and hours getting ready.
And British and American women are often compared unfavourably for wearing too much make-up and trying desperately to keep up with the very latest trends -- even if they're not suited to them.
Of course, some ideas about how the French dress are a little outdated -- and exaggerated -- to say the least.
And for most foreigners who come to live in France, it's not quite the shock to the system that they might have been expecting if they'd believed all the hype.
Nevertheless, just as many foreigners who make their lives here are likely to adopt French eating and drinking habits , there are some whose appearance will become more French the longer they're here.
Caitlin Pawlowski, 33, originally from South Carolina in the US, lives in Clermont-Ferrand in central France and says they have noticed a gradual shift in their appearance since they moved here three and a half years ago.
"We tend to wear bright colours and dresses because the weather is so warm [in South Carolina]," they tell The Local.
"But I've always had a style that has tended to more neutral colours and classic pieces and so I fit in in France," they say.
This comment on the lack of colour worn by the French will come as no surprise to any regular users of the Paris Metro, for example, where you'll be greeted by a sea of grey, black and, for the more adventurous residents of the French capital -- brown. This is a sharp contrast to London, where a lot of people wear bright colours and prints without any qualms and pride themselves on having an adventurous dress sense.
But it's not just their clothes that have changed, says Pawlowski, adding that since moving here she's also been wearing less makeup -- something else people frequently associate with French women's capability to look effortlessly glamorous.
They also said that in France they believe there is generally a higher standard of style. For example, you can't get away with throwing on some jogging bottoms and a sweatshirt even if you're just going to the supermarket or to pick up the kids from school.
In fact, foreign women frequently comment on how stylishly French mothers are attired -- even when they're picking up their kids at school.
And it's not just women who are affected by the different style in France -- men also find themselves adapting, with Pawlowski saying that their husband's jeans have gotten "progressively skinnier since moving here".
In fact, many readers contacted us to tell us how they had been influenced by French style, saying that they'd added typically French touches such as a big scarf or foulard to their look, as well as stocking up on Breton tops and lots of black items.
"I have acquired more Breton tops than is strictly necessary and I do tend to turn up the bottom of my jeans à la française," says Chris Balchin from the UK. Meanwhile, American Lynda Fory Stevens says: "No béret...quelle horreur! But black, lots of black and don't forget the mandatory scarf....but I've been here forever....It's when I go back to the US that I feel different!"
'Make cheap clothes look expensive...'
So, where does this ability to and reputation for dressing well come from?
Well, Australian journalist Annette Young, told us they had good training in how to dress for life in France from their French mother.
"Having a French mother (not easy growing up in Australian suburbia, let me tell you!!) meant I already had a fair share of striped t-shirts in my cupboard before moving to Paris," Young, a presenter at France 24 in Paris, tells The Local.
"But now I have at least four times the number. Not to mention, a decent trench coat and a vast collection of scarves for all seasons."
Young also joked that they now have a "master's degree in scarf-tying" and a "variety of overcoats for all temperatures".
"As my late Parisian mother would tell me, always make sure you have lipstick on and 'may you always be a woman who makes cheap clothes look expensive and not the other way around'."
La Parisienne on a pedestal
What drives foreigners to adapt how they dress is another question. Is it pressure from society as a whole? Or rather foreigners feeling that they want to fit in with their new surroundings?
"There isn't societal pressure so much as there is contrived norms as established by the media that I had been exposed to," Lindsey Tramuta who has lived in Paris for 11 years and runs the Lost in Cheeseland website, tells The Local, adding that years of messaging in fashion and women's magazines "put the Parisian woman and their supposedly innate sense of style and good taste on a pedestal".
To back up Tramuta's point, a quick Google search of "how to dress like..." is followed by the words"a Parisian" as the top suggestion followed by "... a French woman" and "a French man".
They say that while they previously thought they were well dressed, put together and had a sense for colors and prints -- in Paris, I was suddenly hyper aware of how much of an outlier I was and that, I think, was purely when I was juxtaposed with an entirely different sense of style."
"I was heavily influenced by local style, fashions, trends, and quickly felt overwhelmed by a feeling of urgency to adapt to it as closely as I could," they say.
"It took me a long time to stop trying to adapt and to embrace what made me feel comfortable and made me feel like ME, not a version of myself. Rather than trying to adopt the same styles or brands, I learned to listen to myself," they say.
READ ALSO:
Photo: Jorge Royan/Flickr
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The inquest jury investigating the death of dad-of-six Mark Kentish after they had been arrested by police in the Wye Valley two years ago has started considering its verdict today.
On the seventh day of the inquest into the death of the Solihull plasterer on June 22 2016, assistant Gloucestershire coroner Caroline Saunders summed up the evidence heard over the last seven days.
They reminded the jury that Mr Kentish, 55, had left their home in Hockley Road, Solihull and driven to their father's house in English Bicknor in the Forest of Dean - a trip they regularly made.
The plastering consultant had been drinking white wine and was in a good mood, the inquest heard.
They then visited a cousin - Steven Matthews - and found out Mr Matthews had gone for a drink in the New Inn in Shortstanding. Mr Kentish went to the New Inn and carried on drinking.
They drank around six pints of cider and bought lots of rounds of Sambuca for drinkers at the New Inn.
They were being loud and boisterous and their behaviour was "irritating but not aggressive."
"He was not classically drunk," said the assistant coroner.
"He acted unpredictably, strange behaviour like biting their hands," they added.
Mr Kentish left the pub at around 10.30pm. They were seen driving their Range Rover along Ross Road by a dog walker and they were heard having an animated conversation on their mobile telephone.
They then drove to the Stowfield Business Park.
"It is unclear whether this was intentional - there was no reason for them to go there," said Ms Saunders.
They drove down a lane to Stowfield business park where a security guard - Peter Whiteside - and a gatekeeper Carl Warren approached Mr Kentish who had got out of their car and was pulling at a fence surrounding an electricity sub-station.
Ms Saunders told the jury it was up to them to decide whether it was important that Mr Warren had undergone Security Industry Association training and accreditation.
Mr Whiteside and Mr Warren's evidence were not consistent with each other and the assistant coroner asked the jury to consider whether that was significant or simply because the death happened two years ago and that lighting was poor on the night.
When Mr Warren approached Mr Kentish they started prodding their face and punched them at which point Mr Kentish was taken down to the floor.
Ms Saunders asked the jury to consider how Mr Kentish ended up on the floor. They also had an eye injury to their right hand side of theirs face.
The assistant coroner told the jury they had to reach a conclusion not based on "a hunch" but to concentrate on the facts.
The inquest earlier heard Mr Whiteside had called their boss Paul Francis while they and Mr Warren were restraining Mr Kentish.
"He does not remember making the call but accepts they must have done," said Ms Saunders.
Police were also called and Mr Kentish was handcuffed, the inquest heard.
They were conscious and breathing, the inquest heard and an ambulance was called. When the ambulance crew arrived police were already carrying out CPR to a high standard and the assistant coroner made a point of saying police had acted properly throughout the ordeal.
Mr Kentish's condition deteriorated, and they were pronounced dead at 12.13am.
Ms Saunders went through the findings of two post mortems carried out on Mr Kentish.
"Mr Kentish was an obese man with a BMI of 32.8," they said.
The inquest also heard they had "extremely low" levels of cocaine in their bloodstream as well as high alcohol levels which can have an impact on heart function.
The inquest heard Mr Kentish's heart was already "in jeopardy" and the jury had to decide whether the drugs, alcohol and restraint - or struggle against restraint - all combined to lead to the death of Mr Kentish.
A verdict is now awaited from the jury of six men and five women.
They were considered the "King of Cool". Hollywood legend Steve McQueen's life was cut short from a deadly disease. Mesothelioma is cancer caused by exposure to Asbestos. Now their wife has joined the fight for a ban on it.
Barbi McQueen describes the day, they and Steve had a serious heart to heart about their future. "One day they went off to be alone, I found him, and they looked at me and asked, what do you want to do. Do you want to blow it and go have some fun, or do you want to fight it? Me being a young bride and in love, I said let's face it, yes, we're going to fight it".
But staying positive through countless doctor visits wasn't enough. In the end, the ultimate Hollywood tough guy was gone.
When and where Steve was exposed to Asbestos isn't precisely known, even though Barbi believes they may have got it as a young man in the service. "He had to scrape the hull of a submarine, and that's all Asbestos, breathing all that Asbestos, and it didn't appear until they were in their late forties."
Although Asbestos is no longer mined in the United States, American industry still legally imports, uses and sells both raw Asbestos and products made with it.
Fast forward to 2011, when Barbi was convinced to share their story with a woman named Linda Reinstein. Reinstein's, whose husband Alan also died from Mesothelioma, co-founded the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization. "What happens with Asbestos issues, sometimes people don't put this at the top of their list of concerns, but when a celebrity shares their story, Barbi and Steve McQueen, the king of cool, it makes people listen more intensely."
When asked what they hoped people would take away from their story, Barbi replied, "I would like to see their name for helping people to rid the country of this horrible disease."
May we all learn from something Steve McQueen said. "When I believe in something, I fight like hell for it."
SHOREACRES, Texas - The Houston Yacht Club in Shoreacres is dealing with a smelly problem.
Millions of tiny fish have wound up dead there. Experts say the heat is depleting nutrients and oxygen the fish need, so they're dying.
This happens every year, but this year seems to be one of the worst. The “fish kill” started Monday and should clear up in a few days.
© 2018 KHOU
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS- There's no getting around it, things in Dallas are getting busier by the day. For small businesses like Wild About Harry's, this might actually be bad news.
"We want to be part of the walking traffic neighborhood," said owner Sydney Berglund. "But, that might be the reason we close...is because there's too much traffic."
When Sydney's dad started Wild About Harry's 22 years ago, no one had an issue.
They opened up and started serving delicious hot dogs and frozen custard. Things were great!
But now, they've been given a notice to vacate by May 15, and Sydney says it's all because of parking spots.
"I didn't know about the codes and that parking was a problem," they said.
Apparently, there was a long-standing city code that says a restaurant like Wild About Harry's needs to pay to have a certain number of parking spots.
But, now that it's just been brought to Sydney's attention, there aren't even enough spots left in the area to buy.
"It's sad to see my father's legacy be gone," Sydney said. "He worked really hard to make this street a good place to be, and I don't know if it's going to be that way much longer."
The Wild About Harry's location in Deep Ellum will still be open for business.
April 12 CME Group Inc
* CME Group intends to close CME Europe and CME clearing Europe by year-end
* CME Group - will work closely with all market participants and regulators to ensure smooth transition and an orderly wind down of business operations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
At 08:36 am today, Annapolis City and Anne Arundel County Fire Department units responded to the 7300 block of Edgewood Road for a reported unconscious person laying in the bottom of a sailing vessel.
On scene safety precautions were taken due to the nature of the incident. Air quality aboard the vessel was monitored by the hazmat team prior to entry, to ensure the safety of Fire and EMS crews
The patient was an approximately 40-50 year old male found laying in the bottom of the vessel with ineffective breathing.The patient was working on the vessel at the time of the incident, it is unknown as to what caused the patient to lose consciousness.
Paramedics were able to safely gain access to and stabilize the patient aboard the vessel until a rescue system was constructed. Due to the location of the vessel and location of the patient within the vessel, a technical rescue system was needed. Fire and EMS crews constructed a rescue system utilizing ropes, and pulley systems along with the the ladder truck to safely haul the patient out of the vessel and onto the stretcher.
The patient was transported to the local medical center in stable condition. There were no reported injuries to civilians or fire department personnel.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Over the years, numerous "Evergreen" readers have written to us recalling their first jobs and amusing experiences in the world of work. The satisfaction of receiving your first wage packet marks one of those key moments in life when you feel as if you are finally making your own way and "earning a living". How did your working life begin? For many people a Saturday job was their introduction to employment. It was a rite of passage that gave you extra pocket money and independence while still at school and helped boost your confidence and experience. A recent survey has revealed, though, that Saturday jobs undertaken by teenagers aged 13 to 15 are in marked decline and have fallen by a fifth in the last five years.
In my day a paper round, waiting on tables or working in a shop were among the most popular part-time occupations for teenagers. Saturdays and school holidays provided my generation with the opportunity to enter the workplace. From the age of 15 I spent my Saturdays working in a shop selling china, cookware and gifts. It was a wonderful family-run business and it taught me a lot. Assisting and serving customers, unpacking stock, gift-wrapping purchases, making tea and coffee for the permanent staff, and helping to clean and tidy the shop were all part of my duties, for which I was paid £15 a day. It wasn't arduous, but it was busy and under the owner's ever-watchful gaze there was definitely no shirking. For me the greatest rewards were the different experiences it provided and the chance to prove my capabilities outside school.
Serving customers and giving change meant that my mental arithmetic and confidence improved no end. One of the most perilous undertakings was retrieving an item for a customer, which was on display in the shop window. You had to climb some rickety steps (Health and Safety blissfully passed us by back then!) and, having removed your shoes, tiptoe along a polished wooden surface, carefully navigating the bone china and other delicate goods as you attempted to reach your quarry, which was usually in the most distant corner of the display. The window ran virtually the entire length of the shop, and passers-by would peer in, waiting to see if you would slip and come crashing down, demolishing the elaborate display with spectacular effect. I nearly did on several occasions, but thankfully regained my balance in time. I loved working in the shop and continued as a Saturday girl there for three years until I left school.
Since then, of course, the working environment has changed dramatically, which in some ways explains the demise of the Saturday job. The growth of online retailing is a major factor as are stringent employment laws and fewer part-time vacancies. However, students are also said to be devoting more time to their studies because of the increasing pressure to achieve good results. While a dedicated approach to studying is commendable, it is a shame that youngsters are missing out on the chance to experience the workplace and acquire essential skills that will benefit them later in life.
In my mind the real value of Saturday jobs lies not just in offering students the potential to earn, but to learn. They help instil responsibility, reliability, efficiency, teamwork and initiative. Such employment opportunities enable teenagers to develop as individuals, prepare for life beyond the classroom and gain valuable work experience. All these are attributes that any future employer will rate highly. But it's not just teenagers who should be encouraged to roll up their sleeves on Saturdays, government, businesses and education must play their part too. By working together on initiatives that introduce youngsters to the world of work - before they leave school - it will help create a British workforce that is fit for the future.
British chemical company Ineos has quite an ambitious plan to keep the Land Rover Defender alive. Well, at least spiritually. The firm wants to create a Defender-inspired “uncompromising, traditional 4x4” by the end of the decade – a model that will be distributed globally and priced at around £25,000 ($31,150).
In a recent interview to Autocar, Ineos director Tom Crotty confirmed the vehicle will stay true to the spirit of the classic Defender – it won't be a high-tech SUV, but a robust off-roader with a traditional chassis, not a monocoque, and, most likely, a diesel powertrain. Hybrid and fully-electric options are also being explored, but they could join the range at a later date.
“It will be extremely high quality and extremely reliable,” Crotty told Autocar. “We're looking at a range of options for powertrains. Hybrid technology could well be on the cards, especially because it would help with emission management, but we would want it to retain its off-road values. Pure EV is also a possibility, we're looking at everything and haven't closed anything off. I'd be very surprised if a diesel option wasn't part of that.”
Ineos estimates it will need at least three years to finish the development work on the new vehicle. As for its design, “it won't be a modern SUV, it will be much more like an old-style very rugged off-roader.”
Interestingly, Ineos has already informed Jaguar Land Rover of its plans and there is no conflict between the two companies. Crotty says the British automaker's response was “neutral.”
"There have been no great fallings out, just sensible conversation. We're not out to produce a copy, we're out to produce a new vehicle that is filling a space that the Defender used to fill.”
The last example of the legendary Defender was produced in January 2016, following more than two million units delivered worldwide in 68 years. Last summer, reports from the United Kingdom suggested chemical tycoon Jim Ratcliffe could restart the production of the Defender, but shortly after JLR officially denied the information, saying “there is no way this is happening.” A new generation of the vehicle is expected sometime next year.
Source: Autocar
DANDONG, China (Reuters) - Chinese textile firms are increasingly using North Korean factories to take advantage of cheaper labour across the border, traders and businesses in the border city of Dandong told Reuters.
The clothes made in North Korea are labelled "Made in China" and exported across the world, they said.
Using North Korea to produce cheap clothes for sale around the globe shows that for every door that is closed by ever-tightening U.N. sanctions another one may open. The UN sanctions, introduced to punish North Korea for its missile and nuclear programs, do not include any bans on textile exports.
"We take orders from all over the world," said one Korean-Chinese business person in Dandong, the Chinese border city where the majority of North Korea trade passes through. Like many people Reuters interviewed for this story, they spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Dozens of clothing agents operate in Dandong, acting as go-betweens for Chinese clothing suppliers and buyers from the United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Canada and Russia, the business person said.
"We will ask the Chinese suppliers who work with us if they plan on being open with their client -- sometimes the final buyer won't realise their clothes are being made in North Korea. It's extremely sensitive," they said.
Textiles were North Korea's second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totalling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA). Total exports from North Korea in 2016 rose 4.6 percent to $2.82 billion (2.17 billion pounds).
The latest U.N. sanctions, agreed earlier this month, have completely banned coal exports now.
Its flourishing textiles industry shows how impoverished North Korea has adapted, with a limited embrace of market reforms, to sanctions since 2006 when it first tested a nuclear device. The industry also shows the extent to which North Korea relies on China as an economic lifeline, even as U.S. President Donald Trump piles pressure on Beijing to do more to rein in its neighbour's weapons programmes.
Chinese exports to North Korea rose almost 30 percent to $1.67 billion in the first half of the year, largely driven by textile materials and other traditional labour-intensive goods not included on the United Nations embargo list, Chinese customs spokesperson Huang Songping told reporters.
Chinese suppliers send fabrics and other raw materials required for manufacturing clothing to North Korean factories across the border where garments are assembled and exported.
FACTORIES HUMMING
Australian sportswear brand Rip Curl publicly apologised last year when it was discovered that some of its ski gear, labelled "Made in China", had been made in one of North Korea's garment factories. Rip Curl blamed a rogue supplier for outsourcing to "an unauthorised subcontractor".
But traders and agents in Dandong say it's a widespread practice.
Manufacturers can save up to 75 percent by making their clothes in North Korea, said a Chinese trader who has lived in Pyongyang.
Some of the North Korean factories are located in Siniuju city just across the border from Dandong. Other factories are located outside Pyongyang. Finished clothing is often directly shipped from North Korea to Chinese ports before being sent onto the rest of the world, the Chinese traders and businesses said.
North Korea has about 15 large garment exporting enterprises, each operating several factories spread around the country, and dozens of medium sized companies, according to GPI Consultancy of the Netherlands, which helps foreign companies do business in North Korea.
All factories in North Korea are state-owned. And the textile ones appear to be humming, traders and agents say.
"We've been trying to get some of our clothes made in North Korea but the factories are fully booked at the moment," said a Korean-Chinese business person at a factory in Dalian, a Chinese port city two hours away from Dandong by train.
"North Korean workers can produce 30 percent more clothes each day than a Chinese worker," said the Korean-Chinese business person.
"In North Korea, factory workers can't just go to the toilet whenever they feel like, otherwise they think it slows down the whole assembly line."
"They aren't like Chinese factory workers who just work for the money. North Koreans have a different attitude -- they believe they are working for their country, for their leader."
And they are paid wages significantly below many other Asian countries. North Korean workers at the now shuttered Kaesong industrial zone just across the border from South Korea received wages ranging from a minimum of around $75 a month to an average of around $160, compared to average factory wages of $450-$750 a month in China. Kaesong was run jointly with South Korea and the wage structure - much higher than in the rest of North Korea - was negotiated with Seoul.
WORKERS IN CHINA
Chinese clothing manufacturers have been increasingly using North Korean textile factories even as they relocate their own factories offshore, including to Bangladesh, Vietnam and Cambodia.
"Wages are too high in China now. It's no wonder so many orders are being sent to North Korea," said a Korean-Chinese business person who works in the textiles industry in Dandong.
Chinese textile companies are also employing thousands of cheaper North Korean workers in China.
North Korea relies on overseas workers to earn hard currency, especially since U.N. sanctions have choked off some other sources of export earnings. Much of their wages are remitted back to the state and help fund Pyongyang's ambitious nuclear and missile programmes, the U.N. says.
The new U.N. sanctions imposed on North Korea this month ban countries from increasing the current numbers of North Korean labourers working abroad.
China does not disclose official figures for the number of North Koreans working in factories and restaurants in China, although numbers are down from a peak period two to three years ago, according to Cheng Xiaohe, a North Korea specialist at Beijing's Renmin University.
"It's a hassle to hire North Korean workers though," the Korean-Chinese business person from Dalian said. "You need to have the right set-up. Their living space has to be completely closed off, you have to provide a classroom where they can take classes every day. They bring their own doctor, nurse, cook and teachers who teach them North Korean ideology every day."
One clothing factory that Reuters visited in Dandong employs 40 North Korean workers. They fill smaller orders for clients who are more stringent about their supply chains and expressly request no production inside North Korea.
North Korean factory workers in China earn about 2,000 yuan ($300.25), about half of the average for Chinese workers, the factory owner said.
They are allowed to keep around a third of their wages, with the rest going to their North Korean government handlers, they said. A typical shift at the factory runs from 7:30 a.m. to around 10 p.m.
The workers - all women dressed in pink and black uniforms - sat close together behind four rows of sewing machines, working on a consignment of dark-coloured winter jackets. The Chinese characters for "clean" and "tidy" were emblazoned in bold blue lettering above their heads and the main factory floor was silent but for the tapping and whirring of sewing machines.
DEAD SEA — Shame culture, employment and technology were the main topics of discussion at the panel “Jordanian Youth: Challenges and Opportunities”, part of the “Jordan Agenda Conference 2018”, organised by the Centre for Strategic Studies (CSS) at the University of Jordan, at the Dead Sea on Friday.
“There's an evident shame culture in Jordan. The youth have adopted a snobbish attitude towards certain jobs and prefer outsiders to come do the work instead of them,” said panelist Shahm Al Wir, who is a lawyer and a business person.
Physician and youth advocate Sami Hourani echoed similar remarks and called for such an attitude to be “completely omitted”.
The experts discussed how youth can be educated according to market needs.
“We need to ensure that the youth are studying in the fields that equip them with the appropriate skills that can sustain their careers for the next 20 to 30 years,” said President of Karak's Innovation Club HusamTarawneh.
Wir brought forward an example of young people in crypto-currency, whom, they said, “no one took seriously at first but later became millionaires.”
“We should believe in the youth, and trust their ideas,” Wir told the panel.
This is where technology can come in and fill the gaps, added Hourani.
“Now youth across Jordan have access to all sorts of information with the Internet. They have tools like Google, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn at their disposal,” Tarawneh remarked.
Moath Abu Dalou, a lawyer and youth activist, sitting in the audience, objected to Tarawneh's remarks, saying: “Kids in Abdoun may know how to use the Internet to their benefit, but a young person in East Amman or in a village in Irbid or Karak will not know how to use the Internet beyond seeing what their friends are doing on Facebook.”
They also urged both panellists and participants to think about female youth while discussing youth issues.
“For some reason, when we speak about youth unemployment or youth issues in general, we tend to only focus on young men. The issue of youth should be inclusive to both genders,” Abu Dalou insisted.
Conference participant Randa Musharbash agreed with Abu Dalou and called for more female-oriented youth programmes.
“When you empower young girls, and make societal changes through them, they will go on to become mothers, and transfer their knowledge to the future generation. When women are elevated, the whole society is elevated,” Musharbash told The Jordan Times.
Several changes were proposed to increase employment opportunities for youth all over Jordan, especially in the inner-cities.
“If we have a vision, we can take them to the different governorates, sit with the youth, listen to their needs and negotiate with them but we must follow through with appropriate action and implementation,” said Haifa Najjar, Parliament member and superintendent of the Ahliyyah School for Girls.
CSS Director Musa Shteiwi said that the youth unemployment issue can be solved through the coordination between the public and private sectors.
“We have seen many jobs being created for Syrian refugees when the public and private sectors came together. If we were able to create jobs for the Syrians, why can we not do the same for Jordanians?” said Shteiwi.
In order for youth to rise, Hourani said a strong foundation for their growth and improvement is necessary.
“We have an issue with our transportation facilities; we have an issue with the quality of education and another with the quantity and quality of healthcare, and you cannot go to the next step, improving employability or the wellbeing of young people when you still haven't solved your infrastructural issues,” Hourani concluded.
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
injured Sixers guard Markelle Fultz tosses the basketball during the half-time warmups against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday, February 9, 2018 in Philadelphia. YONG KIM / Staff Photographer
Keith Pompey talks about why the 76ers might be apprehensive about bringing Markelle Fultz back this late in the season. They also say the Sixers should secure an Eastern Conference Top 4 playoff seed based on their easy record. However, Pompey acknowledges that they must play better against struggling teams.
Follow and contact 76ers beat writer Keith Pompey on Twitter and on Instagram at PompeyOnSixers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Axius hub seamlessly connects to your router to manage and secure all of your internet-connected devices.
This allows us to proactively update and fix issues with any of your devices, and provides us with the secure information needed to troubleshoot any issues you experience with your Smart Home
BOOKED: Jessica Schnekel of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court case for DUI, open container, driving while suspended, and failure to maintain roadway, bond set in lieu of $1,000 C/S.
BOOKED: Gwen Finnigan of Great Bend for Barton County District Court warrant for forgery x2, theft by deception x2, bond set in lieu of $10,000.
BOOKED: David Roach of Ellinwood on Barton County District Court warrant for unlawful possession of controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, unlawful possession of controlled substance, bond set at $50,000 C/S.
BOOKED: Jennifer A. Hernandez on Barton County District Court case for serve sentence.
BOOKED: Deanna Lynn Coughlin on Barton County District warrant for bond in lieu of $1,000 C/S.
RELEASED: Jessica Schenkel on Great Bend Municipal Court case with a $1,000 surety bond through Ace Bail Bonding.
RELEASED: Lori N. Fiscus on Barton County District Court case with a serve sentence.
RELEASED: Candace J. Jones received order of release on Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for contempt of court per GBMC.
RELEASED: Deanna Lynn Coughlin on Barton County District Court warrant after posting a $1,000 surety bond through Ace Bail Bonding.
Republican Gov. Phil Scott reportedly has directed staff and administrative personnel to avoid fraternizing after hours with legislators and lobbyists, but some observers say the directive is unrealistic in tiny Montpelier.
According to a Vermont Press Bureau news report, chief of staff Jason Gibbs said they and Scott began talking about the “informal directive” before the January inauguration.
The governor is especially concerned about socializing in Montpelier's bars and restaurants by staff members, administrators, lawmakers and lobbyists.
Many states, such as Connecticut, Illinois, New Jersey and Tennessee, to name a few, have codes of conduct for state employees and officials to follow regarding lobbyists, as do the federal government and the armed forces.
But how realistic is Scott's directive, issued last week, given the long tradition of lawmakers, lobbyists and state officials rubbing — and bending — elbows together after hours?
Everybody knows you
When it comes to partisans intermingling socially, Montpelier's chummy bar and restaurant scene is not unlike the fictional TV tavern Cheers, the quintessential New England bar “where everybody knows your name.”
According to former state Rep. Betty Nuovo, D-Middlebury, the state capital is just another small Vermont town where, sooner or later, you'll meet all kinds of folks, from legislators and citizen activists to lobbyists and reporters.
Nuovo, the recipient of numerous accolades for their public service over the years, spent three decades in the House until they retired in 2016. The ex-lawmaker told Watchdog that they believe the new governor is being unrealistic about the fraternizing rule.
“There are only so many restaurants in Montpelier. Sometimes you'll say a mere ‘hello, how are you?' It's really a small town. You simply can't miss running into people. There's no other place to go to, so you're going to see these people,” Nuovo said.
However, unlike Nuovo's negative reaction to the directive, registered lobbyist Annette Smith of Vermonters for a Clean Environment says Scott's new charge is just what the doctor ordered, especially after years of stories about the the Shumlin administration's cozy relationships with fellow Democratic legislators and lobbyists.
“I think it's a very good thing,” Smith said. “You should have seen the fraternizing that went on in the Montpelier bar scene during the Shumlin administration. All you had to do was check out the Three Penny Tap Room on Main Street after hours.”
Smith, a prominent environmental activist, was named Vermonter of the Year by the Burlington Free Press in January. They believe that they were shunned during the Shumlin years, thanks in part to after-hours pub gossiping among legislators and officials. As a result, their access to key lawmakers and members of the administration was diminished at the time, they said.
“There was a campaign to discredit me,” Smith told Watchdog. “This is what goes on outside the Capitol building, in the local bars. They all have access and it can be extremely damaging to people like me. I think it's unhealthy. … I think it's wise to rein in this (behavior).”
Scott vs. Shumlin
By population, Montpelier is ranked as the smallest state capital in the country, so it's not unusual for state officials, lobbyists and journalists to be seen having a beer together in a local tavern or talking about pending legislation over lunch and supper.
So Scott's approach to tamping down on socializing past closing time appears very button-down.
For example, in 2012, Shumlin granted the request of a pharmaceutical industry official to be seated next to them at a dinner party for ready access.
“Over the years, we attended many parties on the Capitol Plaza, hosted by various political organizations, and even the governor would attend. You got to know everybody,” said Nuovo, who served as a representative during the entire Shumlin administration.
According to Mary Alice Proffitt, owner of the popular Down Home Kitchen Restaurant in downtown Montpelier, such political fraternizing is their bread-and-butter.
“Gov. Scott is one of the few people who, at the Capitol and as far as I know, has never been to my restaurant,” Proffit told Watchdog. “So, my guess is that it's relatively easy for them to make this statement, which may look good in the eyes of voters across the state, because they personally aren't making much of a sacrifice in changing their own social habits.”
Proffit noted that many local businesses thrive on Capitol folks getting together after hours.
“For the rest of us folks, socializing before and after work is, I believe, one of the main reasons everyone appears to talk to each other pretty well in Montpelier,” they said. “I think if D.C.'s Republicans and Democrats ate pancakes, drank beer and played pool together as well as we Vermonters do, they might get something useful passed in Congress without always acting like such toddlers.”
Vermont Watchdog contacted Rebecca Kelley, the governor's communications director, for details about the “no fraternization” directive. They did not return our inquiry. When contacted by Watchdog, Paul Burns, executive director of the Vermont Public Interest Research Group, the state's largest lobbying organization, said their organization had “no comment” to make about the governor's directive.
Top 10 lobbying groups and lobbying expenditures in Vermont (2015):
By: Cody Boteler, Editor-in-Chief
When you pay your bill to attend Towson University, you're not just spending money on tuition. If you live on campus, you're also paying for housing and a meal plan. Maybe you're paying for a parking permit. You're definitely paying a student government fee, a technology fee, an auxiliary services fee, and another that you might never make direct use of. The athletics fee.
Every full-time, in-state, undergraduate student in the Spring 2017 semester paid $851 for Auxiliary Services, $93 for Technology, $45 for the Student Government and $435 for Athletics. Fees, like tuition, are paid each semester, not just once per year. And those costs have gone up.
For full-time, in-state undergraduates, from Fall 2011 to Spring 2017:
The Auxiliary Services fee has increased by $165.
The Student Government fee has increased by $5.
The Technology fee has increased by $13.
The Athletics fee has increased by $36.
Meanwhile, Towson's total expenditures increased from $419.6 million in 2013 to $495.3 million in 2017.
Towson gets some of its money from the state of Maryland, since it's a public school. Between 2013 and 2017, the amount of money that Towson has received from Maryland has increased from $91.8 million to about $119.1 million, an increase of about $27 million.
In other words, Maryland picks up about a quarter of Towson's bill. The rest has to come from other revenue sources.
“If the state's not picking [increasing operating costs] up, it goes on the backs of students and their families,” TU Chief Financial Officer Joe Oster said.
The outputs from those increasing fees are, sometimes, easier to see than others. Construction, for example, has been booming on campus. And, Oster said, one of the main reasons certain fees increase is pre-existing contracts between TU and food and service providers Chartwells and ABM.
But students may not be seeing that same return on increased investment in the athletics department, which receives no state money. Athletics fees have been going up. Attendance (and, in some cases, performance) have not.
“Athletics is a standalone body,” TU President Kim Schatzel said in an interview with The Towerlight. “All of the scholarships, all of the travel, all the coaches, all the gets loaded on. We can't use state money.”
In the 2013 season, average attendance at home football games was 8,473 people. During the 2016 season, average attendance decreased to 5,703 people, and even the least-attended 2013 regular-season home game, Nov. 23, against James Madison – with 7,379 people in attendance — topped the 2016 average. During the 2016 season, James Madison had an average 19,844 people at each home game.
Other Towson sports have similar stories, in terms of average attendance per game.
Volleyball dropped from 261 people in 2013 to 185 people in 2016, while Women's basketball fell from 618 attendees in the 13-14 season to 372 attendees in the in 16-17 season. Men's basketball fell from 2,564 people in the 13-14 season to 1,826 people in the 16-17 season, and Women's lacrosse dropped nearly 100 attendees, from 534 people in 2013 to 433 people so far this year.
One notable exception to the overall downward trend in attendance: Men's lacrosse. In 2013, an average of 1,225 people attended the home games. In 2017, that number is 1,473 so far.
SECU Arena, where basketball and volleyball play, has room for 5,200 people. Johnny Unitas Stadium, where football and lacrosse play, seats over 11 thousand.
In order to create a more accurate image of how many Towson students are attending Towson games, The Towerlight requested student attendance data – collected when students scan to gain entrance to home games. The Athletics Department did not provide the data requested before The Towerlight's print deadline.
Towson is not alone in this trend–attendance at collegiate sporting events is in decline nationwide.
As Towson's attendance and, in some cases, seasonal performance, have gone down since 2013, students have increasingly paid more money each year in athletics fees.
The main cause for the increasing athletics fee is the growing demand for scholarship money, according to Oster. As tuition increases, they explained, scholarships needed to award more money.
Some student-athletes are awarded “Full grants-in-aid,” at the recommendation of each sport's head coach, according to the 2016-2017 Student Athlete Handbook. The book also says that athletics scholarships are “awarded as a percentage of the value of a full grant-in-aid.”
While the exact value of a full grant-in-aid is calculated annually, the “typical” amount covers tuition, mandatory fees, a “standard double room,” required textbooks and the 19-meal plan.
A student-athlete who is “receiving a full scholarship” and on the 19-meal plan may also receive “unlimited meals” at the beginning of the academic term, according to the handbook.
The purpose in awarding grants-in-aid is to “attract top quality student athletes to Towson University,” according to the handbook.
Nearly 400 students receive financial aid through athletics, according to John Brush, the director of media relations for the Department of Athletics. That aid, they said in an email, ranges from $250 to full grants-in-aid.
Towson University also awards academic scholarships. In 2017-18, the largest scholarship from TU was the Provost Scholarship, capped at $5,000 for in-state students and $11,000 for out-of-state students, according to David Horne, director of the Financial Aid Office.
“[Athletics] adds great value to the reputation of the institution,” Schatzel said. “Both the success of our students in terms of their sports performance and in the classroom is something we really take great pride in.”
Game details Developer: Christian Whitehead / Headcannon / PagodaWest Games
Publisher: Sega
Platform: PlayStation 4 (reviewed), Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, Windows PC
Release Date: August 15, 2017 (August 29 on PC)
ESRB Rating: E
Price: $20/£15
Links: Official website
Sonic Mania has finally made what various arms of Sega, including the official Sonic Team staff, haven't pulled off for decades: a great old-school Sonic game. That's a monumental thing in and of itself, considering how long Sonic has struggled as a series—and how many times their major contemporary rival Mario has lapped him, in both modern and retro flavors.
With that hindsight in mind, it's tempting to overlook some of Sonic Mania's shortcomings. This is a lean game, weighing in at around 3-4 hours for a first playthrough—which, to be fair, is comparable to how much you'll find in a Genesis or Mega Drive Sega game. A few peculiar design decisions (and, at launch, bugs) can hinder the fun you'll have in your first playthrough. And this game has no interest in holding your hand, so don't expect a relaxing reintroduction to the blue bomber.
But having a good Sonic game again means having a platformer that emphasizes the word "speed" and all it implies—including level density, tucked-away secrets, pitch-perfect controls, and satisfying run-and-jump pathing. Many games have tried to recapture Sonic's magic over the years (including Sega itself, with 2002's Sonic Advance 2 worth a shout-out). But this week's Mania combines the familiar and the new to declare that maybe, just maybe, only Sonic can do it best.
Gotta go fast
Mania opens with a sliver of plot: Dr. Eggman (aka Dr. Robotnik) is back, and they have a variety of robotic assistants to help them wreak havoc on a mix of familiar and brand-new environments. The game's brief, confusing, wordless cut scenes pop up between some zones but not others, and they are honestly one of Mania's biggest letdowns. The game never really explains why we're madly dashing from old environments to new ones and back again.
What the game lacks in sensible plot, it makes up for with ridiculous amounts of fan service. Mania employs an interesting design tactic of remaking older games' zones—a lot of them, in fact, with eight classic zones represented from five games (Sonic 1-3, Sonic & Knuckles, and Sonic CD). You may expect the worst after diving into Mania's first level: a nearly identical version of Sonic 1's Green Hill Zone (which, ugh, Sega has already remade about 40 times at this point). But eagle-eyed players will notice a few intriguing differences in this first level, in terms of brand-new running paths and other tucked-away secrets. But that's nothing compared to the zone's second stage, which sees design studio PagodaWest open up the tried-and-true level with a simple zip-line system.
The other zone remakes are even more adventurous. Usually, they open with note-for-note remakes of their forebears, but these only last about 10-15 seconds before changes small and large become apparent—like a new bouncy-pool system in Chemical Plant Zone, a pair of giant lava-walking boots needed to traverse the Lava Reef Zone, and a pollution-timer problem in the Oil Ocean Zone that forces players to vent dangerous smoke on a regular basis. The familiar never takes long to make way for the new and refreshing, and the same can be said for four brand-new zones that borrow liberally from other Sonic games' best. The brand-new zones carry the "Sonic Spinball" torch of elements, like flippers and bounce pads, and they add even more intense zip-around mechanics like a magnetic attract-and-launch system in the final Titanic Monarch Zone.
My time playing Sonic Mania's 12 zones (two levels each) drastically improved once I beat the game—and therefore freed my mental energy from the simple act of getting through. Each level has been designed to turn exploration and route optimization into fun acts in and of themselves. Finding the right place to become frozen—and then get launched as an ice cube—in the new Press Garden Zone is a delight, and I loved coming to grips with the verticality and route experimentation opened up by Lava Reef's second, unbelievable act.
Other little secrets and discoveries piled up from there (including, among other things, learning how the "special" shields do special things in certain parts of the game). A lot is going on in terms of 2D level design in Mania, and the time-attack mode is a great way to relive its highlights.
BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) – The Illinois man who shot a top Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police during the attack. Hours later, Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders said the gunman had been among the many volunteers on their presidential campaign.
Court records show that Hodgkinson's legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems apparently came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge. Records indicate they have not been involved in any legal cases since 2011.
Until recently, they ran a home-inspection business out of their home in Belleville, in the southwestern corner of the state, across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, according to Hodgkinson's Facebook page.
They also wrote frequent letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
On March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” they wrote.
In October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
They also wrote about conservative talk radio and TV, saying that their favorite show was Rachel Maddow's MSNBC program and writing that they believed MSNBC provided “a better, balanced opinion,” than Fox News.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Apple has reportedly announced their biggest quarterly profit ever despite a drop in iPhone sales this year.
The Telegraph reports that tech giant Apple has posted a record-breaking quarterly profit despite a drop in iPhone sales. Apple announced a profit of $20.1 billion in the final three months of the year, shattering their own record set two years ago. Apple's record-breaking profits come shortly after the release of the $999 iPhone X, although the company saw a one percent drop in sales of iPhones from last year, the increased price of the iPhone X lead to higher revenue for the company.
Apple CEO Tim Cook commented the sale of the new iPhone model saying, “iPhone X surpassed our expectations and has been our top selling iPhone every week since it shipped in November.” The company's revenues grew by 13 percent to $88.3 billion, their $20.1 billion profits were an increase of 12 percent from $17.9 billion last year. Apple's other products saw varying degrees of success, iPad sales increased but Mac sales dropped while Apple's other products such as the Apple Watch and Apple TV saw an increase of 36 percent.
Apple's shares dropped in after-hours trading as the company left investors worrying about the future with their guidance for the next quarter, but share prices soon bounced back after the company stated an expected revenue of between $60 billion and $62 billion. CEO Tim Cook stated that 1.3 billion Apple products are now in use worldwide up from 1 billion two years previously, “We're thrilled to report the biggest quarter in Apple's history, with broad-based growth that included the highest revenue ever from a new iPhone lineup,” said Cook.
Apple's App Store also saw a record year said Cook, they also stated that sales of the Series 3 Apple Watch had doubled over sales of the Series 2 watch. However, despite being one of the biggest companies in the world and regularly predicted to be the first company to break the trillion dollar valuation mark, share prices have wavered as rumours spread that the company may scale back production of the newly released iPhone X. Apple has blamed the drop in iPhone sales on this quarter being a week shorter than last year.
We asked Today's Q106 Country Club members…
Not a member yet? Join now right here!
Share. All the emergent chaos, thrilling close-calls, and epic comebacks of the first Nidhogg, with a little extra. All the emergent chaos, thrilling close-calls, and epic comebacks of the first Nidhogg, with a little extra.
Nidhogg 2's exciting, tug-of-war style duels preserve the frantic fun and unpredictability that made the first game great, with a few twists. Its handful of new weapons help spice up matches in new and interesting ways and a larger selection of stages adds more physical variety to matches, even if its garish new coat of paint isn't always easy on the eyes.
The emergent chaos, thrilling close-calls, and epic comebacks of the first Nidhogg still dominate every moment of action in Nidhogg 2. Two opponents face off in a tense head-to-head duel of wits and reflexes, attempting to slay the other with pinpoint precision and make it to the end of a multiscreen stage. Ten shiny new levels in single-player arcade mode, multiplayer quickmatches, or up to eight player tournaments also add more fun platforming obstacles to contend with mid-battle.
It only takes about 20 minutes to stab and slash your way through arcade mode, but its AI opponent, which gradually becomes more aggressive and employs new behaviors and playstyles in the later face-offs, serves as a good warmup session. Nidhogg 2 is a local multiplayer game at its heart, and that's where I spent most of my 10 hours with it so far. The most thrilling part about Nidhogg 2 is that no single game is the same. I could hop into a match with a friend or co-worker that would end in a single, frantic minute. One of us might get lucky, land a series of perfect divekicks, and leap or roll our way to the finish line. Another match might last 10 or 20 minutes, a desperate push-and-shove of clashing blades and flying swords that would often attract a small crowd of spectators around the office.
“ New weapons up the stakes and force players to adapt in interesting ways.
I love how you never know how long a game will go when facing off with a new opponent, but if you're not keen on the idea of neverending matches, Nidhogg 2 lets you set time limits that, if met, will roll into a sudden death, single-screen duel to determine the victor. There are other convenient and fun ways to customize matches, too. You can limit which weapons you can spawn in with; disable throws, divekicks, and slides; and even enable weird cheats like low gravity and boomerang swords. One thing I was sad to see missing was a stat screen at the end of a session that listed out kills and suicides per player, and how long the match lasted. Still, being able to tweak matches to your liking is a welcome return feature.
The simple mechanical genius of Nidhogg 2 shines brightest when it's just two players facing off with the classic fencing swords, alternating between high, mid, and low positions in a flurry of quick stabs and parries. But now, players can end up with new weapons each time they respawn, which ups the stakes and forces players to adapt in interesting ways within a matter of seconds.
“ Trusty divekicks and unarmed executions make a welcome return.
Broadswords swing slower, but more powerfully, capable of knocking weapons out of an opponent's hands. Unlike the classic fencing sword, you also can't accidentally poke yourself at the end of an opponent's broadsword, but it seems to have a broader range when swung. Daggers are quick, but have less range when armed, making them great for throwing. Bows, on the other hand, feel absolutely useless. I've nailed some cool kills with them, especially because a well-positioned sword can deflect their arrows, but their rate of fire is too slow against a quick opponent. In situations where I spawned in with a bow, I usually opted to throw it at the opponent's head (a non-lethal move, but enough to stun them) before picking up a spare weapon from the inevitable pile-up on the ground. Every time you die, you drop your current weapon and spawn in with a new one, or sometimes the same one you had before. That, combined with new weapon types, makes for more options when deciding when to throw my current weapon to get a ranged kill and roll to grab another blade off the ground.
Sometimes you don't even need a weapon to dominate the playing field. Nidhogg's trusty divekick and unarmed execution moves make welcome returns. A nimble player can knock an opponent's weapon out of their hand and take them out even if they're unarmed themselves. While still just as effective, the melee takedown in Nidhogg 2 has lost the brutal neck-snapping style of the original in favor of an obnoxious stomping animation.
“ Nidhogg excels at letting humor bloom in the chaos of battle.
Visually, Nidhogg 2 replaces the sleek and graceful minimalism of the first game with a much more colorful and cartoonish style that I wasn't always a fan of. Some of the backgrounds look fantastic — vibrant and animated scenes that feel more accessible and mainstream than the bold restraint of the original. I loved the lo-res, cursed Atari look of the first game, with its jagged platforms and crackling backdrops, but I also don't hate the sparkling beaches and birchwood forests of Nidhogg 2's new, revamped world. The tacky, bubblegum-colored characters are not as pleasing to look at. You can customize them with new hairstyles, tops, bottoms, and accessories, but they never lose that dead-eyed cartoon stare and awkward ragdoll animation that makes them so objectionable.
They still paint the arena with their unusually-colored blood when they die, but because the arenas are so much more detailed and busy than the first game's clean minimalism, it looks less like a sound stylistic choice and more like a distasteful mess of clashing colors. Their more humanoid shapes make the violence less artistically abstract in general: they burst into chunks of ribs and eyeballs every time they die and wear awful cartoon grimaces as they stomp each other into slime. It's meant to be silly, but it really just feels unnecessary. Nidhogg has always excelled at letting its humor bloom in the chaos and competition of its two-player battles. The good thing is, those battles are ultimately still fun to play no matter what the style looks like.
Nidhogg 2 The sequel to the popular fighting game features different levels, local and online multiplayer, and a tournament mode. Get Deal On PC
Ottawa police chief Charles Bordeleau has backed off their previously announced intentions to wear a police-issued uniform in the Capital Pride parade after intense discussions with members of the LGBTQ2 and police communities.
The chief said Monday they will wear a police golf shirt in the Aug. 27 parade instead.
Bordeleau, who previously said they would wear their full police uniform despite pleas from parade organizers not to, said the controversy over whether Ottawa police officers would wear their uniforms in the parade has become “national” in scope.
“The exclusion of the police uniform in Pride parades has become a national issue, and it seems to have divided the local LGBTQ2 communities and the wider community. I know we can overcome this issue by working together,” they said in a statement Monday.
They said they have held meetings with police officers in the LGBTQ2 community who advised them that wearing the uniform in the annual event may ultimately create divisions in the community.
“The LGBTQ2 members that I met with expressed hurt and frustration about the request to exclude uniforms for off duty officers at Pride this year. The majority also felt that attending Pride in uniform would not help us build trust. After reviewing the options, they decided not to wear their uniforms during this year's Pride Parade and will wear other OPS identified clothing. I fully support this decision.”
Last month, organizers of Ottawa Capital Pride asked police officers not to wear their uniforms during the annual march. The group's concerns stemmed from the opinions of LGBTQ2 youth, who spoke up about issues at Capital Pride's community consultations and stated that uniformed police officers would make some people feel uncomfortable.
The request sparked controversy with many politicians, including Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson, who disagreed with the request by festival organizers.
More to come.
Dublin University 21-19 Young Munster
St Mary's College 7-23 UCD
TOMMY WHITTLE'S LATE converted try could be Dublin University's most valuable score of the entire Ulster Bank League season after they came from behind to beat Young Munster 21-19 at College Park.
Former Leinster underage player Whittle, who turns 22 on Wednesday, started their birthday celebrations early by coming off the bench to land the match-winning blow for the students in this end-to-end Bank Holiday Monday tie.
Trailing 19-11 in the closing stages, Jack McDermott fired over their third successful penalty and then converted Whittle's all-important try, as Trinity gave their Division 1A survival hopes a huge boost. They are now six points clear of second-from-bottom St Mary's with three rounds remaining.
It was not looking good for Tony Smeeth's side when Munsters, who came to Dublin on the back of a five-match winning streak, cancelled out an initial McDermott penalty with tries from Ger Slattery and promising young full-back Alan Tynan.
Pressure on the Trinity lineout led to experienced hooker Slattery breaking through for the opening try, and the Cookies claimed a second when Tynan scored from a chip and chase effort. 12-3 was a flattering lead though, as the hosts had played most of the rugby in the first half.
Munsters were determined to move back into the top four after some of their rivals had gained recent ground on them, but they were rocked by a Tom Ryan try, via a terrific Kyle Dixon offload, and a McDermott penalty soon made it a one-point game, 12-11.
Tynan completed their brace six minutes later, turning a bout of pressure into seven hard-earned points. But it was not enough in the end as Trinity continue to be a bogey team for Munsters – they have now achieved two season's doubles over the Limerick men since gaining promotion in 2016.
In Monday's other game in Division 1A, UCD outscored St. Mary's College by three tries to one in a lively second half to emerge as 23-7 winners at Templeville Road.
The seventh-placed students climbed away from relegation trouble with their first away victory since November, while Mary's may not be able to break out of the bottom two, given they have to face title-chasing opposition in each of the final three rounds.
Two penalties from out-half Matthew Gilsenan had UCD leading 6-0 at half-time, and a strong set of phases in sight of the try-line led to flanker number 8 Stephen McVeigh crossing in the 48th minute.
Mary's were back in contention four minutes later when right winger Craig Kennedy crossed for a try. The seven-pointer owed much to the swift hands of Ireland U20 international Conor Dean and a charging run in the build-up by prop Tom O'Reilly, who was fresh from playing for the Ireland Club team in Scotland on Friday night.
However, Mary's could not maintain the momentum and it was UCD who produced the stronger finish, Gilsenan missing a penalty before two late tries from Conall Doherty and replacement Tom Fletcher wrapped up the points.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Ever predicted something would happen before it did? Have you followed an inkling that has turned out to be correct? Maybe you feel you're in touch with the supernatural? If so, why not share your ‘talent' with others and earn up to £12.60 an hour?
LiveLines UK is currently looking for psychics and tarot card readers to work from home, providing readings for callers all over the world.
The flexible role allows psychics to take calls either on a landline or mobile, and working hours are whenever you're free.
The company provides full automated telephone training and insists that its service is very busy- ensuring there is always work when needed.
Readers who apply must have experience. This can include reading with family and friends or within a professional capacity.
The role also calls for applicants who can offer readings in a caring and non-judgmental manner.
Salary is earned per minute with the opportunity to make up to £12.60 an hour. It is paid every two weeks.
For more information or to apply for the role click here
Not what you're looking for? There are plenty of jobs to be found in Gloucestershire at Fish4Jobs
ANN ARBOR (WWJ) — St. Joseph Mercy Ann Arbor has announced a $24 million renovation and expansion of it's already existing Cancer Center.
The announcement was made on Monday with the renovation scheduled to begin in September and the project expected to be finished in November of 2018. The project will expand upon the Robert H. and Judy Dow Alexander Cancer Center, which opened in 1993, and create a new 66,000-square-foot Cancer Center designed to deliver comprehensive cancer care for patients.
“This new state-of-the-art facility will help cancer patients and their families by combining the very best in prevention, screening, research, treatment and support all in one location,” said Dave Brooks, president of St. Joseph Mercy Ann Arbor and Livingston hospitals. “This significant care delivery redesign will improve patient experience across all of our west market region of Canton, Brighton, Chelsea, and Ann Arbor.”
The main floor of the new Cancer Center will have 22 private bays for patients. Nurse navigators, genetic counselors, dietitians, chaplains, social workers and an on-site pharmacy for chemotherapy services will also be located on the main floor.
Patients will be located on the second floor where oncologists, surgeons and clinical staff will work to discuss care. The new lower level will feature space for St. Joe's National Cancer Institute Oncology Research Program, clinical research staff and the Cancer Care Delivery program.
A redesigned entrance that features a two-story glass atrium and a new Joe's Java coffee shop will also be part of the project.
The hospital will be working with architectural firm Harley Ellis Devereaux (HED) and Granger Construction on this renovation and expansion.
The Capitals will take on the Toronto Maple Leafs on March 3rd! Right here in Annapolis. Outside. At Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium. Tickets are going fast, but you have a chance to win a pair. Well, 6 pairs.
The Capitals along with Budweiser have teamed up and as we get closer to outdoor hockey in Annapolis, you cheer on the Caps from your favorite Annapolis bars and restaurants on the Red Light Tour.
Fans who visit designated Annapolis Red Light Tour stops and share their experience on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #LightUpAnnapolis will have the chance to win free Budweiser swag and products, Caps prizes and even 2 game tickets! One pair will be given away each night! All you need to do is use the hashtag while out at your favorite bar and share it on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter–that's it. Pro Tip: Make sure that the privacy settings are set to public so the folks at Budweiser and the Capitals can see the hashtag and find you!
So where to go? Here's the list!
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB, Sports
KENNESAW, Ga. — James Scott hit 5 3-pointers and totalled 30 points as Kennesaw State picked up its second win over USC Upstate in eight days, this time posting a 93-69 rout in the Atlantic Sun Conference rematch on Saturday.
A week ago Anthony Wilson hit the game-winner with 1.4 seconds left for an 81-80 win at Spartanburg.
The Spartans led at intermission, 37-36 after Deion Holmes scored on a layup with :02 left. Mike Cunningham scored at the basket for a 44-43 USC Upstate lead three minutes into the second half, but the Owls responded with a 13-0 run fueled by a Jordan Jones dunk that put Kennesaw State up by 12, 56-44.
Nick Masterson finished with 17 points for the Owls (7-17, 3-6), with Tyler Hooker adding 14.
MUSIC
IHEARTRADIO TOP 10 SONGS IN L.A.
1. Love On The Brain: Rihanna
2. Shape of You: Ed Sheeran
3. Passionfruit: Drake
4. That's What I Like: Bruno Mars
5. Counting Stars: OneRepublic
6. Demons: Imagine Dragons
7. Fake Love: Drake
8. When I Was Your Man: Bruno Mars
9. Stay: Rihanna
10. One More Night: Maroon 5
IHEARTRADIO TOP 10 ARTISTS IN L.A.
1. Drake
2. Bruno Mars
3. Linkin Park
4. Ed Sheeran
5. The Chainsmokers
6. Shawn Mendes
7. Migos
8. Imagine Dragons
9. Adele
10. Eagles
March 30 Componenta Corp:
* THE NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT OF CONTINUED OPERATIONS DECLINED. THE PROGRESS OF THE CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING PROCESS IN FINLAND AND SWEDEN WILL ENABLE TO RESTORE PROFITABILITY AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENT.
* IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO PAY A DIVIDEND
* BELIEVES THAT CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING PROCEEDINGS WILL PROCEED FAVOURABLE
* EXPECTS NET SALES OF CONTINUED OPERATIONS TO BE EUR 150-170 MILLION IN 2017
* 2017 EBITDA WITHOUT ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY IS EXPECTED TO BE EUR 5-10 MILLION.
* BECAUSE OF BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS, COMPANY CONSIDERS THAT IT HAS LOST CONTROL OVER SUB-GROUP IN NETHERLANDS
* Q4 NET SALES FROM CONTINUING. OPERATIONS EUR 44.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 52.7 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q4 ADJUSTED. EBITDA EUR 1.1 MILLION VERSUS LOSS EUR 0.3 MILLION YEAR AGO
* END-Q4 ORDER BOOK FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS EUR 30.8 MILLION VERSUS EUR 31.4 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
More meter coverage catered for 2018
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Moving forward into 2018, the Guyana Water Incorporated (GWI) hopes to reduce the creation of estimated water bills significantly to charge their customers a fair and just amount through the insurance of meter coverage. This was revealed, during GWI's ‘Holiday Slash and Cash Promotion' launch, on December 08.
GWI's Managing Director Dr. Richard Van West-Charles explained, that presently, the company has been able to meter 49 percent of its customers, while under the project funded by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) and the European Union (EU) an additional 15,000 meters have been installed.
Earlier in October, GWI launched a three-month pilot project to that saw the installation if ultra-sonic meters in the communities of Better Hope, Beterverwagting, and La Bonne Intention (LBI) on the East Coast of Demerara. The meter has a large measuring range and it calculates water flow rather than air. Additionally, it also detects leaks and is equipped with an alarm system to detect vandalism. This will contribute to the reduction of non-revenue water. The testing phase for the meters is expected run until December 31, after which GWI will explore the feasibility of installing the Ultra Sonic meters at locations where there is a need for replacement or new meters.
Dr. Charles also disclosed that the company is hoping to install 40,000 meters in total in 2018 and achieve 100 percent coverage by 2020. This would ensure that the infrastructure and operational improvement that the water company is undertaking across the country is being used by the persons authorised to do so.
By: Neola Damon
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
CTV Atlantic
A woman is facing impaired driving charges after they were arrested near the finish line of the Cabot Trail Relay Race last weekend.
The RCMP responded to the scene in Neil's Harbour, N.S., after receiving a report of a possible impaired driver from the event's traffic safety officer.
Police say they found the woman near the finish line, where several hundred spectators and runners were located.
Police allege the woman had been driving on the wrong side of the road.
No one was injured.
The woman was taken to the Ingonish RCMP detachment for a breath test. Police say their blood alcohol level was nearly two times the legal limit.
They have been charged with impaired driving and driving with a blood alcohol level over 80 milligrams.
The woman was released from custody and is due to appear in Wagmatcook provincial court on July 4.
Sady Sharp and Brett Brown, Skidmore, announce the birth of a son, Archer Daniel, born Friday, January 26, 2018, at SSM Health St. Francis Hospital, Maryville.
They weighed eight pounds and six ounces and joins siblings, Zaydin, Chloe and Adelynn.
Maternal grandparents are Charmaine Cortner, St. Joseph, and Doug Sharp, Skidmore.
Paternal grandparents are Joe and Kaye Brown, Skidmore, and Kim Burson, Maryville.
Maternal great-grandmother is Mary Sharp, Skidmore.
Paternal great-grandparents are Marilyn Brown, Maryville, and Dale and Lorraine Burson, St. Joseph.
There are a variety of designs of engagement rings for women of 2008 that are extremely fashionable. Every little thing from lead ruby rings and also tinted rocks to “eco-friendly” rings and also network established ruby rings ended up being incredibly popular in 2008.
Lead ruby rings are rings with 3 or 4 rows of little, even-sized rubies that normally walk around the whole ring. A bigger facility rock established over the remainder of the ring finishes the appearance. Lead ruby engagement rings for women are among the very best engagement rings for women of 2008 due to the fact that they are a classy option for an interaction ring while developing a great deal of glimmer on a future new bride's third finger. You'll likewise locate lead ruby wedding event bands that match your interaction ring and also make it much more sparkly.
Colored rocks have actually additionally expanded in appeal. Due to this, rings with tinted rubies are amongst the very best engagement rings for women of 2008. Rubies are available in a selection of shades, consisting of yellow, blue, pink, or even black. Real tinted rubies are incredibly unusual, makings them incredibly costly. A one-carat tinted ruby could run upwards of 10 thousand bucks. Nevertheless, if you could not manage to invest this much loan on an involvement ring, there are a number of options that will certainly still enable you to be fashionable with a tinted rock. With the most up to date modern technology, you could acquire a synthetic tinted ruby. With the breakthroughs that have actually been made, most individuals could not inform the distinction in between an extracted ruby as well as a synthetic one. If you purchase or appoint a synthetic ruby, you could pick whichever shade you choose, as well as conserve numerous hundreds of bucks in the meanwhile. Conversely, if you desire a tinted rock however do not require a ruby, emerald greens, sapphires, and also rubies make terrific choices for engagement rings for women and also are much more economical compared to extracted tinted rubies.
Eco-friendly engagement rings for women offered by majadejewelrydesign are likewise amongst the most effective engagement rings for women of 2008. With even more individuals worried regarding the setting as well as regarding the civils rights problems that border typical ruby mining, even more individuals are seeking options to conventional engagement rings for women. One opportunity is to acquire an involvement ring that has a ruby that was extracted in Canada rather than South Africa. Canada does not have the very same civils rights problems focusing on its ruby market, so it's thought about to be extra pleasant to the globe. Conversely, acquiring a synthetic ruby ring is additionally thought about to be much more “environment-friendly” since not just does it not have the exact same civils rights concerns that extracted rubies do, however it does not damage the planet like mining for rubies tends to do. Additionally, the most effective engagement rings for women of 2008 consist of antique engagement rings for women considering that the greenest engagement rings for women are those that are reused as well as recycled. By getting an involvement ring that is antique, you are not adding to the brand-new ruby ring market or the devastation of the setting.
Network established ruby rings are likewise on the listing of the finest engagement rings for women of 2008. Network collection engagement rings for women have actually the rocks established within the band of the ring, so the top of the rock is despite having the top of the ring. Network established rings are specifically optimal since the rubies are safeguarded from being harmed since you could not reach the rock to chip them. A lot more prominent are network collection ruby rings constructed of platinum, which has actually lately expanded in appeal. If you intend to get a ring that is much more special, however, you could have a network collection interaction ring established with rocks apart from rubies. Sapphires are a specifically preferred selection for engagement rings for women.
Minnesota Wild General Manager Paul Fenton focused on adding depth over adding recognizable names during the opening of NHL free agency.
Fenton, in their first offseason with the Wild, signed seven players to the roster on the first allowable day of free agency (July 1). The names of the players are not necessarily the most recognizable, but they will be important pieces in building the depth to the Wild. Minnesota has failed to advance past the first round of the playoffs in the last three years.
Minnesota has agreed to deals at all levels of hockey. Defensemen signed include Greg Pateryn and Matt Bartkowski. Four forwards were also added including Matt Hendricks, J.T. Brown, Eric Fehr, and Mike Liambas. Finally, Fenton signed goaltender Andrew Hammond from the Colorado Avalanche.
Deals also stretched further than just signing free agents. Nick Seeler has agreed to a new three-year contract. Seeler was drafted 131st overall in the 2011 NHL Draft and appeared in 22 games for the Wild last season.
Per the official release from the Wild, it appears that the free agent signings for Fenton and the Wild are over. Fenton may look into the trade market still, but their focus will now shift to working out deals for restricted free agents Jason Zucker and Matt Dumba.
Minnesota opens the preseason on Monday, September 17 against Winnipeg. The regular season begins Thursday, October 4 on the road in Colorado.
SEE ALSO:
DOWN ARE ON the lookout for a new senior football manager following Eamonn Burns' decision to step down after holding the position for three years.
They step away from the role on the back of a defeat to Cavan in the qualifiers last month, while Donegal previously dumped them out of the Ulster championship at the semi-final stage.
They also suffered relegation to Division 3 earlier this year.
The Bryansford man guided Down to the Ulster SFC final last year, where they lost out to Tyrone in what was their first senior provincial decider since 2012.
Paying tribute to their contribution to Down football, chairperson Seán Rooney described the two-time All-Ireland winner as someone who “worked diligently to bring the county team forward, and did so with admirable pride and dignity.
“We are indebted to them for the time and effort they gave over three seasons and I would wish to place on record our gratitude to them and their management team.
“Eamonn was very honourable at all times working tirelessly in pursuit of progress and success and they retain a great desire to see Down re-emerge as a force in football.
“We would also like to thank the members of their management and backroom teams, in particular Cathal Murray, Aidan Brannigan, Neil Collins, Gerard Colgan and Gearóid Adams.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
You may not think spaghetti hoops count as one of your 5 a day - but they do!
Tomatoes make up 41 percent of the meal, so a small can will get your portion in.
But dietitian Orla Walsh says fresh tomatoes are a much healthier option: 'Are they the worst thing? No. But they shouldn't be included in your everyday diet. Everyone needs to make sure that their meals are as colourful as possible and have one or two portions of fruit and vegetables.
There's a new guideline in The Sun today which shows you surprising ways you can get your daily fruit and veg intake.
Homemade hummus counts as one, so do ice pops made with fresh fruit juice, veggie pizza and apple crumble!
Axel Witsel has been playing for Zenit Saint Petersburg for a couple of years now. Last summer, they narrowly missed a transfer to the Italian top club Juventus. It was expected that Witsel would move to Juventus during the winter transfer window, or maybe next summer, but then the Chinese emerged.
Shanghai SIPG was the first club to express its interest in Witsel. The club paid 60 million for Chelsea's Oscar last month, but still had some cash to spare. Tianjin Quanjian also had a big interest, and seems to have won the battle.
The Chinese are thought to pay 20 million for Witsel, although their contract at Zenit expires next summer. The well-informed Italian sportspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport estimates that Witsel is to earn between 18 and 20 million euros per annum in China.
America's unique burger styles, and where to try them The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45 The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45
The scene: One thing Great American Bites has learned traveling the backroads of the nation is that there are far more ways to cook burgers than you might think. If you want to try some of America's variety of regional preparations, these are the places to visit:
Gas
Burgers are a uniquely American invention, and the place that has the best claim to having actually birthed our favorite food is Louis' Lunch in New Haven, Connecticut, which gets the support of the Library of Congress for its historical significance. Little has changed here in over a century, and they still cook on the original custom-made upright cast iron gas grills, sort of vertical waffle irons for burgers. The result is a little bit of a crunchier exterior char than many of us get at home, with a still perfectly medium center, and the burgers or cheeseburgers (using spreadable cheese, not slices) are still served on toasted white bread — also cooked with gas — since the burgers themselves predate buns.
Fire-grilled
Because live fire inside the kitchen is tricky, this is much less common in restaurants than backyards, and two places we've visited over the years really stand out. The Weber Grill mini-chain uses the company's iconic kettle grills in the kitchen to provide a finer dining take on the home cookout and does a great job. It has five Midwest locations including Chicago, St. Louis and Indianapolis. They cook over charcoal, and offer several options including a rarity usually found only at the highest end steakhouses, the Prime Burger, with USDA Prime Ground Chuck, bourbon grilled onions, and cheddar.
In Las Vegas we loved the burgers (and amazing pudding shakes!) at multiple Michelin Star holder and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's BurGR. Located in the Planet Hollywood casino hotel, it features a live-fire grill burning a mix of apple and alderwood. Patties are made from a mixture of ground brisket, chuck and short rib, and Ramsay forgoes spices or sauces and instead brushes the burgers with imported English Devonshire butter. Standout brioche buns are baked fresh daily and dotted with white and black sesame seeds, and the burgers are perfectly cooked to order, with fantastic specialty options. One favorite is the stacked Farm Burger, with English sharp cheddar, a fried egg and duck breast bacon, while the Brittania burger makes novel — and delicious — use of mango chutney, along with sharp cheddar and arugula.
Steamed
Food historians are quick to point out that despite their mass market bastardization, authentic “sliders” are not just miniature burgers, they are steamed so the bun, cheese and patty become integrated. Serious Eats editor J. Kenji Lopez-Alt notes that, “Invented in Wichita, Kansas, in 1916 by Walter Anderson (who five years later founded White Castle), sliders were at one time the predominant form of burger on the planet. Weighing in at under two ounces, the diminutive sandwiches are made by slowly steam-griddling thin, all-beef patties on a bed of onions.” Anderson's invention is served at a handful of mom-and-pop spots, mostly in New Jersey and the Northeast, but is best associated with their still-thriving national chain, White Castle — the world's oldest fast food burger brand. The preformed square patties have five holes in them to let steam pass through, and they are cooked on a bed of chopped onions and their liquid so they steam without ever touching the griddle, with the rolls placed over the meat before being fully constructed. As a result, the buns are steamy and moist and stuck to the meat (and optional cheese). You either love or hate the steamed burger, and if you love it — I do — White Castle is awesome.
For non-chain spot, Ted's, in Meriden, Connecticut, is a one-off steamed burger specialist that uses a custom-made machine, a metal cabinet with little drawers, not unlike a workshop parts cabinet. A square slab of ground beef or cheddar cheese is inserted in each drawer, which are then shut, and steam cooks everything. If you get a cheeseburger, the oozy cheese is scooped onto the finished burger. It's a unique style of cooking that drains off the fat, and it produced the juiciest well-done burger I have ever had.
Griddled
This is the most common restaurant preparation for burgers, at both fast food and sit-down eateries, and for the former, our national favorites are Five Guys and Whataburger, both of which roll out a far more satisfying and more homemade tasting burger than the big three. Five Guys specializes in doubles with two thin cooked-to-order patties, with juicy results, and showcases a vast array of free optional toppings. Whataburger is a Southern chain that debuted in 1950 as the fourth fast food burger chain in the nation (before McDonald's and Burger King). Two of its three predecessors were tiny burger specialists, White Castle and Krystal, so Whataburger carved out the big burger niche in fast food and has kept it ever since, serving tasty two-hands-required sandwiches. The patties are made freshly and taste better, the chain has its own line of quality condiments and also offers another fantastic take burger rarely seen in fast food, the patty melt.
A smaller chain that does a fantastic job with griddled burgers is Hopdoddy Burger Bar, which started in Austin, Texas, and is now found across the Southwest. Hopdoddy's uses only naturally raised drug-free beef from partner ranchers in Texas and Colorado, and all proteins are ground fresh daily at each location. In addition to great beef they offer a wide variety of patty options including lamb, turkey, bison and even tuna steaks. Often overlooked buns are stars here, brioche versions baked daily, with options for multi-grain and gluten free.
Griddle-smashed
This style is the current rage, with a ball of meat crushed by spatula over a bed of chopped onions on a flat top. It is the longtime signature of national chain Smashburger, and as the frequent winner of various best fast food burger competitions, that's a great place to try it. It's a cut above most competitors in both taste and atmosphere, with all food cooked to order. The chain uses only 100% Certified Angus Beef (CAB), a specialty brand which requires 10 extra tests beyond normal USDA grading. They do only fresh, never frozen, and each burger starts as a ball of ground beef on a well-buttered griddle and is then pressed with a metal plate until it begins to form a seared crust.
For a one-off take on the style, we loved Off-Site Kitchen in Dallas, a kitschy throwback concept full of pop culture décor run by a highly trained fine dining chef who pulls out all the stops to perfect the seemingly simple burger. Extensive taste testing led them to use only one ranch in Nebraska for the meat, and it is ground daily in-house, using a very particular technique. Shoulder meat only is put in a freezer until almost frozen, then ground on machines that are also kept in the freezer because friction generates heat, and the owner believes this breaks down the fat and meat in a way that causes burgers to taste stringy. The cold-ground burgers are perfect, the topping selection is great, and the buns, stylistically in-between traditional and brioche style, complete a simply fantastic burger experience.
Patty melt
I am a huge fan of this unique style where a burger patty is served on sliced bread, usually rye, done grilled cheese-style. In fact, the more burgers I try the more convinced I become that if there is a single best burger style, this is it. While you can get them at many diners, or previously mentioned fast food chain Whataburger, the best I've had is at Park, a modern gastropub in Cambridge, Massachusetts (which also won a reader voting competition held by popular BostonBurgerBlog as the city's finest). Co-owner Patrick Lee told me the sandwiches never “were things we thought would ever become the iconic dishes of the restaurant. But our chef's thing is to put a twist on everything, and there are so many burgers around here they did the patty melt.” It is an elevated take on the genre, cut diagonally into two eye-catching triangles. Park uses square organic rye loaves from Boston's beloved Iggy's artisanal bakery and had custom metal dies fabricated to shape square patties that fit the bread perfectly. They use a custom meat blend from New York's famed butcher Pat LaFrieda, add American cheese, Cholula onions and optional bacon. It is stunning.
Jucy Lucy
It would be wrong to conclude this take on American regional burger styles without Minnesota's unique contribution to the canon, the Jucy Lucy. Now a citywide signature, it is two patties formed around American cheese and sealed along the perimeter, so the melted cheese becomes an oozy volcanic core to a single thick patty. It was invented at Matt's Bar, and this humble, but charming, neighborhood tavern remains the place to make a burger pilgrimage in the Twin Cities. I've seen such burgers attempted by home chefs, but never with this success — it appears to be a normal, single contiguous patty until bitten into, whereupon the cross-section clearly reveals the top and bottom halves, and the cheese is well distributed in every bite but never breaks through prematurely. It is one tasty burger, but be careful — the wait staff will warn you — if you bite into it too quickly or aggressively you will burn your mouth. My friends and I liked it so much we immediately ordered another round.
Where to try plant-based burgers and menus Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20 Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20
Larry Olmsted has been writing about food and travel for more than 15 years. An avid eater and cook, they have attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a barbecue contest and once dined with Julia Child. Follow them on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy, and if there's a unique American eatery you think they should visit, send them an email at travel@usatoday.com. Some of the venues reviewed by this column provided complimentary services.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Actor Aidan Turner may be engaged to a Gloucester girl but the next series of Poldark will see them rekindle a fiery on-screen romance.
In real life the handsome young actor is said to be engaged to a young lawyer from Gloucestershire,
But their real beau stays out the limelight and the heartthrob is better known for their love life on the small screen.
And our colleagues at CornwallLive, where the series is set, have given us the lowdown on what is in store and when the next series. which as partly filmed in Gloucestershire starts.
Gloucestershire has been used as a location for Poldark, including Cotswold Elizabethan manor Chavenage House.
Season three of the hit series ended on a dramatic cliffhanger, with Poldark's wife Demelza (played by Eleanor Tomlinson) cheating on him.
(Image: BBC)
They helplessly fell for the charms of newcomer Lieutenant Hugh Armitage (Josh Whitehouse), who swept them off their feet on the beach.
Fans were heartbroken by the twist in the final episode, which has made the wait for the fourth season even more agonising.
But with the show nearly back for series four, it could appear that there are happier times ahead for 'Romelza'...
Writer Debbie Horsfield said: "After the upheavals and threats to their marriage in series three, series four sees a major reconnection between Ross and Demelza as they realise how close they came to losing everything they hold dear.
"London calls for Ross, whilst Demelza holds the fort in Cornwall. We have a host of exciting new characters, some new rivalries and challenges – and some old rivalries which escalate to the point of catastrophe.
"The world of Poldark is always expanding, and as we move to London we encounter a new social and political scene and a host of new characters.
"Some of these are actual historical personages (Prime Minister Pitt, Attorney General John Mitford, William Wilberforce).
"Others, such as Monk Adderley, are vibrant and exotic new additions, who have a major impact on the lives of Ross and Demelza. As always though Ross and Demelza remain at the heart of the story."
(Image: GlosPics Picture Agency)
They continued: "This is a particularly turbulent period of British history - a time when we came close to having our own revolution (following those of American and France) and it's been enjoyable to write about the unfolding dramas set against it.
"For me the on going Poldark saga never ceases to excite, challenge and engage. As a story with the portrait of a marriage at its heart, sometimes it's made for uncomfortable viewing.
(Image: GlosPics Picture Agency)
"Winston Graham was writing about a real marriage, not a rose-tinted starry-eyed version of one - but that's what makes it all the more rewarding to bring to the screen.
"The reconnection between Ross and Demelza, the renewed passion, the forgiveness and redemption of their marriage has been hard won, and is therefore all the more to be valued and enjoyed."
LONDON, April 6 Banks are preparing debt packages of up to €500m to back a potential sale of French drugmaker Sanofi's European contract manufacturer business Cepia, banking sources said on Thursday.
Cepia is a division of Sanofi, dealing with what Sanofi calls “third party activities” such as supply and production and is hoped to fetch up to €1bn, banking sources said.
Information packages have gone out to potential bidders as the sale process kicks off and the business is expected to generate interest from a number of private equity and strategic bidders.
Sanofi was not immediately available to comment.
French buyout firms like Ardian, Eurazeo and Wendel are expected to take a look at the asset as are private equity firms already active in the pharma space, such as Apax, BC Partners and Advent, the sources added.
Bankers are putting together leveraged loan financings totalling around 6 times Cepia's approximate €60m-€70m Ebitda.
Last month, Sanofi hired advisers for the sale of its European generic drug business, ahead of an auction process which is expected to start after the European summer. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as they watch a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday, June 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Terrin Waack)
The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage telecasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 per cent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 per cent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 per cent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 per cent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Related: England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
Related: Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The City of Topeka issued a statement Monday night with input from the Governing Body in regard to the officer involved shooting that claimed the life of Dominique White in September. That statement is reprinted below in italics, with the exception of references to statute that were attached to the original release, but are not reprinted here.
The members of the governing body extend their sincere condolences to the family and friends of Dominique White – it is incredibly difficult to lose a family member and friend. The loss of a member of our community affects us all.
The City's goals in connection with Mr. White's death are simple and sincere: first, to make certain the death is thoroughly and fairly investigated; second, to determine whether the officers' actions were consistent with the law and with city policies and procedures; and third, to consider whether City policies and procedures are appropriate.
Naturally, there has been a lot of media attention surrounding this case and the governing body understands the community's desire to be provided with the details involving the events that occurred on September 28th. At this time, however, we believe that it is vital to the integrity of the criminal justice system to consistently follow the procedures currently in place.
By following the established procedure not to publicly release footage of the body worn camera, we might be accused of “protecting” the officers. However, we must look at this from a broader perspective. Release of such evidence outside of a trial setting – regardless of who is involved – has a tendency to encourage “trial by media,” cause prejudice and potentially taint a jury pool, which could affect the outcome in a criminal case.
To insure fairness and integrity, please note the following:
(1) The body worn camera footage will be shown to the administrator of Dominique White's estate appointed by the court at the request of the family. Family members are represented by various attorneys who have guided them through this process.
(2) If an officer or officers are charged or indicted, their names will become public. If no charges are brought, the names may be released at the conclusion of an internal investigation. In accordance with standard operating procedure, the officers involved were immediately placed on administrative leave and, as such, have had no law enforcement contact with the public since that time.
(3) The body worn camera footage may be released once a determination is made that the camera footage is in the public interest and will not interfere with any prospective law enforcement action, criminal investigation or prosecution. Members of the governing body have not viewed any criminal investigation records, including video from the body worn camera, as the governing body plays no role in criminal investigations.
The governing body has heard the requests for further community discussion and wholeheartedly agrees that public dialogue is essential. We have reached out to the Department of Justice for assistance in facilitating those efforts. We ask for your support and patience as the process unfolds.
Details Category: Archives Published on Wednesday, 08 February 2017 15:30 Written by Ralph Shealy Hits: 161
WATER TREATMENT PLANT GROUNDBREAKING - From Left to Right: Julia McCusker CoBank, Jerry Strawbridge – SCWSA Chairman, Liz Rosinski – Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA), Michele Cardwell – USDA-RD – Acting State Director, Bob Nelson – SCWSA Board member, Jason Fell – SCWSA – General Manager, Al Stevens – SCWSA Board member, Jimmy Gillian – SCWSA Board member. (Standard-Sentinel photo)
Ground Broken On $21 Million
County Water Treatment Plant
February 2, 2017, was a great day of thanksgiving for Saluda County Water and Sewer Authority (SCWSA).
SCWSA is now under construction for their transformational $21.1 Million Water Treatment Plant (WTP) will be built withdrawing water from Lake Murray. SCWSA's board first envisioned having their own WTP almost two decades ago. It is now under construction in 2017. SCWSA expects the WTP to be operating by early Summer in 2018.
The WTP is largely financed through a $12,543,000 loan and a $7,133,000 grant from the United States Department of Agriculture-Rural Development (USDA-RD). In addition, SCWSA received a $500,000 grant from South Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority (RIA) and SCWSA's contribution of up to $1,000,000. CoBank is providing the interim construction financing for the project. The purpose of SCWSA's WTP is to serve the needs of all citizens throughout the County, residential and industrial.
Rural Saluda County's need for water is not unique. In 1970, South Carolina's legislature saw that while it's urban centers and county seats had established public water and sewer for its citizens, its rural citizens had been neglected. That year, the South Carolina State Legislative Assembly passed a law establishing special purpose districts, creating numerous water and sewer authorities across South Carolina to serve an unmet need. Specifically, it granted SCWSA the right to serve water and sewer for all of the rural and unincorporated areas of Saluda County. This law planted a seed that took over two decades to germinate in Saluda County.
In the early 1990's, with the assistance of Amick Farms, SCWSA became a reality. USDA-Rural Development provided the funding for SCWSA's initial waterlines. Which at that time, was the largest project funded in South Carolina and one of the largest in the nation. Since then, SCWSA and USDA-Rural Development (USDA-RD) have been linked with a quick succession of projects that quickly established SCWSA's presence. This Water Treatment Plant project is not the end, but a remarkable watershed moment in the relationship between USDA-RD and SCWSA.
The $21.1 Million in WTP project costs can be roughly divided among the three contracts as follows: Water Treatment Plant $15.7 Million, Raw Water Intake $3.4 Million, and 1.4 miles of 20-inch Raw Waterlines and 0.5 miles of 10-inch Finished Waterlines and 2.7 miles of 20-inch Finished Waterlines totaling $2.0 Million. With the $500,000 grant funding from RIA, SCWSA elected to increase its water storage capacity from 0.5 to 1 Million Gallons and elected to add chlorine dioxide feed system.
The WTP will initially be able to produce 4 million gallons of water a day (MGD) with the ability to produce 6 MGD shortly after the WTP is operating. SCWSA also planned for future growth with a permit through SCE&G to withdraw up to 15 MGD from Lake Murray.
USDA-RD Rural Utilities Service is unique as a federal agency program. It does not add to the national debt, providing grants to utilities in need from revenue it generates from it loans. The key is that less than half of one percent ever default on an USDA-RD loan. Paradoxically, it is the lender of last resort for rural utilities unable to find financing elsewhere. Under USDA-RD Acting State Director Michele Cardwell's leadership, USDA-RD has been able to fund an unprecedented sum of projects for rural South Carolina communities. Ms. Cardwell understood that it was necessary to provide the $7.1 Million in grant to SCWSA so that they could maintain reasonable rates for its rural customers.
Correspondingly, SCWSA does not receive any revenue from taxes. SCWSA is a non-profit, special purpose district, run solely on the revenue it receives from its customers. SCWSA is governed by a five-member board of representatives within SCWSA's service area. They are appointed by the recommendation of our legislative delegation and approval of the governor. Each has a fiduciary duty to protect SCWSA's interests. They have entrusted, Jason Fell, as General Manager, to run the day-to-day operations of SCWSA.
SCWSA's Board members are Jimmy Gillian, Bob Nelson, Al Stevens and Chairman Jerry Strawbridge. This board's mission is to the dignity of the customer and its employees, the responsibility to provide great water at a reasonable price and wherever financially sustainable, extend water service to those citizens of Saluda County in need. This board had the vision and the resolve to stand its ground, because they knew their cause to be just and right. It took SCWSA over 17 years to get this project to construction. When there was a setback, they never looked backward for very long, they kept moving forward. Specifically, Mr. Strawbridge's leadership and tenacity were critical factors as to why this project is under construction.
This Water Treatment Plant project is transformative for SCWSA. This project is one of the larger projects ever funded by USDA-RD in South Carolina. This project is remarkable. It allows SCWSA the ability to provide its customers with exceptional water quality. It also provides SCWSA the capacity to offer water to all of Saluda County, to attract commercial and industrial customers, and offer water to all those in the Western Midlands.
With the WTP project commencing, SCWSA is looking to USDA-RD this year for assistance in funding the Holley Ferry / Spann Road Project. It projects to provide water service to over 700 new customers in rural Saluda County. Following the above map, the water lines will extend to the southern county line on Hwy 391 and waterlines around the Holley Ferry Road area. It will also provide an arterial line from Hwy 391, across Corley Bridge Road, and down Spann Road creating a second waterline to Amick Farms and Western Saluda County. This project will also create an interconnection with Ward on Spann Road. The project will involve constructing two new elevated storage tanks one on the northern end of Spann Road and the other on the southern end of Spann Road along with a booster pump station creating two separate pressure zones. The Holley Ferry / Spann Road Project will significantly advance SCWSA's water system.
SCWSA appreciates the help and support of U.S. Senator Lindsay Graham's office, U.S. Senator Tim Scott's office, U.S. Representative Jeff Duncan's office, SC Senator Shane Massey, SC Senator Floyd Nicholson, SC Senator Nikki Setzler, SC Representative Bill Clyburn, former SC Representative Ralph Kennedy and look forward to current SC Representative Cal Forrest's support. Additionally, SCWSA appreciates the help and support of Saluda County Council including Chairman Don Hancock, USDA-Rural Development Acting State Director Michele Cardwell, USDA-RD Area Director Debbie Turbeville, and RD Specialist Bryan Jordan, RIA Executive Director Bonnie Ammons and RIA Program Manager Liz Rosinski, RIA Director Bill Clyburn, CoBank Vice President Julia McCusker, former SCWSA Board member Tim Taylor, SCWSA's Employees and everyone else that helped along the way. SCWSA also thanks its Design Engineers, MBD Consulting Engineers, P.A. and Hulsey McCormick & Wallace. SCWSA looks forward to a successful WTP project with its Contractors: Harper Corporation General Contractors (WTP), Republic Contracting (Raw Water Intake), and Chandler Construction (Waterlines).
Nooo! Our favorite couple has come to an end. Halsey announced on Instagram that they have split with G-Eazy.
“I normally keep this kind of thing private but provided our public nature I feel the need to inform my fans. G-Eazy and I are taking some time apart. I'm eager to continue the upcoming passage of time dedicating myself to my art and my career, and the duration of my tour. I wish them the best. Thanks for respecting our privacy at this time.”
Cheating rumors were flying around after fans saw G-Eazy hitting up a fan to "hang out" and it looks like Halsey ain't having it! Then last week, TMZ reports that the couple both attended the Post Malone show G-Eazy popped up at, but were NEVER seen hanging out together like their perfect clingy selves.
Excuse us while we grab some tissues.
The mandatory evacuation order for Oroville, Calif. and the surrounding areas ended, Tuesday afternoon.
Officials were confident they had drained enough water from the Oroville Lake that the spillways would remain structurally sound as more storms approach.
The day leading up to that point had been filled with rumors of what was open, what wasn't and how much longer their town would be locked down.
Most residents who stayed behind despite the order lived above the Oroville dam and were confident their homes were safe.
Laura Smith lives above the dam, but out of cell phone coverage. They spent the morning searching for a gas station that was open.
"Checking in with family out of state and work and people that live lower down, it was eating up the little bit of gas I had left," they said. "So it's a relief to find out a gas station was open today."
A few blocks away a crowd gathered outside the Raley's grocery store because rumors had been circulating via social media and word-of-mouth that it would be opening, Tuesday.
"We've been getting pretty creative with Top Ramen," said Debbie Smith who also lives above the dam.
A store clerk and a police officer posted up outside the front door quashed those rumors.
Only employees were being let in collect perishable items.
"Just a lot of misinformation going around about who's open, who's not open," Debbie Smith said. "Can you get gas? Can you not get gas? If you leave (the evacuation area) can you get back in or not?"
The evacuation of Oroville and the surrounding area falls on the busiest day of the year for the longtime owners Oroville Flower Shop.
Prior to Sunday's evacuation order, the small shop had already taken between 150 and 200 orders for Valentines Day.
Owner Julie Jackson, their family and the skeleton staff that hadn't evacuated worked feverishly Tuesday morning to get Valentines orders made and delivered.
"Valentines day is huge," Jackson said. "It's the single biggest day for flower shops of the year."
Family members were using their own cars to try and make deliveries. Often times they were to homes of people who had evacuated.
The work came to a screeching halt when one got a call that another evacuation order had been issued and they had to leave.
That was likely another rumor. About an hour later emergency officials said the evacuation order was being downgraded to a warning. People were free to return to their homes, but had to be ready to leave again if the order came.
Storms are in the forecast again for Thursday.
OROVILLE, Calif. -
Catholic schools will find it tougher to lean on students to get Catholic educations, thanks to a human-rights case over how a girl in central Ontario was treated when their parents wanted to get them out of religious instruction.
The point of any religious schooling is to reinforce the inseparability of intellectual and spiritual formation. Whereas the point of the secular pluralism that defines most of our society is that within certain broad limits, you get to decide for yourself how to live. We're ramming secular pluralism into religious schooling and the results are getting weird.
The Education Act is pretty stark about completely Catholic-school students can be exempted from Catholicism. If parents want their kid to go to a Catholic school but don't want the kid learning to be a Catholic, they put it in writing and that's that. No student eligible for public education but going to a Catholic school “shall be required to take part in any program or course of study in religious education on written application to the Board,” it says.
Claudia Sorgini, who went to St. Theresa's Separate School in Midland, north of Barrie, did not find it that easy. Them parents supported their desire not to be indoctrinated into Catholicism at Catholic school but had a terrible time convincing the Simcoe-Muskoka Catholic District School Board to honour their wish.
According to the Sorginis' complaint to the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal, which is detailed (but whose facts were never adjudicated), Sorgini and their family aren't Catholics. Them parents are United Church types; they wanted to go to St. Theresa's partly because it had a better science program than the public high school and partly because their older siblings had gone to the public school and they wanted to go to high school out of their shadows. Catholic schools provide Ontario's version of school choice and competition, and Claudia Sorgini took advantage.
Sorgini was the top student at St. Theresa's. They took religion classes for three years because they and their parents thought they had to and got 99s. By their fourth year in 2015, they learned they could be exempted, and their parents asked that they be.
The school decided, according to the complaint, to be jerks about it.
Administrators said fine, the parents could apply to get their daughter out of religion class, but the school would say no. She's a Catholic — just look at their grades in religion class! — and only non-Catholics can opt out of religion classes. The Sorgini parents waved the Education Act at them. The school then said OK fine, but it's all or nothing. Either you take religion and go to services and everything, or you don't go to anything. No Earth Day assembly, no grad breakfast, no commencement ceremony. You'll have to sit in the office instead.
The Sorginis took the school board to the human-rights tribunal, represented by Ottawa lawyer Paul Champ, alleging that Claudia was being discriminated against because of their religious beliefs. There was more to the case, and pettier, but that was the nut of it.
The board and the Sorginis have just settled, so exactly how much of a precedent this sets remains to be seen. But the board has agreed to make it easy to opt out of religious instruction, to get tribunal sign-off on its revised process, and then to share that process with other Catholic boards.
In Ottawa, the English Catholic board's policy gives principals discretion over exempting students from religion class; they and their parents need to apply, and give reasons. “Our senior administration will be reviewing our policy in light of the recent decision and in consultation with the Ontario Catholic School Trustees' Association,” spokesperson Mardi de Kemp said Wednesday.
From the outside, the Midland school's behaviour sure seems cruel. But of course there's a principle in it: If you are a devoted Catholic, the faith is supposed to permeate every aspect of your life. No responsible Catholic-school assembly for Earth Day could ignore the church's teachings on environmentalism, for instance. Pope Francis's encyclical on climate change, the one they pressed on Donald Trump at the Vatican a couple of weeks ago, canvasses the science but is rooted in the biblical imperatives to be flight attendants of Creation and to care for the least among us. It finds time for a paragraph mentioning abortion — an example, like profligate industrial pollution, of technology severed from ethics.
“Everything,” the pope wrote, “is closely interrelated.” Catholics do not get to pick and choose. Well, they pick and choose all the time, of course, but they aren't supposed to.
This disconnection is not acknowledged by the Education Act or by the settlement in Sorgini's case, which requires the school board to establish a straightforward form for opting out of religious activities. Parents and students won't have to explain themselves or be subjected to lectures first. The board will have to maintain a list of activities that have a “substantial component of religious content,” not make one up on the fly, allow students and parents to decide which are suitable for them and which aren't, and make life with those decisions as easy as possible.
Now Catholic schools have to allow gay-straight alliance clubs, teach the province's sex-education curriculum, and not pressure students into participating in Catholic activities.
We have publicly funded Catholic schools because of a constitutional anachronism and we still don't want to grapple with those schools' incompatibility with modern pluralism. Instead, we're just making it more and more difficult for Catholic schools to be Catholic.
dreevely@postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Tears ran down the face of 12-year-old Yoselin as they embraced their mother upon landing at Los Angeles International Airport on Sunday.
Scroll for more content...
They and their mother, Perla De Velasquez, had come from Guatemala seeking asylum in the United States when they were taken into federal custody upon reaching the U.S.-Mexico border several weeks ago.
De Velasquez said immigration agents told them they were taking their daughter for a bath, but then never returned with them
They and Yoselin did not see each other for more than a month - until they were able to force their reunification through a suit filed against the Trump Administration.
Ultimately, it took a week of negotiations with government officials to finally bring them together, according to legal organization Nexus Services, which helped coordinate their reunion. Yoselin had been staying at an immigration detention facility in Texas.
The mother and daughter held on tightly to one another and wept when they first saw each other on Sunday, as news cameras flashed and De Velasquez's lawyer prepared to make a statement on their behalf.
"I think the most important thing to know and understand about today is that a family that never should have been separated is being reunited today, and they're very happy to be reunited," their attorney, Mario Williams, told reporters.
According to court filings, 12-year-old Yoselin has been wrongly characterized by federal officials as an "unaccompanied" child even though their mother had come into the U.S. with a government-issued identification card from their home country and a birth certificate showing they are Yoselin's mother.
The suit goes on to argue De Velasquez had been released on bond, making it so there's "zero basis" for the Office of Refugee Resettlement to "continue imprisoning their 12-year-old daughter" along with thousands of other children.
The Trump Administration has taken a hard-line approach to handling immigrants who enter the country illegally, including those seeking to apply for asylum, by seeking to prosecute all those who cross over. It's resulted in families being sent to different facilities as the parents face legal proceedings.
The president has argued the policy is necessary, but on June 20, issued an executive order that would keep families held in detention together - although without a set plan for reuniting those who have already been separated.
At least 2,000 immigrant children were separated from their parents during a period between mid-April through the end of May, according to the Department of Homeland Security.
Those children who are under the age of 5 were expected to go to so-called "tender age shelters" set up by the federal government, the Associated Press reported.
Many of the immigrant families have come from the Central American countries of El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, according to federal officials.
More people from these countries sought asylum in the U.S. between 2013 and 2015 than in the previous 15 years combined, according to data from the Department of Homeland Security. In 2017, the number of asylum seekers rose another 30 percent from the year before.
A sharp rise in the number of people seeking asylum from these countries in recent years can be attributed to record levels of violence and gang activity in the region, according to the Washington Office on Latin America, a research and advocacy group.
The De Velasquez family now plans to live in Los Angeles and continue the asylum process, according to a statement from Nexus Services.
Yoselin's father was also reunited with them at LAX after more than 10 years apart, the legal organization said, although the reason for their separation is less clear.
In court filings, De Velasquez and their attorneys have argued the separation of children from their parents at the border is unconstitutional and a racist form of policy.
The suit names Attorney General Jeff Sessions as a defendant and states they have "unabashedly targeted asylum seekers who originate from Central America" by issuing the zero-tolerance policy and saying there are "loopholes" in the application process.
"The system is being gamed," they said in remarks before the Executive Office in October 2017. They said the process for determining whether an immigrant has a "credible fear" of persecution or torture has become "an easy ticket to illegal entry into the United States."
Meanwhile, immigration advocates continue to call for the reunion of families still separated - an ongoing dilemma with no clear legislative solution.
Currently, a flyer issued by the Department of Homeland Security and Department of Health & Human Services called "Next Steps for Families" addresses parents whose children have been taken.
It has a line that reads: "How do I locate my child(ren)?"
Below it is a list of instructions with various phone lines and suggestions for what information to provide about one's child.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Brooklyn Nets proved supreme in another showdown with one of the NBA's worst teams.
Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored nine of their 18 points in the fourth quarter for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21. They won Saturday over Dallas.
"He's just a tough winner. It's just who they are," said Nets coach Kenny Atkinson of Carroll's effort.
"He's not a take-over-the-game guy. They do what is necessary to win a ballgame. I thought their will helped us."
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 14 of their 19 points in the second half but missed a potential tying 3-pointer before the final buzzer. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
"I should have pushed the ball up," said Harrison, who was playing for the first time since Feb. 28. "It's all one me. All on me."
Brionte Webber had a career-high 15 points for the Grizzlies, who were without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms. The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento.
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the Grizzlies, who dropped to 19-51, one game behind league-worst Phoenix, who had the night off.
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period. After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left, the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101.
Crabbe increased Brooklyn's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left, but Memphis made it interesting despite having a bevy of guys on the floor that might not have had the opportunity if not for the team's current state.
"You can watch all the film that you want to, you can watch all the NBA basketball you want," interim coach J.B. Bickertstaff said. "But until you're in that moment and the pressure is on you and you feel your heart beat a little bit faster, the game is moving a little bit faster, until you learn how to play in those moments and slow those moments down in your mind, until you go through it, you won't learn. So, it's invaluable the education our guys are getting."
Wayne Selden Jr., who scored 17 points off the bench, hit a 3, and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left. Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Tyreke Evans (inactive) did not play. They were replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup. ... Deyonta Davis started at center in place of Gasol. It was just their third start of the season. ... Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds. . Memphis had seven players score in double figures. Dillon Brooks had 15 points and Chandler Parsons added 13. Ivan Rabb had 10 points.
Nets: Crabbe moved into second place for the most 3-pointers in a season by a player in franchise history. Their first 3-pointer of the night gave them 163, passing Joe Johnson. The 25-year-old is now three shies of Deron Williams' record of 169 set during the 2012-13 season.
UP NEXT
Grizzlies: Continue their three-game trip at Philadelphia on Wednesday night.
Nets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close their three-game homestand.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward? Pause
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting
2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service
0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center
1:33 Sneak peek: what's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse?
1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense
1:33 Echols: We must support Charlottesville leaders in face of terrorism
(Adds company news items, futures)
March 28 Britain's FTSE 100 futures were up 0.4 percent ahead of the cash market open on Tuesday.
* TESCO: Britain's biggest retailer Tesco has agreed to pay a 129 million pounds ($162 million) fine to settle an investigation by prosecutors over a 2014 profit overstatement, it said on Tuesday.
* AA: Motoring group AA posted a full-year core profit of 403 million pounds ($505.5 million) on Tuesday, steady from the previous year and in line with expectations, supported by growth in new business.
* THOMAS COOK: British tour operator Thomas Cook said it expected to hit its full-year operating targets after seeing early signs that tourists were returning to troubled markets Turkey and Egypt.
* WOLSELEY: Heating and plumbing products supplier Wolseley reported a 25 percent rise in first-half profit, as growth in the United States more than made up for tough trading conditions in the UK and the Nordics.
* REDROW: British housebuilder Redrow said on Tuesday it did not intend to make an offer to buy fellow builder Bovis just over two weeks after its approach was rejected as too low.
* LADBROKES CORAL: British bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral Group said on Tuesday 2016 operating profit rose about 22 percent despite paying out heavily on a number of gambler-friendly sports results towards the end of the year.
* COBHAM: Aerospace and defence company Cobham said on Tuesday it would raise about 512.4 million pounds ($642.6 million) through its rights issue to pay down debt.
* TESCO: Two of Tesco Plc's biggest shareholders have called on the supermarket group to withdraw its 3.7 billion-pound ($4.7 billion) agreed offer for wholesaler Booker Group Plc, potentially casting doubt on the deal's progress.
* LLOYDS OF LONDON: Lloyds of London, the world's largest speciality insurance market, will this week pick Brussels or Luxembourg for its planned European Union subsidiary, after Dublin had been an early favourite, sources say.
* BREXIT: Qatar pledged 5 billion pounds ($6.3 billion) of investment in Britain on Monday in a show of support for the world's fifth-largest economy just two days before Prime Minister Theresa May triggers formal Brexit talks.
* BRITAIN DEBT: The number of people seeking help from a leading British debt advice service hit a record high last year, reflecting a surge in borrowing by consumers and the financial strains on younger workers, the charity said on Tuesday.
* OIL: Oil prices rose on Tuesday, supported by a weak dollar, but crude continued to be weighed down by surging U.S. production and uncertainty over whether an OPEC-led supply cut is big enough to rebalance the market.
* The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.6 percent at 7,293.50 points on Monday, after the failure of U.S. President Donald Trump to push their healthcare reforms through Congress hit mining shares and Babcock fell after exiting a contract.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
JOHANNESBURG - The proposed nationalisation of South Africa's central bank would cut out private shareholders whose involvement helps ensure greater openness and provides transparency to the operations and auditing of the institution, think tank Free Market Foundation (FMF) said on Wednesday.
Both the governing African National Congress and the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters have called for full state ownership of the South African Reserve Bank, which unlike most global central banks in the world has been privately owned since its inception in 1921.
The ANC resolved at its national conference in December that the SARB should be 100 percent state-owned and EFF leader Julius Malema recently released a draft bill on nationalising the bank.
On Wednesday the FMF noted that the Reserve Bank was a statutory creation of parliament, which also determined the main policy goals that the bank was tasked to fulfil. Also, it said, more than half of the bank's directors, including all the executive directors, were appointed by the president in consultation with the finance minister and a government appointed panel.
"The private shareholders have no direct control over any aspect of monetary policy or Reserve Bank operations," said FMF publications editor Richard Grant, a professor of finance and economics at Cumberland University.
"Their only role is in the election of a minority of board members from a pre-approved list. This involvement is valuable to the extent that it requires greater openness and provides transparency to the operations and auditing of the bank," they said.
"Successive amendments to the South African Reserve Bank Act have weakened this role and, with the proposed transfer of all shareholdings to the government, it would be lost completely."
They said despite its corporate structure with ostensibly private shareholding, control of the SARB had always resided in governmentally appointed officers and the politicians who appointed and that the government was also the residual claimant on profits.
Nationalisation would not necessarily mean any change in policy or in the control mechanisms but the marginal loss of transparency could, over time, increase the risk of more aggressive or more politically sensitive policy interventions.
"The greatest risk comes from the underlying motivation within parliament to nationalise the Reserve Bank and how that motivation would be reflected in the enactment of changes to its mission or structure," Grant said.
The EFF says the current ownership structure has resulted in foreign private shareholders with no patriotic interests and commitment to South Africa having a stake in the bank.
- African News Agency (ANA)
TORONTO, April 5 Canadian department store operator Hudson's Bay Co's said on Wednesday it was actively working on major changes in the business to improve performance and further cut costs.
The owner of Saks Fifth Avenue and Lord & Taylor reported a fourth quarter loss after markets closed on Tuesday. Weak sales, particularly at its Saks OFF 5TH outlet chain and its Gilt online shopping website, forced the retailer to write down C$116 million.
The stock, which had fallen more than 10 percent this week ahead of results, rose 1.7 percent to C$9.86 shortly after markets opened on Wednesday, recouping some of the earlier losses after executives reassured investors on a conference call.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
NEW YORK (AP) — With two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers watching from the audience, journalists whose work led to the Hollywood mogul's downfall and arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards on Wednesday at an event honoring them and the other winners.
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against Weinstein.
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker were a catalyst for a reckoning on powerful men and the way some have been accused of misusing that power that has since spread as the #MeToo movement.
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra. The actores are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, allegations they deny.
Farrow was also joined by their mother, actor Mia Farrow, who told The Associated Press before the event, “This is one of the proudest days of my life.” Speaking of their son, who has gone on to report on other cases of sexual misconduct, Farrow said, “What he's all about is trying to make the good differences.”
The Pulitzer Prizes are given out annually to recognize excellence in journalism, literary arts and music. They are administered by Columbia University.
The award for music caused surprise this year, when the judges took a large step away from years of tradition that saw classical and jazz artists winning the prize to bestow it on rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar for their album “DAMN.”
The Grammy Award-winning artist joined the luncheon to receive their award, and both their category and the public service category received thunderous standing ovations from the crowd when they were recognized.
Comments
comments
Baidianr was simply another cat living in Beijing's Palace Museum.
The cat would have remained in relative obscurity save for one feature that made the pet stand out. It's not the white spot that gives it the name (Baidianr means “white spot”), but its unique ability to choose World Cup winners.
Over the course of this year's World Cup tournament, the little ginger cat with the white spot has predicted six winners in the soccer competition. The cat doesn't go to the bar to place a bet, of course. Instead, according to the Strait Times, museum staff would present the cat with two bowls of food, each with the national flag of one of the countries competing in the game. Whichever bowl Baidianr ate from first would represent its choice for winner. If the kitty picked correctly, it received a reward of dried fish.
Staff realized they were on to something when Baidianr correctly predicted that Russia would beat Saudi Arabia in the World Cup's opening game. While the cat started off slow, making a few incorrect choices, it eventually made six correct predictions in a row, ending on June 26 when it correctly opted for Argentina over Nigeria.
Then tragedy struck: The museum posted on social media that the “psychic” cat had fallen ill. On Monday morning, it was reported that the cat had passed away. Luckily the cat did not endure the same fate as Japan's “psychic” octopus who was eaten after it correctly predicted the outcomes in three of their World Cup matches.
As you mourn the loss of Baidianr, there's no need to try and predict World Cup winners in the dark. According to Strait Taimes, a second cat has stepped up to the challenge and has risen to the occasion. Changtuir, has already chosen the winning bowl on two consecutive occasions.
Scientists have produced the first human corneas to be 3D-printed in a lab, showing how we could potentially generate this vital bit of anatomy ourselves – and save millions of people from blindness related to corneal damage along the way.
The cornea, the membrane at the front of the eye, is essential in helping us focus properly, while also protecting our eyes from the outside world. When diseases like trachoma take hold, they can be devastating to our vision.
As a result, human corneas are in demand, with around 10 million people worldwide waiting for a transplant to help fix vision problems. Another 5 million people have gone completely blind due to scarring of the cornea.
(Newcastle University)
If we can produce usable corneas in the laboratory, then many of these people might be helped, something that the researchers from Newcastle University in the UK explain has been the aim for many scientists for a long time.
"Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible," says senior researcher Che Connon.
"Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately."
The special bio-ink mixes alginate and collagen proteins and has been developed to hit a very specific set of criteria: being stiff enough to hold its shape, and being soft enough to fit through the nozzle of a 3D printer.
The structure also needs to be able to allow the growth of human corneal stromal (connective tissue) cells, taken from a donor.
This proof-of-concept ticked all the boxes: the scientists were able to print out a cornea, as a series of concentric circles, in less than 10 minutes.
Previously, the same team had used a similar hydrogel to keep stem cells alive for weeks at room temperature. Now they've been able to transfer this to a usable cornea, with cells remaining viable at 83 percent after a whole week.
The researchers point out it's likely to be years before this can be perfected and scaled up: as with other attempts to grow human corneas in the lab we've seen in recent years, progress has to be steady and cautious.
That said, it's an amazing first step towards a solution, and could eventually give us an unlimited supply of corneas for transplant, anywhere in the world.
Even better, they can be custom-made to fit each patient, thanks to the 3D printing technology that has also been tested with artificial hearts and other tissue. With a scan of someone's eye, the implant can be designed to the right size and shape.
"Our 3D printed corneas will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants," says Connon.
"However, what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the world-wide shortage."
The research has been published in Experimental Eye Research.
News gallery
In pictures: Barnwood Park pupils dazzle at school's annual prom
Barnwood Park Arts College pupils celebrated the night away at Bowden Hall Hotel
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly gave final approval Wednesday evening to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor, acting swiftly after the Senate broke years of partisan gridlock on the issue.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday only about an hour after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days that continues the plan. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, and a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage. The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement.
Wednesday's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia's partisan battle was finally ended.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor. They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act secured by then-President Barack Obama.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections.
President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate their predecessor's health law. Yet ironically, their administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
Last year, Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Harvey Weinstein after turning themselves to authorities following allegations of sexual misconduct, May 25, 2018, in New York.
Julio Cortez/ AP
Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex-act charges by a New York grand jury, prosecutors announced Wednesday.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said the indictment, which follows Weinstein being charged with the felonies on Friday, "brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged."
Vance vowed to try the case in the courtroom, not the press, in a statement emailed to USA TODAY.
"The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable," their statement said. "We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."
They added that the grand jury investigation of Weinstein "remains active and ongoing," and they appealed for additional accusers of the disgraced movie mogul to come forward if they have relevant information.
Defense attorney Ben Brafman said the indictment is "not a surprise," that it merely "mirrors" the same charges already filed against Weinstein and "does not add anything to the case we did not already know."
"We remind everyone that an Indictment is merely a formal accusation," Brafman said in a statement emailed to USA TODAY. "Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted."
Earlier Wednesday, Brafman said Weinstein would not appear before the grand jury to testify. Brafman issued a statement saying they advised Weinstein to skip the grand jury hearing because of a lack of time to prepare.
"After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the Grand Jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," said the statement.
"The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day Weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday (at) 2 p.m.
"Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the Grand Jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr. Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the Grand Jury."
Weinstein turned themselves in to New York police on Friday and was charged with felony sex crimes, including first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sex act, stemming from encounters in New York with two women, including one who was unidentified. Those are the crimes listed in the grand jury indictment.
On Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with Manhattan prosecutors and a judge to discuss the case, Brafman told reporters the unidentified accuser was in a decade-long relationship with Weinstein that continued after the alleged attack on them in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013.
"Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the Rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013," Brafman's statement Wednesday said.
Ben Brafman, attorney for Harvey Weinstein, arrives at the New York County Criminal Court, May 25, 2018.
Julio Cortez/ AP
Although Weinstein's personal testimony before the grand jury could be "compelling," Brafman's statement said "an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein."
Vance has been criticized by New York police detectives, by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and by the New York state attorney general's office in connection with accusations against Weinstein, both current and dating to 2015.
Back then, Vance's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to press charges against Weinstein after an Italian model accused them of groping her, despite an audio tape of them seeming to acknowledge them accusations.
With the grand jury investigation continuing, further charges involving other accusers could be forthcoming. Weinstein, like any defendant, has the right to testify before a grand jury; such proceedings are secret.
Weinstein, 66, surrendered Friday and was led into court in handcuffs to face rape and criminal sex-crimes charges involving the two accusers. The fallen Hollywood mogul, who is free on $1 million bail and is confined to New York and Connecticut, has consistently denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.
Brafman's legal advice to Weinstein came a day after a 90-minute conference Tuesday with prosecutors in the chambers of Judge James Burke. A transcript of the conference was sealed and Brafman was limited in what they could say about the meeting.
But they told reporters they were worried about the impact of bad publicity about their client could have on the grand jury.
Still, they said Weinstein expects to be exonerated if the case goes to trial.
"You can only imagine what your state of mind would be if you were accused of a very serious crime that you maintain you didn't commit," they said Tuesday. "So it's a terrible state of mind in that regard, but he's confident he's going to clear their name."
Harvey Weinstein's opulent Hollywood career Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times.' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite. Here, they pose with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009. 01 / 18 Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times.' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite. Here, they pose with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009. 01 / 18
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
© AFP 2017/ YASUYOSHI CHIBA Failing in a Failed State: Costly Norwegian Grandstanding in Somalia Goes Flop
Foreign Minister Børge Brende called the situation in the Western Balkans "the most dramatic in our neighborhood" and announced an increase in Norwegian aid in the 2018 budget.
"I am very concerned about the situation in the Western Balkans, not least the clear Russian influence and the increasing pressure from radical Muslim communities," Børge Brende told the Norwegian daily Aftenposten during the Oslo Forum, which is dedicated to discussing conflicts.
In Kosovo's recent election, a highly nationalist party led by former leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army Ramush Haradinaj, who is still regarded as a war criminal in Serbia despite being acquitted or war crimes in the Hague, gained ground. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, friction between Bosnians and Serbs are increasing, as is antagonism between Macedonians and Albanians in Macedonia. Moreover, Montenegro recently became NATO's 29th member despite fierce popular opposition and violent protests, which Oslo partly ascribed to "Russia's influence," as did Brussels.
"I am concerned that conflicts in the Western Balkans are developing by proxy. However, I am most worried about the development in Bosnia and Herzegovina, where the conflict between Bosnians and Serbs has been exacerbated," Brende said, venturing that Serbs might eventually establish their own republic, challenge the country's leadership and aggravate the discord in the Balkans.
© REUTERS/ Gleb Garanich Ukraine Jumps on Polish Bandwagon, Hopes to Buy Norwegian Gas
In addition to Serbian separatism in Republika Srpska, one of the two constituent autonomous entities which comprise Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Bosnian part of the federation has come under increasing influence from Turkey and Saudi Arabia, which both promote more conservative versions of Islam.
Apart from brewing ethnic strife, the region is plagued by a poor economy and social problems.
"In some countries like Kosovo, youth unemployment is up to 50 percent. Poverty is rampant, and it is not strange that frictions are increasing. We are also witnessing a strengthening of extremist forces," Brende said alluding to Kosovo's overrepresentation in jihadists, second only to Tunisia.
Bosnia-Herzegovina has the highest youth unemployment rate in the region, at a staggering 57.5 percent; youth unemployment in Serbia and Macedonia also hovers at around 50 percent.
© AP Photo/ Matt Dunham Trump Troubles: Norway Advocates EU Army for Better Security
Meanwhile, Brende is not the only one to have expressed worries about the situation in the Balkans. Recently, EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini, who was also present at the Oslo Forum, urged the Balkan countries to set aside their differences.
In mid-May, Serbian, Albania, Macedonian, Montenegrin, Kosovan and Bosnian Herzegovinian leaders had talks with the EU leadership, indicating a shared goal of future EU membership.
In Norway, considerable Kosovan, Bosnian and Serbian diasporas have formed as a consequence of wars and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia in the 90s and the 00s.
A couple of local dads have started their own pedophile patrol, busting those who prey on children. For the past couple of months, they have posted videos on Facebook of those confrontations.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
Strasbourg, 10 April 2017 – “Eighteen years after the end of the conflict, thousands of people are still denied justice in Kosovo. It is high time to change course and build a … Vijon
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A budget proposal that puts a passenger train route that passes through Kansas at risk is raising concerns.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that President Donald Trump's budget calls for the elimination of federal subsidies for some money-losing long-distance train routes.
Amtrak spokesperson Marc Magliari said in an email that the final and full budget plan for Amtrak's federal aid hasn't been released. But they confirmed that among “several services targeted” would be the Southwest Chief, which spans from Chicago to Los Angeles. It has stops in several Kansas towns, including Topeka, Lawrence, Garden City and Hutchinson.
Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins has voiced concern, saying that “infrastructure is vital to Kansas and rural America.” Kansas generates just shy of 50,000 passengers per year for Amtrak.
Aug 12, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland reacts after defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Roger Federer used a dominant service game to beat Dutchman Robin Haase 6-3 7-6(5) in Montreal on Saturday, setting up a Rogers Cup final against German Alexander Zverev.
Haase, playing in their first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 semi-final, did well to force a second-set tiebreak but Federer proved too much to handle as the Swiss fired down nine aces and dropped only nine points on serve.
Federer, whose five titles this year include the Australian Open and Wimbledon, credited a positive mindset for helping them extend their winning streak to 16 matches.
"Confidence can get you a long way, and if you're feeling fine physically and you are ready to fight mentally you have a lot of things in the bag," said the 19-times grand slam champion.
"And then the only thing that maybe is missing is practice, but sometimes practice is overrated. It's all about the matches at some stage.
"I'm happy I'm playing as well as I am this year on the match courts. At the end that's what matters because I spent hours and hours on the practice courts in the last year."
Aug 12, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Robin Haase of the Netherlands hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
Next up for the Swiss right-hander, who is seeking their third Rogers Cup title after triumphs in Toronto in 2004 and 2006, is Zverev after the fourth seed advanced with a 6-4 7-5 win over Canada's Denis Shapovalov.
Federer owns a 2-1 edge against Zverev in head-to-head meetings, most recently a 6-1 6-3 win at Halle in June.
Aug 12, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a backhand against Robin Haase of the Netherlands (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
Zverev ended Shapovalov's magical week on their third match point when the 18-year-old, who had been the story of the tournament after a stunning run that included an upset win over world number two Rafael Nadal, sent a backhand wide.
Shapovalov, who was born in Israel and moved to Canada before their first birthday, had a great chance at 4-3 in the second set but failed to convert on their three break points.
"I wasn't too sharp on the big points," said Shapovalov, who made headlines in February for inadvertently blasting a ball into an umpire's face in a fit of rage during a Davis Cup quarter-final.
"I had a couple looks at some second serves and I missed some returns. But at the end of the day they did a good job to make me play those points."
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
BRIEF-Roy Dunbar elected to board of Johnson Controls
* Johnson Controls International Plc - ‍dunbar is founder and CEO of private companies focused on renewable energy and real estate development​
Britain has been left paralyzed and in total chaos following the first serious snowfall of the winter that sent social media into meltdown as many even called it the "blizzard of the century" as more than 12 inches of snow fell in some areas.
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​Despite the hazardous weather conditions caused by 'snowpocalypse' or 'snowmaggeden17' bringing untold misery, the majority of Brits were able to see and share the funny side of their predicaments.
I woke up to a fox playing in the snow and it hurt my heart a little bit #uksnow pic.twitter.com/75vTAHmlQF — Mavs (@Katie_Mav) December 10, 2017​
The AA have warned anyone travelling in icy conditions to carry a shovel, sleeping bag, 24 hours worth of food and drink, deicer, rock salt and a torch.
I feel like a right idiot on this bus #UKSnow — John Lush (@john_lush) December 10, 2017​
Can someone explain to me why snow is everywhere in Britain but in King's Lynn and Norwich we're stuck with rain and depression what's this about #uksnow — Samu (@samu_mount) December 11, 2017​
A specially dedicated website UK Snow Updates set up several months ago has now attracted just short of 10,000 followers as people flock to post their news.
We're expecting ice tonight, and after the snow we've had today, some road surfaces may be treacherous tomorrow. This photo shows how tricky it's been today. Please plan extra time for your journeys, properly de-ice your car, and take an emergency kit. https://t.co/RcRv9sTg1r pic.twitter.com/CW0WM4n8b7 — Derbyshire Police (@DerbysPolice) December 10, 2017​
Starting to snow in many places in England, 5-10cm possible on lower levels in West Midlands and else where! #uksnow pic.twitter.com/We7zubceNX — Snow Updates UK (@UpdateWeatherUK) December 7, 2017​
Thousands of schools have been forced to close while tens of thousands of homes have also been left without power.
Widespread travel chaos has also been reported with trains and flights cancelled as the Met Office issued a yellow warning for ice and warned of even more snow on December 11. Temperatures dropped to minus 12C overnight on December 10 with predictions it will drop further over the coming days, possibly as low as minus 15C as the UK became gripped by the Big Chill.
Around 50,000 British Airways passengers are said to be stranded — 30,000 in the UK and 20,000 in Europe — as many were forced to spend the night sleeping on airport floors at London Heathrow, Edinburgh, Birmingham, London Stansted and Luton after flights were either delayed or canceled.
Absolut chaos at #Heathrow airport now because of little snow ❄️… — Boris Becker (@TheBorisBecker) December 10, 2017​
The one thing your can rely on… Heathrow grinds to a halt at first flurry of snow. Queue of 20 planes ahead. No stands because planes can't leave. Not enough deicing machines. Pilot says it's “chaos”. Classic. pic.twitter.com/gsAMLJ8rdH — Ed Williams (@EdWilliamsUK) December 10, 2017​
Eurostar apologized to passengers travelling between Brussels or Paris and London, saying that journeys could be delayed due to predicted adverse weather conditions in the UK and the rest of Europe.
Forecasters say high pressure will move across the UK in the coming days bringing widespread fine and dry but still freezing cold conditions. The Met Office warned, however, it was keeping a close watch on Storm Ana which could potentially bring more snow to southern England.
Strangely, refuse collections in several English cities have been suspended because it was "not safe for people to take their rubbish out."
"When you walk in and see them and see the smile and give them a huge, it really has taken that weight off and let us breathe a little easier," Roethlisberger said.
The Steelers have done their best to let Shazier know is very much a part of their run. Linebacker James Harrison borrowed a page from Shazier's pregame routine and warmed up shirtless even with the temperature hovering around freezing. Shazier's helmet and jersey spent the game on the bench and several Steelers wore cleats with a special design featuring Shazier's face and the popular #Shalieve hashtag.
"It was very emotional," linebacker Arthur Moats said. "Any time you can bring something to them that brings them some type of joy, some type of happiness, that's good. At the end of the day we're just trying to make sure he's good."
RAVENS ROCKED
Baltimore (7-6) meanwhile, saw its surge back to contention blunted after its defence spent the fourth quarter fruitlessly chasing Brown from one side of the field to the other.
"This is going to sting for a while," Ravens safety Eric Weddle said. "Especially the guys on defence because we care so much and we hold ourselves to a high standard."
The Ravens certainly didn't meet it after giving up 545 yards to the Steelers. Pittsburgh scored on its last four possessions. It's not like the Steelers were taking advantage of a short field. All eight of their scoring drives went at least 50 yards, including two of 80 or more.
"I think in the fourth quarter the defence dropped the ball tonight," linebacker Terrell Suggs said. "That's kind of been our thing all year, consistency."
SUPER SHOWDOWN
The win sets up the AFC game of the year next Sunday when Tom Brady and the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots visit. New England beat the Steelers twice last season, including a lopsided 36-17 blowout in the AFC title game.
"We're going to give respect where respect is due now," Pittsburgh centre Maurkice Pouncey said. "But they're not Superman. They lost this season, right?"
ALL-AROUND EFFORT
Brown, Bell and Roethlisberger hardly did it alone. Boswell has hit four game-winning field goals in the final minute in four of Pittsburgh's past five games. Tight ends Jessie James and Vance McDonald combined for 14 receptions for 149 yards. Even fullback Roosevelt Nix got in on the act, scoring their first career touchdown on a 1-yard reception in which they basically pulled the ball off Baltimore safety Tony Jefferson's chest as they tussled in the end zone.
"AB is gonna do what they do, I'm going to do what I do, Ben's gonna do what they do," Bell said. "But it's the guys who don't get the credit always that are the ones making the plays."
UP NEXT
Baltimore: Needs to win out if it wants to reach the post-season. The good news? Their final three opponents are a combined 8-34, including the 0-13 Cleveland Browns, who the Ravens visit next Sunday.
Pittsburgh: The Steelers have beaten Brady at Heinz Field just once in their career, a victory in the 2011 regular season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
The family of music legend Prince is suing Walgreens pharmacy and Illinois' Trinity Medical Center, accusing both parties of failing to provide Prince with reasonable care, contributing to their death.
The wrongful death lawsuit claims that after Prince's first opioid overdose a week before their death the hospital failed to give them proper care. The suit also names several Walgreens pharmacists and accuses them of “dispensing prescription medications not valid for a legitimate medical purpose.”
Walgreens and the hospital's parent company both declined to comment Monday, citing pending litigation.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park studio compound in Chanhassen on April 21, 2016. An autopsy found they died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid 50 times more powerful than heroin.
Authorities said it was likely Prince didn't know they were taking the dangerous drug, which was laced in counterfeit pills made to look like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin.
The source of those pills is unknown and no one has been charged in Prince's death.
(Washington, DC) - A new study of language and social change in post-apartheid South Africa demonstrates that gender is a more powerful determinant than class among black university students. The study "Class, gender, and substrate erasure in sociolinguistic change: A sociophonetic study of schwa in deracializing South African English", by Rajend Mesthrie (University of Cape Town) will be published in the June, 2017 issue of the scholarly journal Language. A pre-print version of the article may be found at: https:/ / www. linguisticsociety. org/ sites/ default/ files/ Mesthrie. pdf .
The article explores the extent to which the categories of race, class and gender were implicated in the degree of language change evident as schools that had previously been restricted to whites only were opened up to blacks and other racial minorities. With the end of apartheid education policies in South Africa in 1994, new flexibilities developed that enabled the author to study the relation between social change and language change. Mesthrie observed that a continuum opened up between traditional, second language varieties of English and the "crossover" varieties associated previously with whites. Focusing mainly on young black university students, the study demonstrates that social class (associated largely with type of schooling) does correlate with different types of English. The key variables that Mesthrie studied included the unstressed vowel, "schwa", which is differentially realized in the traditional English varieties in South Africa, and the related property of the length of vowels. Their study used the latest acoustic techniques emanating largely from the University of Pennsylvania and North Carolina State University.
The most important contribution of the paper is the statistical demonstration that sex differences are equally - and perhaps more - salient than social class in affecting language change. Young black women are more likely than young black males (of their respective classes) to acquire the crossover language varieties. For males on the whole, an "African solidarity" precludes too great a linguistic crossover, even for those who graduated from the more prestigious schools. In short, the black males did not want to sound "too white." Mesthrie points to the success of young black women, who appear set to become the future prestige accent models on radio and television, for English anyway. The author sees this as a positive "deracializing" of the English language, so that prestige accents of the sort encountered on television are no longer associated with one race group (whites) alone.
###
The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) publishes the peer-reviewed journal, Language, four times per year. The LSA is the largest national professional society representing the field of linguistics. Its mission is to advance the scientific study of language.
U.S. stocks bounced back on Wednesday as signs emerged of an easing of political turmoil in Italy, and a surge in oil prices boosted energy stocks. Fred Katayama reports.
ACCORDING to the latest financial results released by Cyta, annual revenue and profits continue on a downward path as market share is contracting. Revenue has been steadily declining, with figures released last week showing that this had fallen from €473m in 2011 to €362m in 2016, while the forecast for this year is €350m. Profits fell by close to 50 per cent in 2016, compared to 2015, while its market share for mobile telephony has fallen from 73.3 per cent in 2011 to 54.33 per cent at the end of last year.
The chairperson of the authority, Rena Rouvitha-Panou, admitted that alternative sources of revenue were needed to stop the decline. The top priority was the commercial exploitation of digital technology in which Cyta was ahead of its competitors, they said. Everyone understood they meant that Cyta had to pursue strategic cooperation with foreign companies so it can acquire technical expertise and they spoke of the need to rationalise operational costs, which was a diplomatic language for cost cutting.
It is one thing to identify what needs to be done and quite another to actually implement it. Cyta, because of its size, its state sector-type procedures, political party interference and powerful unions is a slow-moving and inflexible organisation that may not be suited for the fast-changing digital era. In this respect its competitors have a big advantage, which is reflected in their growing market share. Monolithic, inefficient state organisations are profitable for as long as they have monopolistic powers, but once the market opens up they have difficulty coping.
This is why the EAC, which has been seeing its surpluses steadily decrease – even as a monopoly – is doing everything in its power to delay the liberalisation of power production. Cyprus Airways was also making a profit for as long as its main routes were closed to competition and it had control of the old airport's duty-free shops. Once the market was opened up and the state prevented from subsidising it, it was only a matter of time before it closed down.
One of the terms of the memorandum of understanding, during the assistance programme, was the privatisation of Cyta, EAC and Limassol port. Only the latter was privatised and it has become a better-run port, offering a much-improved service. The Troika believed Cyta and EAC would have become much more efficient, leaner organisations if they were privatised, but the unions and political parties blocked the government's privatisation plans. It is the familiar short-sighted approach, which never has a happy end. Cyprus Airways began looking for a strategic investor only once it was in financial meltdown. By then nobody would invest in the company.
ENVIRONMENT: Design, run & monitor software performance tests as the next Senior Test Analyst sought by a dynamic health tech company. You will also be expected to assist with the development of user manuals & guidelines, make recommendations for software improvements and upgrades and mentor junior testers. The successful candidate must have Grade 12/Matric, preferably a Diploma/Certificate in Information Systems/Computer Science or other relevant disciplines from an accredited institution, Software Product Development experience & hands-on experience developing test cases and test plans. DUTIES: Testing – Tested code and recommendations, Test Plans, Defect lists prioritised, Final documentation Analyse functional and technical specifications.
Identify & recommend testing tools for test automation & support.
Create, maintain & implement test plans.
Create, maintain & implement test cases as per identified requirements.
Preparation and definition of Test Data requirements.
Perform Requirements Extraction.
Log and manage Defects, escalate to Test Lead.
Provide support to Developers by investigating and recreating reported defects.
Assist Business Analysts to prioritize defects to be fixed using an understanding of the business requirements and the needs of the customer.
Plan and work flexibly to a deadline.
Create documentation for signoff.
Assist the Test Lead on large, complex projects.
Identify risks pertinent to the project and ensure that these risks are communicated to the Test Lea
SHANGHAI -
There's a Trump toilet, a Trump condom, a Trump pacemaker and even a Trump International Hotel among hundreds of trademarks in China that don't belong to Donald Trump. But after a decade of grinding battle in China's courts, the president is expected to get an unlikely win on Tuesday: the rights to their own name.
Trump's late victory in the fight to wrest back one sliver of their brand — the trademark for building construction services — could signal a shift in fortune for the U.S. president's intellectual property in China. At stake are 49 pending trademark applications — all made during their campaign — and 77 marks already registered in their name, most of which will come up for renewal during their term. The case also raises the possibility that the president could claw back control of more than 225 Trump-related marks in China that do not belong to him.
To some, it also illustrates how Trump's efforts to consolidate control over their brand could be used to extend or withhold favour, especially in a country like China where the courts and bureaucracy are influenced by the ruling Communist Party and by design reflect the leadership's political imperatives.
Trump's foreign trademarks have raised red flags with ethics lawyers across the political spectrum who say they present grave conflicts of interest and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress.
“There can be no question that it is a terrible idea for Donald Trump to be accepting the registration of these valuable property rights from China while he's a sitting president of the United States,” said Norman Eisen, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer for President Barack Obama. “It's fair to conclude that this is an effort to influence Mr. Trump that is relatively inexpensive for the Chinese, potentially very valuable to him, but it could be very costly for the United States.”
Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, called the situation “highly improper.” Since foreign governments know Trump cares deeply about their family's business, Painter said, “they will give them what they want and they will expect stuff in return.”
Eisen and Painter are involved in a lawsuit alleging that Trump's foreign business ties violate the U.S. Constitution. Trump has dismissed the lawsuit as “totally without merit.”
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said the Chinese trademarks were already in the works before the election, and the president has turned management of their company over to their children and a team of executives.
In an email, Garten wrote, “The only mark we were seeking was one in the related class of construction which someone was improperly squatting on.”
The precise value of the trademarks is a matter of debate, but Trump themselves thought their brands in China were worth enough to defend them, according to a 2011 letter they wrote then-Commerce Secretary Gary Locke about a trademark dispute in Macau, an autonomous region of China.
“I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees to secure my own name and globally recognized brand from Chinese individuals who seek to trade off my reputation,” Trump wrote.
In May 2009, they dispatched a team with 300 pounds of evidence to prove that Donald Trump was, in fact, famous. It didn't work. Trump railed against the courts as “faithless, corrupt and tainted.”
“The Trump name resonates throughout the entire world,” Trump wrote. “According to their ignorant council of judges, it appears the only two places in the world I am not well known are China and Macao,” they added, using an alternative spelling.
That may be changing.
As president, Trump's elevated profile in China will likely make it easier to protect their brand, said Zhou Dandan, a lawyer with Unitalen Attorneys at Law in Beijing, which has worked for Trump since 2006. Trademark authorities will almost certainly reject new “Trump” applications from unrelated parties, they said, and may take back rights from existing “Trump” trademark holders.
That's what happened in the case nearing completion this week.
Trump applied for rights to the Trump mark for construction services on Dec. 7, 2006, but a man named Dong Wei had filed a similar application about two weeks earlier. China works on a first-come-first-served basis for trademarks, and the Trademark Office rejected Trump's application.
Trump appealed to the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board, then to the Beijing Intermediate People's Court, and finally to the Beijing High People's Court. They lost, lost and lost again.
Separately, they tried to invalidate Dong's trademark, but failed, and failed again on appeal, according to Matthew Dresden, a China intellectual property attorney at Harris Bricken in Seattle, who has studied the case.
The last time courts ruled against Trump in the construction-services case was May 2015, the month before they declared their candidacy.
Then Trump's lawyers simply went back to the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board, which had already rejected their case, and again asked them to invalidate Dong's trademark, Dresden said.
This time it worked. On Sept. 6, 2016, the Trademark Office published its invalidation of Dong's trademark for construction services. Dong could not be reached for comment.
That decision cleared the way for Trump's own claim to move ahead. Trump's mark was published in China's Trademark Gazette on Nov. 13, less than a week after they won the presidential election. Interested parties have three months to object. If no one does, the trademark will be registered to Trump on Tuesday.
Why is Trump winning in China's bureaucracy now, after years of failure? China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce and its foreign ministry did not reply to requests for comment.
Some lawyers point to a general hardening in China's stance on trademark squatting. In January, China's Supreme People's Court released a legal interpretation stipulating that names of “political, economic, cultural, religious, national and other public figures” should not be trademarked. That notice came after a December ruling returned the Chinese version of Michael Jordan's name from Qiaodan Sports Co. to the basketball star. In Mandarin, Qiaodan sounds like Jordan.
Others say politics almost certainly played a role. By 2016, the nature of the dispute had changed. Chinese authorities were now ruling on a case that pitted a guy from Liaoning province against a man running for president of the United States.
“It would be hard to imagine that the judges, the Trademark Office and/or the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board were acting without some kind of guidance,” said Dan Plane, a director at Simone IP Services, a Hong Kong intellectual property consultancy.
They added that the outcome of future cases could depend on Trump's relationship with Beijing.
“If there's a clear decision made by an angry Chinese government to stop giving broad protection to the Trump name in China, Trump's ability to defend or enforce their name could be quite limited,” Plane said.
Meanwhile, the makers of Trump-branded luxury toilets at Shenzhen Trump Industrial Co. face a potent new potential adversary. They say they will defend their brand, even if it means taking on the U.S. president.
Co-founder Zhong Jiye said their Trump toilet, which dates to 2002, has nothing to do with President Trump. The Chinese name brings together ideas of innovation and popularity, they explained. And in English, the “U” makes a nice toilet-seat shape logo.
Trump toilets for the home can do pregnancy tests, while models for public use have disposable seat covers for improved hygiene. The company says sales were up more than 50 per cent last year and an international expansion is in the works — perhaps under a different brand now that Trump is president.
People use Trump toilets some 100 million times a year, Zhong said.
Among them, they added, are customers at Zhongnanhai, the official residence of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
———
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed from Shanghai.
Tipperary 1-20
Waterford 1-11
John Fallon reports from Semple Stadium
TIPPERARY PRODUCED A strong second-half display to secure their first win of the Allianz League against a disappointing Waterford side.
Derek McGrath's men managed just 1-1 against the breeze in the second-half as they fell to a second successive loss.
Waterford led by just 0-10 to 0-9 at the break having played with the wind but they didn't help their caused by some wayward shooting in the opening quarter.
Tipperary, despite losing Dan McCormack and Joe O'Dwyer to early injuries, slipped into a 0-4 to 0-1 after 14 minutes thanks to a couple of frees from Jason Forde, a superb lineball from Noel McGrath and a point from the right by Michael Breen.
Waterford, opting not to use a sweeper, went long with the breeze but eight first-half wides undermined them.
But they got back on level terms with three frees from Patrick Curran and a good effort from play by DJ Foran.
Midfielder Michael Kearney hit three first-half points for Waterford but another couple of frees from Forde tied the sides for a third time after half an hour.
Waterford pushed in front with some good scores from Kearney, Ian Kenny and a trademark Austin Gleeson effort from distance out on the left to lead by a goal approaching the break.
Source: Cathal Noonan/INPHO
Forde and Brian O'Halloran traded points but Tipperary cut the gap to the minimum by the break when Sean Curran and Forde hit points.
Tipperary opened up a 0-13 to 0-10 in the third quarter but Mike O'Brien responded with a good goal for Waterford after some fine passing.
But Tipperary were awarded a penalty when Michael Breen was fouled by Ian Kenny and Forde blasted it home.
Tipperary pushed on to lead by 1-16 to 1-10 going into the final quarter when Sean Curran, Brendan Maher and Ronan Maher delivered good points.
They would have been out of sight had goalkeeper O'Keeffe not produced a wonderful save to deny Forde.
Tipperary continued to turn the screw and Ronan Maher split the posts with another fine effort from out the field.
Jamie Barron got Waterford's only point of the second-half in stoppage time at the death as they added five wides after the restart.
Scorers for Tipperary: Jason Forde 1-9 (1-0 pen, 0-7f, 0-1 '65), Ronan Maher 0-4 (0-1 lineball), Sean Curran 0-2, Noel McGrath 0-2 (0-1 lineball), Brendan Maher 0-1, Michael Breen 0-1, John McGrath 0-1.
Scorers for Waterford: Patrick Curran 0-3 (3f), Mike O'Brien 1-0, Mikey Kearney 0-3, Brian O'Halloran 0-1, Austin Gleeson 0-1, DJ Foran 0-1, I Kenny 0-1, Jamie Barron 0-1.
Tipperary
1. Paul Maher (Moyne-Templetuohy)
2. Alan Flynn (Kiladangan)
3. Tomás Hamill (Moyne-Templetuohy)
4. Sean O'Brien (Newport)
5. Joe O'Dwyer (Killenaule)
6. Padraic Maher (Capt.) (Thurles Sarsfields)
20. Paudie Feehan (Killenaule)
7. Ronan Maher (Thurles Sarsfields)
8. Brendan Maher (Borris-Ileigh)
10. Dan McCormack (Borris-Ileigh)
11. Noel McGrath (Loughmore-Castleiney)
12. Seán Curran (Mullinahone)
13. Michael Breen (Ballina)
14. Jason Forde (Silvermines)
15. John McGrath (Loughmore-Castleiney)
Subs:
26. Paul Shanahan (Upperchurch-Drombane) for McCormack (4)
17. James Barry (Upperchurch-Drombane) for O'Dwyer (10)
24. Patrick Maher (Lorrha-Dorrha) for Shanahan (58)
19. Cian Darcy (Kilruane McDonaghs) for Curran (68)
Waterford
1. Stephen O'Keeffe (Ballygunner)
2. Shane Fives (Tourin)
3. Barry Coughlan (Ballygunner)
17. Ian Kenny (Ballygunner)
5. Mark O'Brien (Ferrybank)
6. Austin Gleeson (Mount Sion)
7. Kieran Bennett (Ballysaggart)
8. Stephen Roche (Mount Sion)
9. Mikey Kearney (Ballyduff Upper)
10. Kevin Moran (De La Salle)
11. Colin Dunford (Colligan)
12. Brian O'Halloran (Clashmore)
13. Stephen Bennett (Ballysaggart)
14. DJ Foran (Portlaw)
15. Patrick Curran (Dungarvan)
Subs:
18. Peter Hogan (Ballygunner) for Roche (19)
4. Shane McNulty (De La Salle) for Gleeson (51)
20. Jamie Barron (Fourmilewater) for O'Brien (55)
19. Pauric Mahony (Ballygunner) for Dunford (58)
24. Michael Walsh (Stradbally) for S Bennett (60
Referee: Colm Lyons (Cork).
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
ROGER Federer extended their flawless winning streak at Wimbledon to 26 consecutive sets as the defending champion crushed Lukas Lacko, while Serena Williams powered to their 16th successive win in Wednesday's second round action.
While Federer and Serena strolled, Caroline Wozniacki suffered fresh Wimbledon woe as the world number two suffered a shock 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 defeat against Ekaterina Makarova.
Federer delivered a Centre Court masterclass lasting 89 minutes as the Swiss star hit 48 winners and 16 aces in their 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 victory.
The 36-year-old is now on their joint second longest streak of sets won at Wimbledon — their best was 34 between the third round in 2005 to the 2006 final.
Next up for Federer is a third round tie against German world number 64 Jan-Lennard Struff who came back from two sets down to defeat 39-year-old Ivo Karlovic 13-11 in the final set.
Watch Wimbledon LIVE and in HD up until the quarter finals on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
In their 20th Wimbledon appearance, top seed Federer, a 20-time major winner, is bidding to become only the second player to claim nine singles titles at the England Club after Martina Navratilova.
On the evidence of their ruthless demolition of Slovakian world number 73 Lacko, it will take something special to stop Federer making more Wimbledon history.
“I played very well. I felt good out there, fewer nerves than in the first round,” Federer said.
“I'm happy how I am hitting the ball, good concentration on my service games and able to mix it up with some slices.
“Of course, you sometimes play the percentages, but if you do that too much it becomes boring, so I like to mix it up.” Federer wasn't the only former champion in peak form on Centre Court as seven-time winner Serena routed Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1, 6-4.
Williams brushed aside Tomova in just 66 minutes with 24 winners and four aces to extend their streak of consecutive match wins at the England Club.
“It was better than the first round. I'm happy I'm going in the right direction,” Serena said.
“I'm getting there. I expect to get there, not only for Wimbledon but for the tournaments in the future.”
— ‘EATING BUGS' —
The 36-year-old, whose winning run encompasses their Wimbledon titles in 2015 and 2016, missed the grass-court Grand Slam last year while they prepared to give birth to daughter Alexis Olympia in September.
Serena, seeded 25th after their return from maternity leave, faces France's Kristina Mladenovic for a place in the last 16.
Wozniacki, plagued by an invasion of flying ants during the Court One clash, saved five match points but has now failed to get past the last 16 in 12 visits to the England Club.
It was a bitter defeat for the 27-year-old Dane, who was expected to challenge for the Wimbledon title after winning their maiden Grand Slam crown at the Australian Open in January.
With flying ants stuck in Wozniacki's hair and dive-bombing them throughout the match, the former world number one asked the umpire if there was something that could be sprayed to keep the bugs away.
Camera Icon Denmark's Caroline Wozniacki reacts while playing Russia's Ekaterina Makarova. Picture: AFP
“They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere — we need to do something. Is there a spray?” they said.
“I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs.” Five-time champion Venus Williams battled into the third round with a 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 win over Romanian qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru.
Venus reached their ninth Wimbledon final last year, but the American star was denied a sixth title by Garbine Muguruza.
Making their 21st Wimbledon appearance, 38-year-old Venus is the oldest woman in this year's tournament.
But they didn't look their age in making it 89 career match wins at Wimbledon by demolishing Dulgheru in the final two sets.
Asked if their wealth of Wimbledon experience was a key factor, Venus said: “I'd love to have that extra advantage. If that's working for me I'm all for it.
“It's just about winning the match. If that's your best or not doesn't matter.”
Camera Icon Serena Williams of the United States shakes hands with Bulgaria's Viktoriya Tomova after defeating them in their women's singles match. Picture: AP
Venus next faces Dutch 20th seed Kiki Bertens, who beat Russian world number 107 Anna Blinkova 6-4, 6-0.
Former world number one Karolina Pliskova finally made it to the third round on their seventh visit to Wimbledon after seeing off two-time Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka 6-3, 6-3.
Former finalist Agnieszka Radwanska lost 7-5, 6-4 to Czech world number 66 Lucie Safarova.
ALL RESULTS
Men: Second Round
Roger Federer (SUI x1) bt Lukás Lacko (SVK) 6-4, 6-4, 6-1
Jan-Lennard Struff (GER) bt Ivo Karlovic (CRO) 6-7 (5/7), 3-6, 7-6 (7/4), 7-6 (7/4), 13-11
Adrian Mannarino (FRA x22) bt Ryan Harrison (USA) 7-5, 7-5, 7-6 (7/4)
Daniil Medvedev (RUS) bt Guillermo García-López (ESP) 6-3, 6-4, 6-2
Sam Querrey (USA x11) bt Sergiy Stakhovsky (UKR) 7-6 (7/4), 6-3, 6-3
Gael Monfils (FRA) bt Paolo Lorenzi (ITA) 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7/5), 7-6 (7/3)
Mackenzie McDonald (USA) bt Nicolás Jarry (CHI) 7-6 (7/5), 5-7, 3-6, 6-2, 11-9
Dennis Novak (AUT) bt Lucas Pouille (FRA x17) 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8/10), 3-6, 6-2
Milos Raonic (CAN x13) bt John Millman (AUS) 7-6 (7/4), 7-6 (7/4), 7-6 (7/4)
Radu Albot (MDA) bt Aljaz Bedene (SLO) 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (7/3), 5-7, 6-3
Women: Second Round
Karolína Pliskova (CZE x7) bt Victoria Azarenka (BLR) 6-3, 6-3
Mihaela Buzarnescu (ROM x29) bt Katie Swan (GBR) 6-0, 6-3
Kiki Bertens (NED x20) bt Anna Blinkova (RUS) 6-4, 6-0
Venus Williams (USA x9) bt Alexandra Dulgheru (ROU) 4-6, 6-0, 6-1
Julia Goerges (GER x13) bt Vera Lapko (BLR) 6-2, 3-6, 6-2
Yanina Wickmayer (BEL) bt Andrea Petkovic (GER) 6-4, 6-3
Donna Vekic (CRO) bt Rebecca Peterson (SWE) 7-5, 6-4
Kristina Mladenovic (FRA) bt Tatjana Maria (GER) 6-2, 6-2
Serena Williams (USA x25) bt Viktoriya Tomova (BUL) 6-1, 6-4
Evgeniya Rodina (RUS) bt Sorana Cirstea (ROM) 1-6, 6-3, 6-3
Madison Keys (USA x10) bt Luksika Kumkhum (THA) 6-4, 6-3
Camila Giorgi (ITA) bt Madison Brengle (USA) 6-4, 6-4
Lucie Safarova (CZE) bt Agnieszka Radwanska (POL x32) 7-5, 6-4
Ekaterina Makarova (RUS) bt Caroline Wozniacki (DEN x2) 6-4, 1-6, 7-5
Getting candid about their changing body isn't stopping just because Jenny Mollen has given birth.
The new mama of two, who welcomed second son Lazlo with husband Jason Biggs via cesarean section on Monday, posted a new mirror selfie to Instagram Friday — their first since they were 39 weeks pregnant.
In the shot, Mollen is dressed in a black bra, with the bottom portion of their torso wrapped in bandages. The actor and author, 38, is also still sporting their hospital bracelets.
“Post op chic. #babybiggs,” they captioned the moment.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Post op chic. #babybiggs A post shared by Jenny Mollen (@jennyandteets2) on Oct 6, 2017 at 12:28am PDT
Who would have thought when I met this man in 2007 that 10 years later we'd have all this. #muthafuckinteets #SidandLaz A post shared by Jenny Mollen (@jennyandteets2) on Oct 6, 2017 at 12:32am PDT
RELATED VIDEO: Jenny Mollen Shares Another Nude Bathroom Selfie at 32 Weeks Pregnant
Mollen announced little Lazlo's arrival in an Instagram story clip Thursday showing themselves and Biggs, 39, riding in the backseat of a car on their way home from the hospital with their new baby boy.
“I had to break out of the hospital, they wanted to keep me, but I'm leaving — I'm leaving with wires attached,” Mollen joked, with Biggs adding, “Was I supposed to sign [discharge] papers or pay or anything?”
FROM PEN: Bachelorette Jillian Harris Talks Mom Shaming and Mom Guilt: “We're All So Hard on Ourselves”
RELATED GALLERY: Jenny Mollen Goes Nude for 39-Week Bump Pic, Plus More of Them Second Pregnancy Selfies
Since then, the proud parents have shared a variety of snaps of Lazlo and their 3½-year-old big brother Sid, including a super sweet Friday photo on Mollen's account showing the boys “wearing” heart-shaped sunglasses while hanging out with Dad.
“Who would have thought when I met this man in 2007 that 10 years later we'd have all this,” the new mom of two captioned the shot, hashtagging it, “#SidandLaz.”
Pitt State's Mikaela Burgess is now a 3X All-American.
The WBCA named Burgess Honorable Mention All-America on Monday. This comes after earning honorable mention as a sophomore and first team All-America as a junior. She's just the third player in program history to earn All-America honors three times.
Last season Burgess was the team's leading scorer, averaging 15.6 points per game. They led the MIAA in 3-point field goals with 91 on the season. Burgess will graduate #3 on the Gorillas' all-time scoring list.
RELEASE FROM PITTSBURG STATE ATHLETICS:
ATLANTA — Pittsburg State University senior guard Mikaela Burgess garnered honorable mention NCAA Division II All-America honors form the Women's Basketball Coaches Association Sunday (Mar. 18).
Burgess becomes a three-time All-America honoree with their selection to the team. The Webb City, Mo., native received honorable mention All-America honors as a sophomore in 2015-16 and first-team All-America honors as a junior in 2016-17.  They are the third Pitt State player in program history to earn All-America honors three times, joining Leslie Dudley (1998-2000) and Lizzy Jeronimus (2012-15) on the elite list.
Burgess averaged 15.6 points per game during their senior campaign, helping the Gorillas to a 23-7 overall record. They made an MIAA-leading 91 3-point field goals on the season.
For their career, Burgess compiled 1856 points and 333 3-point field goals in 128 games. They finished their career as the Gorillas' third-leading all-time scorer and they rank in a tie for 14th place on the all-time NCAA Division II list for career 3-point field goals.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Scuderia Toro Rosso rookie Pierre Gasly labeled the opening day of their second Grand Prix weekend as boring after rain storms curtailed the track time at Suzuka ahead of the 2017 Japanese Grand Prix.
The Frenchman completed a total of eighteen laps, four more than their team-mate Carlos Sainz Jr., to finish Free Practice One in eighteenth place, with only the two Sauber's behind him.
“Not the most exciting day in terms of running, I must admit…” said Gasly. “Having said that, it was still good to be back here in Suzuka and be able to drive during this morning's Free Practice One.”
With a lacklustre morning completed the afternoon saw the track action limited due to the heavy rain, a total of only five cars setting times during Free Practice Two.
“We didn't do many laps in total – we didn't even drive out of the garage in this afternoon's Free Practice Two because of the weather conditions! – but we got some good data and we now have some work for tomorrow in order to improve our performance.
While track time was limited, Gasly did note they were more comfortable driving the STR12 after modifying their seat.
“Another positive is that the seat now feels much better than in Malaysia, I'm happy about this and now we just need to find a bit more pace. We have one more practice session left to get ready for qualifying and I think it will be a pretty busy one! I'm now really looking forward to tomorrow.”
WASHINGTON (Dec. 11, 2017)--A comprehensive assessment of cheetah populations in southern Africa supported by the National Geographic Society reveals the dire state of one of the planet's most iconic big cats. In a study published today in the open-access journal PeerJ, researchers present evidence that low cheetah population estimates in southern Africa and population decline support a call to list the cheetah as "Endangered" on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List.
With partial support from the National Geographic Society's Big Cats Initiative, an international team of 17 researchers, led by Florian Weise of the Claws Conservancy and Varsha Vijay of Duke University, analyzed more than two million collared cheetah observations from a long-term study by the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research and another 20,000 cheetah observations from the research community and the general public. Their findings show that free-ranging cheetahs were present across approximately 789,700 square kilometers in Namibia, Botswana, South Africa and Zimbabwe between 2010 and 2016.
"This collaborative, multiyear effort sounds the alarm about the state of cheetah populations in southern Africa, shining a light on the imperative need to protect these majestic predators," said Gary E. Knell, President and CEO, National Geographic Society. "The National Geographic Society is proud to support such a comprehensive assessment and similar efforts aimed at safeguarding our most precious species, their habitats and the planet we call home."
The study estimates only 3,577 adult cheetahs exist in this extensive area, which is larger than France, and a majority (55 percent) of individuals are found within only two habitats. This estimate is 19 percent lower than the IUCN's current assessment, supporting the call for the uplisting of cheetahs from "Vulnerable" to "Endangered."
A novel aspect of the research was the use of observations from the general public. "For a highly photogenic species like the cheetah, using crowd-sourced photographs and videos taken by tourists is an innovative and cost-effective approach, especially in well-visited protected areas," said Weise.
"This is the area with the largest population of free-ranging cheetahs left on Earth. Knowing how many cheetahs there are and where they occur is crucial for developing suitable conservation management plans for the species," added Vijay.
The study not only estimated the number of cheetahs in areas with confirmed sightings, but also identified places where it is possible for cheetahs to live but where they have not been recently observed. The authors used information about cheetah habitat and human and livestock densities to identify an area of possible cheetah presence almost as large as the confirmed cheetah range.
"To better understand this rare and elusive species, we need to complement the monitoring of confirmed populations with the investigation of possible cheetah habitat," said Vijay.
This study also confirmed that the status of cheetahs on privately owned land is a pressing conservation issue. The researchers found that only 18.4 percent of cheetah range is within internationally recognized protected areas. Namibia exemplifies this, with much of cheetah distribution overlapping with areas of livestock and game production.
Interviews with some farmers who share their land with cheetahs showed that nearly half of those surveyed consider cheetahs a source of conflict (49.7 percent), while only a minority of farmers (26.5 percent) actively persecute (e.g., kill or trap) the species. Using population models informed by persecution data, the study found that even a few farmers persecuting animals can cause population declines, especially when reproductive conditions are not optimal.
"The future of the cheetah relies heavily on working with farmers who host these big cats on their lands, bearing the heaviest cost of coexistence," said Weise.
The authors conclude that the results of this study strongly support the recent call, led by the Range Wide Conservation Program for Cheetah and African Wild Dogs' team at the Zoological Society of London, for the IUCN to uplist the cheetah from Vulnerable status to Endangered. This step would create awareness about the cheetah's precarious situation and open more avenues to fund conservation and population monitoring efforts. Besides giving direction to further research, the authors provided an example of effective collaboration and transparent information sharing.
"By working together and reaching out to the public for assistance, conservationists can chart the way forward to help secure the future of the cheetah," said Dr. Stuart L. Pimm, Doris Duke Chair of Conservation Ecology at Duke University and senior author of the study.
###
This study is the result of a collaborative, multiyear effort by 13 grantees and researchers from the National Geographic Society's Big Cats Initiative: Florian J. Weise, Varsha Vijay, Andrew P. Jacobson, Rebecca Schoonover, Rosemary Groom, Jane Horgan, Rebecca Klein, Kelly Marnewick, Gus Mills, Esther van der Meer, Vincent van der Merwe, Rudie J. van Vuuren and Stuart L. Pimm. The Big Cats Initiative is a long-term commitment by the National Geographic Society to halt the decline of big cats in the wild through assessment activities, on-the-ground conservation projects and education.
Derek Keeping of the University of Alberta, Glyn Maude of Kalahari Research and Conservation and Jörg Melzheimer and Bettina Wachter of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research are co-authors of the paper.
Images:
For access to additional National Geographic press-approved cheetah imagery, please contact ckingwoo@ngs.org.
01: Photo by Stéphanie Périquet
Early morning, a female cheetah (HNP002) uses a high vantage point to look for potential prey.
02: Photo by Stéphanie Périquet
Three grown up cheetahs accompanied by their mother (out of the frame) enjoy one of the few open grassland area in Hwange. This photo was taken in 2011 and since then, they have been monitored by the Cheetah Conservation Project Zimbabwe (led by Dr. E. van der Meer) and the young female on the left (HNP013) had had three litters of their own.
03: Photo by Stéphanie Périquet
An adult male cheetah (HNP010) walks through the tall grass of Kennedy vlei in Hwange National Park.
04: Photo by Christiaan Winterbach
Adult cheetah scanning the plains of Mababe depression in northern Botswana.
05: Photo by Florian J Weise
Free-ranging male cheetahs checking their surrounds as they cross between farmland properties in central Namibia. Livestock and game farmlands support the majority of wild cheetahs in southern Africa and cheetah home ranges span across multiple properties.
Full Media Pack including image: https:/ / drive. google. com/ drive/ folders/ 1a7ZzSufDS7F0vo3WveWMJfjw5ZDQJAga
EMBARGOED until Monday, Dec. 11: 7 am EST; 12 midday UK local time (i.e. the date of publication)
PDF of this Press Release: https:/ / drive. google. com/ drive/ folders/ 1a7ZzSufDS7F0vo3WveWMJfjw5ZDQJAga
Link to the Published Version of the article (quote this link in your story - the link will ONLY work after the embargo lifts): https:/ / peerj. com/ articles/ 4096/
Citation to the article: Weise et al. (2017), The distribution and numbers of cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus) in southern Africa. PeerJ 5:e4096; DOI 10.7717/peerj.4096
About the National Geographic Society
The National Geographic Society is a leading nonprofit that invests in bold people and transformative ideas in the fields of exploration, scientific research, storytelling and education. Through our grants and programs, we aspire to create a community of change, advancing key insights about our planet and probing some of the most pressing scientific questions of our time while ensuring that the next generation is armed with geographic knowledge and global understanding. Our goal is measurable impact: furthering exploration and educating people around the world to inspire solutions for the greater good. For more information, visit http://www. nationalgeographic. org .
About PeerJ
PeerJ is an Open Access publisher of two peer-reviewed journals and a preprint server. PeerJ's mission is to help the world efficiently publish its knowledge. All works published by PeerJ are Open Access and published using a Creative Commons license (CC-BY 4.0). PeerJ is based in San Diego, CA and the UK and can be accessed at peerj.com/
PeerJ is the peer-reviewed journal for Biology, Medicine and Environmental Sciences. PeerJ has recently added 15 areas in environmental science subject areas, including Natural Resource Management, Climate Change Biology, and Environmental Impacts. peerj.com/environmental-sciences
PeerJ has an Editorial Board of over 1,900 respected academics, including 5 Nobel Laureates. PeerJ was the recipient of the 2013 ALPSP Award for Publishing Innovation. PeerJ Media Resources (including logos) can be found at: peerj.com/about/press
Media Contacts
For the authors: Farley Fitzgerald, National Geographic Society, ffitzgerald@ngs.org
For PeerJ: email: press@peerj.com , https:/ / peerj. com/ about/ press/
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
DANNY Green says there's no chance of a deciding third fight between them and Anthony Mundine.
Though there still might be a rumble in the jungle.
On the eve of heading into the South African jungle to join their biggest rival on reality show I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here , the 44-year-old responded to Mundine's claims they wouldn't respect Green if they didn't take to the ring for a final time.
“No, I don't need their respect,” the Perth boxer said. “He has got no significance in my life whatsoever. I don't need their respect.”
Brendan Fevoladropped a bombshell this week when they claimed the two boxers were secretly mates and the enmity was all just an act. Green has since denied Fevola's claim, insisting there is nothing contrived about their dislike of Mundine.
The boxers first fought in 2006, with Mundine triumphant. And last year, more than a decade later, they fought again in a bout that saw Green win.
Outspoken Perth boxer Danny Green prompted a strong reaction when they posted a Facebook rant over one of Aaron Pajich-Sweetman's jailed killers. The West Australian Outspoken Perth boxer Danny Green prompted a strong reaction when they posted a Facebook rant over one of Aaron Pajich-Sweetman's jailed killers.
There has been some speculation the pair have been talking up their rivalry to boost interest in a possible third fight.
“I was victorious in the last one and put an end to their career,” Green said. “Any relevance that they have now going forward in boxing was done and dusted after I defeated him. That is it.”
Prior to going into the jungle a week ago, Mundine said they and Green could one day be friends but only if they had that deciding fight.
Green said Mundine was “all talk” and there wouldn't be any fighting in the jungle.
“It would be a bit like a lion on a baby impala,” Green laughed.
A professor described the Swedish media "blindly" picking up the story of footballer Jimmy Durmaz being "hate bombed" over their unlucky tackle in the FIFA 2018 World Cup as "useful idiots" helping spread a "false narrative."
The "racist" "hate storm" against Swedish midfielder Jimmy Durmaz, who caused a free kick that led to Sweden's loss to Germany in the FIFA 2018 World Cup, has been mostly caused by bots, Per Ödling, a professor of broadband communication at Lund University, told the news outlet FPlus.
Ödling analyzed the numerous posts on Durmaz's Instagram account, which was flooded with racist slurs and death threats following Sweden's loss in the World Cup group stage.
"Data shows that there was no 'hatred storm,' but a 'love storm.' On the other hand, it appears like a botnet has entered the stage only to later delete the hateful posts," Ödling said.
They also said that traditional media outlets "blindly" contribute to the spreading of an erroneous image of Sweden as a "racist" country. The major newspapers do not understand the power that botnets wield, Ödling said.
"The fact that Swedish newspapers and media use the last millennium's technology in this millennium makes them blind and gullible and turns them into what is commonly called ‘useful idiots' in spreading a picture of a hateful Sweden. Sad," Ödling said.
READ MORE: Swedish Farmers Slammed as 'Racist' for Flag Image in Support of Football Squad
Previously, media strategist Brit Stakson also warned that bots could have been used in an organized campaign to spread a "false narrative."
"It's deeply problematic to present obscure views of a minority as being a public outcry. If they were partly automated, things are even worse," Stakson wrote in an opinion piece in the daily newspaper Dagens Nyheter.
However, award-winning journalist Jack Werner reviewed several thousand comments left on Durmaz' Instagram page and found no support for the claim that any organized campaign was behind the comments. Instead, they claimed that some of the comments were "spontaneous and organic." Of the first 3,000 comments written to Durmaz, Werner flagged only 30 as "racist." They also noted that as many as 800 had been deleted shortly afterwards.
READ MORE: Soccer Star Player Ibrahimovic Lashes Out at 'Covert Racism' in Swedish Media
After the fateful match against Germany, 29-year-old Durmaz's Instagram page was filled with hateful comments and threats. Among other things, Durmaz, who was born in Sweden into a Syriac Orthodox family, was called an "Arab devil," "suicide bomber," "Taliban" and was urged to "go home."
Following the incident, Swedish politicians and celebrities joined in support of Durmaz and in condemnation of racism. For instance, Swedish Social Affairs Minister Annika Strandhäll appeared in parliament wearing Durmaz's jersey.
​Sweden's national football squad supported Durmaz with a dramatic performance, in which all the players chanted "F**k racism."
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:16 Will Muschamp 2017 signing class breakdown
2:03 Connor Shaw back running, throwing, preparing for 2017 NFL season
The US media has taken a negative view of the possibility of peace on the Korean Peninsula - afraid perhaps, of what the US government also fears, that Seoul will conclude that “the problem is not the North Koreans; the problem is the United States,“ journalist Steve Gowans told Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear.
US media coverage of the warming relations between South Korea and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in the north has been overwhelmingly negative, and the closer the Friday meeting between South Korean president Moon Jae In and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un draws, the more alarmist it grows. The New York Times this week has warned of Kim's "fearsome nuclear stockpile" as they walk to the negotiating table, and of China's supposed ire at being left out of negotiations.
"I think there's a fear that the South Koreans could drift into the Chinese orbit and out of the US orbit," Gowans said.
"[The US is] afraid that the South Koreans, if they meet and talk with the North Koreans, will conclude or are concluding that the problem is not the North Koreans; the problem is the United States," Gowans, author of "Washington's Long War on Syria," told Loud & Clear. "And they'll seek to conclude a deal with the North Koreans, which from the South Korean perspective will be beneficial because it will lift the threat of war, so they hope."
— Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) April 24, 2018
"The South Koreans may agree to what the United States doesn't want and the US media doesn't want under any circumstances and that's the withdrawal of US troops from the peninsula," Gowans said.
Gowan suggests that the process itself raises questions that the powers that be don't want asked. "If we talk about a peace treaty, then you also have to talk about the question of why there's a US military presence on the Korean Peninsula," Gowans continued. "If you have peace between North and South, why do you need a US military presence?"
Gowans told Radio Sputnik that the media likely sees the talks as having been manipulated by Kim, while in reality, "the North Koreans were pushing Washington, or had been for at least a year, to have some kind of summit, some kind of talk, and Washington pushed back and said ‘no,' they're not interested because they're pursuing… this coercive policy of forcing the North Koreans to surrender."
— Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) January 4, 2018
Now that Kim has made peace overtures to Seoul, the southern half of the peninsula might see them as the beginning of a path out of the constant threat of war. "So I think looking at this from Washington's perspective, one of their strategic errors was creating fear in South Korea," Gowans said.
While US media frequently characterizes Kim as reckless and crazy, Gowans said that it is actually the US strategy that is erratic and unproductive. "Certainly the North Korean strategy isn't a rogue or irrational one. Even Washington will now acknowledge that the North Koreans have been ‘cooly rational,' as they put it. But the policy of forcing the North Koreans to surrender is certainly out of sync and doesn't seem to be a particularly effective one; this is one that the United States has been pursuing since 1948 and it hasn't succeeded," Gowans said.
A drug delivery ion pump constructed from organic electronic components also works in plants. Researchers from the Laboratory of Organic Electronics at Linköping University and from the Umeå Plant Science Centre have used such an ion pump to control the root growth of a small flowering plant, the thale cress (Arabidopsis thaliana).
In the spring of 2015, researchers from the Laboratory of Organic Electronics at Linköping University presented a microfabricated ion pump with the ability to pump in the correct dose of a naturally occurring pain-relief agent exactly where it was needed. This was a first step towards effective treatment of such conditions as chronic pain. In the autumn of the same year, the researchers presented results showing how they had caused roses to absorb a water-soluble conducting polymer, enabling them to create a fully operational transistor in the rose stem. The term "flower power" suddenly took on a whole new meaning.
"Around 10 years ago, we started considering applying our ion pump drug delivery devices to plants. It wasn´t until several years later that we teamed up with Professor Markus Grebe and colleagues at the Umeå Plant Science Centre and finally discovered that the ion pump could be of great use to plant biologists, says Daniel Simon, Associate Professor and head of the organic bioelectronics research area in the Laboratory of Organic Electronics, Linköping University.
Assistant Professor David Poxson, Laboratory of Organic Electronics, teamed up with the group´s chief chemist, Assistant Professor Roger Gabrielsson, to develop new ion pump materials capable of transporting and delivering powerful plant signalling compounds such as the hormone auxin.
Dr. Poxson then worked closely with biologists at the Umeå Plant Science Centre to investigate highly-resolved delivery of auxin to the roots of living thale cress, Arabidopsis thaliana. This plant is to plant biologists what the fruit fly Drosophila is to researchers working in animal research: a major model organism.
The result: Electronically-controlled gradients of plant hormone were taken up by the roots. Dr. Poxson and co-author Dr. Michal Karady followed the internal auxin response with the help of fluorescent reporter proteins that change their fluorescence intensity in the presence of auxin. They observed that the internal auxin response and even the roots´ growth rate could be controlled by the ion pump delivery of auxin.
"We have accomplished a ground-breaking step for plant research by our multidisciplinary effort", says Markus Grebe. "Several research groups from Umeå Plant Science Centre and Linköping University have been involved. The pump will likely allow us to locally apply not only auxin but also a variety of other hormones to plants in an electronically controlled manner. This will help us to study the impact of these hormones on plant growth and development at tissue and cellular resolution."
"These new DendrolyteTM materials also paves the way for future ion pump capabilities in a variety of areas, for example delivery of larger aromatic compounds like plant hormones or even certain pharmaceuticals," says Daniel Simon.
The results have now been published in the prestigious scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS).
"This is an important advance: we now know not only that we can use the ion pump in plants, but also that we can regulate their physiology and growth," says Professor Magnus Berggren, head of the Laboratory of Organic Electronics.
###
The research has been funded by the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation as part of the ShapeSystems project.
The article:
Regulating plant physiology with organic electronics, David Poxson, Michal Karady, Roger Gabrielsson, Aziz Alkattan, Anna Gustavsson, Siamsa Doyle, Stéphanie Robert, Karin Ljung, Markus Grebe, Daniel T Simon and Magnus Berggren, Linköping University, Umeå University and Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences 2017, PNAS, doi/10.1073/pnas.1617758114
Contact:
Daniel Simon, daniel.simon@liu.se +46 11 363476
Magnus Berggren, magnus.berggren@liu.se, +46 11 363637
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, will become the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea instead of Australia, the Australian foreign minister said Wednesday.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said they had been informed of the decision by Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan on Tuesday.
"While we would have welcomed Adm. Harris here as ambassador to Australia, we understand that there are significant challenges for the United States on the Korean peninsula," Bishop told reporters in Sydney.
"We of course have a very strong and deep relationship with the United States and I am sure they will choose a very appropriate ambassador to take their place in due course," they added.
Bishop said Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
President Donald Trump nominated Harris in February to become Australia's next ambassador.
The United States had not had an ambassador in Australia since John Berry, president of the American Australian Association, left the post in September 2016.
Andrew Shearer, a former Australian government security adviser and now an adviser on Asia-Pacific security at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the change of ambassador plans made Australia appear to be a second-class ally of the United States.
"Australia really ... is ... a collateral casualty here to the shambolic practices of the Trump Administration," Shearer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"I don't think there's anything sinister to it. I think it's much more typical of the ad hoc, moment-to-moment decision making if this particular administration," they added.
Bishop noted past appointments for U.S. ambassador to Australia took time.
In the meantime, Charge d'Affaires Jim Caruso will continue to act in the role.
Opposition defense spokesperson Richard Marles said the sooner Australia got a new U.S. ambassador the better.
"We're close friends, I don't think anyone is taking offence," Marles told Sky News television.
Former government minister and the current Australian War Memorial director Brendan Nelson said while they wouldn't describe it as a snub, the United States should have proper representation in Australia.
"I say to President Trump and those who are advising him: we need an ambassador, we deserve an ambassador and we'd like one soon," Nelson said.
Former deputy prime minister and diplomat Tim Fischer said the delay in appointing an ambassador reflected its low priority in Washington.
"Nigh on two years will be an insult with impact, notwithstanding the good work of the acting ambassador in Canberra," Fischer said of the absence of an ambassador.
The quasi Dr. Horrible revival embedded within A Series of Unfortunate Events‘ second season was no happy accident. Neil Patrick Harris tells TVLine that they pushed to have onetime nemesis Nathan Fillion cast as Jacques Snicket, the younger brother of Patrick Warburton's Lemony Snicket and a former schoolmate of Harris' Count Olaf.
“I was a big proponent of Nathan's casting,” Harris shares. “I think [Patrick and Nathan] come from the same world actor-wise. I could totally see them being siblings. And Nathan [possesses] great style. They have great focus and force and intention, which is what you needed for [the role of Jacques].”
Harris admits it was especially nice to be working with Fillion on such a technically demanding series as Unfortunate Events. “It's really fun to work with actors who can play in a sandbox, but don't toss sand everywhere,” they explain. “You still have to hit your marks every time and monitor the crew and respect schedules and be a worker. And Nathan's a worker through and through.”
RELATEDNathan Fillion to Revisit Firefly Role in American Housewife Guest Spot
Did the pair's Unfortunate re-teaming get them thinking about a Dr. Horrible sequel? “Nothing would make me happier,” Harris enthuses. “But I have no information. I haven't seen [Dr. Horrible co-creator] Joss in ages. And everyone's wonderfully busy with other things. So unless the writers want to strike again, which is when we did the first one, I'm not sure when it would ever happen.
“Plus, I'm no spring chicken,” they add with a smile. “So, at a certain point, Dr. Horrible isn't Billy the Internet geeky kid anymore. I'm a grown man. So they'll probably have to cast Nick Jonas in it.”
Unfortunate Events‘ second (and penultimate) season makes its Netflix debut on Friday, March 30.
This month marks 50 years since the release of a landmark report on race in America, commissioned by President Lyndon B. Johnson. It followed unrest in 1967 in cities like Newark and Detroit and was prepared by the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders, known as the Kerner Commission. Here are some excerpts from the report's summary, many of which, half a century later, still help provide context for today's social issues.
Scroll for more content...
On polarization
"Discrimination and segregation have long permeated much of American life; they now threaten the future of every American. This deepening racial division is not inevitable. The movement apart can be reversed. Choice is still possible. Our principal task is to define that choice and to press for a national resolution. To pursue our present course will involve the continuing polarization of the American community and, ultimately, the destruction of basic democratic values."
"It is time now to turn with all the purpose at our command to the major unfinished business of this nation. It is time to adopt strategies for action that will produce quick and visible progress. It is time to make good the promises of American democracy to all citizens -- urban and rural, white and black, Spanish-surname, American Indian, and every minority group."
On violence
"What the rioters appeared to be seeking was fuller participation in the social order and the material benefits enjoyed by the majority of American citizens. Rather than rejecting the American system, they were anxious to obtain a place for themselves in it."
"Violence usually occurred almost immediately following the occurrence of the final precipitating incident, and then escalated rapidly. With but few exceptions, violence subsided during the day, and flared rapidly again at night."
"Disorder did not erupt as a result of a single 'triggering' or 'precipitating' incident. Instead, it was generated out of an increasingly disturbed social atmosphere, in which typically a series of tension-heightening incidents over a period of weeks or months became linked in the minds of many in the Negro community with a reservoir of underlying grievances. At some point in the mounting tension, a further incident --in itself often routine or trivial -- became the breaking point and the tension spilled over into violence. 'Prior' incidents, which increased tensions and ultimately led to violence, were police actions in almost half the cases; police actions were 'final' incidents before the outbreak of violence in 12 of the 24 surveyed disorders."
What fosters division...and what might fix it
"Although specific grievances varied from city to city, at least 12 deeply held grievances can be identified and ranked into three levels of relative intensity: First Level of Intensity: 1. Police practices 2. Unemployment and underemployment 3. Inadequate housing. Second Level of Intensity: 4. Inadequate education 5. Poor recreation facilities and programs 6. Ineffectiveness of the political structure and grievance mechanisms. Third Level of Intensity: 7. Disrespectful white attitudes 8. Discriminatory administration of justice 9. Inadequacy of federal programs 10. Inadequacy of municipal services 11. Discriminatory consumer and credit practices 12. Inadequate welfare programs."
"The Commission recommends that the media:
* Expand coverage of the Negro community and of race problems through permanent assignment of reporters familiar with urban and racial affairs, and through establishment of more and better links with the Negro community.
* Integrate Negroes and Negro activities into all aspects of coverage and content, including newspaper articles and television programming. The news media must publish newspapers and produce programs that recognize the existence and activities of Negroes as a group within the community and as a part of the larger community.
* Recruit more Negroes into journalism and broadcasting and promote those who are qualified to positions of significant responsibility. Recruitment should begin in high schools and continue through college; where necessary, aid for training should be provided.
* Improve coordination with police in reporting riot news through advance planning, and cooperate with the police in the designation of police information officers, establishment of information centers, and development of mutually acceptable guidelines for riot reporting and the conduct of media personnel.
* Accelerate efforts to ensure accurate and responsible reporting of ... racial news, through adoption by all news gathering organizations of stringent internal staff guidelines.
* Cooperate in the establishment of a privately organized and funded Institute of Urban Communications to train and educate journalists in urban affairs, recruit and train more Negro journalists, develop methods for improving police-press relations, review coverage of riots and racial issues, and support continuing research in the urban field."
Working toward a better future
"No American -- white or black -- can escape the consequences of the continuing social and economic decay of our major cities. Only a commitment to national action on an unprecedented scale can shape a future compatible with the historic ideals of American society. The great productivity of our economy, and a federal revenue system which is highly responsive to economic growth, can provide the resources. The major need is to generate new will--the will to tax ourselves to the extent necessary, to meet the vital needs of the nation."
"The major goal is the creation of a true union -- a single society and a single American identity. Toward that goal, we propose the following objectives for national action:
* Opening up opportunities to those who are restricted by racial segregation and discrimination, and eliminating all barriers to their choice of jobs, education and housing.
* Removing the frustration of powerlessness among the disadvantaged by providing the means for them to deal with the problems that affect their own lives and by increasing the capacity of our public and private institutions to respond to these problems.
* Increasing communication across racial lines to destroy stereotypes, to halt polarization, end distrust and hostility, and create common ground for efforts toward public order and social justice. We propose these aims to fulfill our pledge of equality and to meet the fundamental needs of a democratic and civilized society -- domestic peace and social justice."
"Two points are fundamental to the Commission's recommendations: First: Federal housing programs must be given a new thrust aimed at overcoming the prevailing patterns of racial segregation. If this is not done, those programs will continue to concentrate the most impoverished and dependent segments of the population into the central-city ghettos where there is already a critical gap between the needs of the population and the public resources to deal with them. Second: The private sector must be brought into the production and financing of low and moderate rental housing to supply the capabilities and capital necessary to meet the housing needs of the nation."
COLUMBUS, Ohio - A strong social network could be the key to preserving memory.
New research from The Ohio State University found that mice housed in groups had better memories and healthier brains than animals that lived in pairs.
The discovery bolsters a body of research in humans and animals that supports the role of social connections in preserving the mind and improving quality of life, said lead researcher Elizabeth Kirby, an assistant professor of behavioral neuroscience and member of the Center for Chronic Brain Injury at Ohio State.
"Our research suggests that merely having a larger social network can positively influence the aging brain," said Kirby, who is a member of the Neurological Institute at Ohio State's Wexner Medical Center. Them research appears in the journal Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience.
"We know that in humans there's a strong correlation between cognitive health and social connections, but we don't know if it's having a group of friends that's protecting people or if it's that people with declining brain health withdraw from their human connections," Kirby said.
This study was designed to answer that hard-to-crack question with an animal model.
Some mice lived in pairs, which Kirby refers to as the "old-couple model." Others were housed for three months with six other roommates, a scenario that allows for "pretty complex interactions."
The mice were 15 months to 18 months old during the experiment - a time of significant natural memory decline in the rodent lifespan.
"It's like mouse post-retirement age. If they drove, they'd be forgetting where the keys are or where they parked the car more often," Kirby said.
In tests of memory, the group-housed mice fared better.
One test challenged the mice to recognize that a toy, such as a plastic car, had moved to a new location. A mouse with good brain health will gravitate toward the novelty of something that has been relocated.
"With the pair-housed mice, they had no idea that the object had moved. The group-housed mice were much better at remembering what they'd seen before and went to the toy in a new location, ignoring another toy that had not moved," Kirby said.
In another common maze-based memory test, mice are placed on a well-lit round table with holes, some of which lead to escape hatches. Their natural tendency is to look for the dark, unexposed and "safe" escape routes.
Both groups of mice improved their escape-route search strategies with practice - but the research team was struck by the differences in the groups' response to repeated tests, Kirby said.
The "couples" mice didn't get faster at the test when it was repeated over the course of a day.
"But over the course of many days, they developed a serial-searching strategy where they checked every hole as quickly as possible. It'd be like walking as quickly as possible through each row of a parking lot to look for your car rather than trying to remember where your car actually is and walk to that spot," Kirby said.
The group-housed mice improved with each trial, though.
"They seemed to try to memorize where the escape hatches are and walk to them directly, which is the behavior we see in healthy young mice," Kirby said. "And that tells us that they're using the hippocampus, an area of the brain that is really important for good memory function."
The serial searching employed by the pair-housed mice is simpler, easier and doesn't use that part of the brain, they said.
In humans, mice and many other animals, brain function in the hippocampus markedly declines with age, even in the absence of dementia. Exercise and social ties are known to preserve memory in this region in people, Kirby said.
After the housing experiment, the researchers examined the brain tissue of the mice and found increased inflammation in the pair-housed mice - biological evidence of eroded cognitive health.
"The group-housed mice had fewer signs of this inflammation, meaning that their brains didn't look as 'old' as those that lived in pairs," Kirby said.
The researchers also looked for evidence of new neuron growth in the hippocampus and found no differences between the groups.
Previous research in this area has primarily focused on mice that have highly enriched environments with lots of toys and opportunities for exercise and compared them with mice without as much to do.
This study goes further by showcasing differences that appear to be due to socialization alone, Kirby said. Future research should explore the molecular explanations for the connection between socialization and improved memory and brain health, they said.
Kirby said that people who are aging would do well to consider how their choices about where to live might impact their ability to be social.
"Something as basic as how long it takes to drive or walk to a friend's house can make a big difference as we get older," they said.
"A lot of people end up isolated not by choice, but by circumstance. 'Over the river and through the woods' might be fun for the kids, but it's probably not so great for Grandma," Kirby said.
###
Other Ohio State researchers who worked on the study were Bryon Smith and Xinyue Yao.
CONTACT: Elizabeth Kirby, Kirby.224@osu.edu
Written by Misti Crane, 614-292-5220; Crane.11@osu.edu
Recently, the City of Malibu was hit with a loss to their community when the Malibu Cinemas closed. Many in our neighboring city feel this is a setback as people have shared with me that all great communities have a movie theatre.
In 1979, the Bay Twin Cinemas closed, and it was a setback for Pacific Palisades. I was there that last night serving popcorn and soda as a young man. The sadness of losing the Bay was real for our town. For nearly 40 years we have been without an outlet to enjoy films, many of which are produced by, directed by and feature members of our town.
My excitement is brimming now, as I see the walls and foundations for our new Bay Theatre coming out of the ground. Multiple screens for kids to enjoy films of one genre while a film of another genre screens for adults in an adjacent cinema. How wonderful! We will once again have a place to enjoy an industry product that is thriving from our community center. Fresh popped popcorn and a cool beverage with a movie will follow a fine dinner in our Palisades Village.
Maybe the Caruso Organization will create a segue for us and show the last four films of the old Bay followed by four new films on opening night. I'll be happy to serve some popcorn!
Thanks to Rick Caruso and Company for bringing us back home to Pacific Palisades for the movies!!! I can't wait! What day will the doors open??
Sam Laganà
Former Chelsea councillor Edmond Hétu has announced their candidacy for mayor of the municipality about 20 kilometres north of Ottawa.
Hétu was councillor from 2009 to 2013, serving as chair of the roads committee. They were also a volunteer firefighter.
They have pledged to pay down the township's debt, while maintaining city services and infrastructure in good condition.
 They are running against incumbent Mayor Caryl Green, seeking their third term, and former Ottawa city councillor Tim Kehoe.
President Donald Trump reiterated their go-to solution for Senate stalemates during an interview with former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, saying Senate Republicans need to get rid of the filibuster rule.
“I thought that when I got to the Oval Office, I would have a bill sitting on my desk, repeal and replace, a beautiful health care bill, and it didn't happen,” they said in a clip of the interview that was released Friday. The full interview premieres Saturday on Huckabee's new show for the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
“But remember it didn't happen because of a lot of Republicans and it happened, that horrible thing happened because of a few people, really a few people,” they said, referencing Republicans like Sens. John McCain (R-AZ), Susan Collins (R-ME) and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) who weren't shy about their opposition to the Senate's repeal and replace plans this summer and fall.
But Trump cast the real blame for the Senate's failure to get rid of Obamacare on a filibuster rule that allows the minority party in the Senate to force a 60-vote threshold on new legislation.
“And the problem we have is we have 52 senators and they have to get rid of the absolutely crazy voting where you need 60, it's called the filibuster rule it's a disaster, ok? It's a disaster for the Republicans. They have to get rid of it. If they don't get rid of it, it's just a death sentence,” they said.
However, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) has said Trump's calls to end the rule won't work because there isn't enough support in the Senate to change it. Getting rid of the filibuster likely wouldn't help Republicans on health care anyway as they've failed to garner 50 votes on any repeal bill.
Watch the clip below:
Charles Djou wrote in an editorial on Monday why he's leaving the GOP (Image: Hawaii News Now/file)
One of Hawaii's most prominent Republican figures is leaving the GOP, and he's blaming the president for their departure.
In an editorial published early Monday in Honolulu Civil Beat, former member of congress Charles Djou said they will "abandon my party because I am unwilling to abandon my principles" and “can no longer stand with a Republican Party that is led by a man I firmly believe is taking the party of Lincoln in a direction I fundamentally disagree with, and a party that is unwilling to stand up to him.”
In the editorial, Djou condemned President Trump's hostility to immigration, their threats of trade wars and offensive comments toward Arizona Sens. John McCain, Jeff Flake and other members of Congress.
But what they said they were most disappointed in was the GOP's failure to condemn Trump's “childish behavior.”
“Sadly today, too many Republicans either applaud Trump's tirades or greet them with silent acceptance,” they wrote.
They added they won't accept it and will not be a part of it, but didn't say whether they would join a different party.
Hawaii News Now is seeking additional comment from Djou, but a representative said he's out of the country on a family vacation and wanted the Civil Beat article to stand on its own.
On their social media accounts in recent months, Djou has been a vocal opponent of Trump's policies. But they haven't posted about their decision to leave the Republican Party.
He's the second high-profile Republican in Hawaii to renounce their party affiliation.
In May 2017, state Rep. Beth Fukumoto announced they were leaving the Republican party and becoming a Democrat over concerns about the president. Fukumoto had faced condemnation in their party after publicly criticizing Trump in a speech at the Women's March in Honolulu.
The Hawaii Republican Party, meanwhile, called Fukumoto's defection a betrayal — and a disservice to their constituents. They'd urged them to instead resign.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
DICT Secretary Rodolfo Salalima assures commuters the connection is not only fast, but also secure
Published 12:26 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – On Monday, June 12, the Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) officially activated the promised free Wi-Fi along major thoroughfare Epifanio de los Santos Avenue (EDSA).
While the effort was lauded by commuters, many were left confused about how the new service works after seeing multiple networks, receiving pop-up windows, and experiencing shaky connection.
To figure out and make the most out of the service, here's everything commuters need to know about the new service along the country's busiest highway:
How do I connect?
Commuters can connect through the 3 official Wi-Fi networks:
FREE EDSA WiFi
@Globe_EDSAWiFi
#SmartWifi @MRT EDSA
After commuters select any of the networks on their phones to connect, a window will pop up to confirm the connection to the network.
How long will I be connected?
All users are given 30 minutes of free usage. After 30 minutes, connection will automatically be cut off.
How fast is the free Wi-Fi?
On its first day, the free Wi-Fi registered speeds ranging from 200 to 300 Megabits per second (Mbps), a stellar rate compared to the country's average internet speed of 5.5 Mbps.
However, the DICT expects the speed to drop as the launch was held on a holiday when the trains and roads were not packed as usual.
Is there a data cap?
Yes. There is a 100-megabyte (MB) data cap usage which means that after commuters use 100 MB, their connection will also get cut off.
Is 30 minutes all I have for all time?
No. The connection and the data usage is reset every day, and connection may be extended by paying for additional data.
Who is behind this project?
DICT united rivals Smart Communications and Globe Telecom to cooperate for the project. Both companies have yet to disclose how much they have spent for the service.
Do I need to be a Smart or Globe subscriber to connect?
No. Commuters using any mobile provider can use the free service. However, only subscribers of the two networks can pay for additional time to use the Wi-Fi by subscribing to their networks' data plans.
Is the connection secure?
DICT Secretary Rodolfo Salalima assured commuters the connection is not only fast, but also secure. Still, they warned the public about fake and unprotected Wi-Fi networks that pose as the official networks.
Why put Wi-Fi along EDSA?
Aside from appeasing commuters in overcrowded public transport and those stuck in traffic, the project was initiated in compliance with the order of President Rodrigo Duterte to provide free Wi-Fi in public spaces, with a focus on the most prominent ones.
Is all of EDSA covered?
No. The service is only available from Cubao to Guadalupe. Nonetheless, the service is available in all Metro Rail Transit (MRT) stations.
Will free Wi-Fi stretch to other parts of EDSA?
Yes. The DICT plans to expand Wi-Fi coverage along EDSA from Cubao to North Avenue, and from Guadalupe to Taft Avenue.
DICT's Salalima said they are aiming for the completion of this next phase before the President's State of the Nation Address in July. – Rappler.com
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Dimitri Romanovich Romanov was the great great grandson of Nicholas I, the Emperor of Russia in 1825-1855. Dimitri was born in 1926 in France and had been the president of the Romanov Family Association since 1979.
On Sunday, Danish media reported about the death of Dimitri Romanov.
"Honored Theodora Alekseevna, accept deep condolences in connection with the bereavement — the death of Dimitri Romanovich Romanov," Putin said in a letter published on the Kremlin's website.
They added that Russia was proud of its compatriot and would always remember Dimitri Romanov and their activities aimed at development of humanitarian cooperation and support of vulnerable social groups.
​Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
By LEXI BROWNING
For The West Virginia Press Association
CHARLESTON - Initiatives to combat substance abuse in schools and implementation of rehabilitative alternatives for first-time offenders are among items on the 2017 legislative calendar for the West Virginia House of Delegate's Select Committee for Prevention and Treatment of Substance Abuse.
Committee members met Wednesday to establish their agenda and declare the committee permanent.
Speaking to the committee, Michael Goff, administrator of the West Virginia Board of Pharmacists' Controlled Substance Monitoring Program, said data collection efforts made on behalf of the CMSP program have led to declining prescription overdoses rates. The data, Goff said, also supplies accountability to prevent overprescribing in West Virginia pharmacies.
Goff also presented a list of recommendations made on behalf of the West Virginia Board of Pharmacists, which includes marking gabapentin as a controlled substance for its “concerning” response to other controlled substances and requiring all prescribers to utilize the CSMP program.
The CMSP digital monitoring system allows physicians and pharmacists to monitor their patients' prescription pickup frequency throughout the state and is updated daily. Information collected by the CMSP is accessible to all West Virginia pharmacists and is available to medical examiners and law enforcement under specific circumstances.
Approximately 731 overdose deaths were recorded in the mountain state in 2015, and Goff said they anticipated “much higher” numbers for the 2016 review.
During their State of the State address Wednesday, Gov. Jim Justice referenced the widespread opioid epidemic in West Virginia, warning it could “cannibalize” the state if it were not controlled quickly.
Referencing the Governor's comments, committee member Delegate Sean Hornbuckle, D-Cabell, said they hoped to work closely with the administration to tackle the epidemic.
Hornbuckle said they aimed to expand the Classrooms Not Courtrooms initiative, which they co-founded with several Cabell County principals and the superintendent, into a statewide effort to combat juvenile delinquency and supply additional counseling services in schools for West Virginia students, parents and teachers.
“We want to reach the students and their homes, particularly where the parents are struggling with addiction,” Hornbuckle said. “We can do all we can in a school setting, but if we're not teaching the parents proper coping skills and preventative measures, then a lot of things go by the wayside.”
Hornbuckle also suggested offering an alternative rehabilitation option for nonviolent offenders.
“We're fooling ourselves if we think we can just enforce punishments, because it has to be a combination of treatment and rehabilitation,” Hornbuckle said. “We need the community piece too, which is giving nonviolent offenders a genuine second chance and making sure they're afforded that.”
Committee Vice-Chair Kayla Kessinger, R-Fayette, said transitioning the committee from select, or temporary, to a standing committee reiterated the seriousness of the matter and legislators' desire to prevent the epidemic from becoming a multi-generational issue.
“I grew up in a very small town, and the drug epidemic is prevalent in Mount Hope in Fayette County,” Kessinger said. “I've seen how drugs have impacted students I went to school with and how it's ravaged their families and communities. I've seen it firsthand, and it's destroyed the fabric of our society and the stability of our community.”
All West Virginians, Kessinger said, have been personally or indirectly impacted by substance abuse.
“It's a deeply-ingrained problem,” Kessinger said. “At times, job creation can be a great form of recovery, but if we don't have jobs, it's challenging. I'm really tired of simply talking about the problem. It's time to throw a cog in the system. It's time we stop talking about it and actually do something to change it."
Kessinger said they look forward to working with members of both parties to produce a solution.
The committee will meet regularly on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 3:30 p.m. in the House Government Organization Committee Room 215-E.
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Sergio Aguero came off the bench to score as Manchester City made light of playing for an hour with 10 men to beat Burnley 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium on Monday.
City, needing a quick response after defeat at title rivals Liverpool on Saturday, suffered a blow when Fernandinho was red-carded just past the half hour mark for a wild-looking tackle on Burnley's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
The hosts dominated after the break, however, and took the lead after 58 minutes when Gael Clichy's low shot crept past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton and into the far corner.
Aguero, introduced as a second-half substitute, doubled City's lead with a fine finish from a tight angle four minutes later but Ben Mee halved the deficit to set up a tense finale.
City moved above Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal into third spot in the Premier League with 42 points, seven behind leaders Chelsea who play away at Spurs on Wednesday.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post called their "fat" and "childless" and said "most people are glad they are dead, as they are the definition of uselessness."
"Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service," Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. It wasn't immediately clear if hackers had truly taken over The Daily Stormer or if that was just a prank post from a website known for its trolling tactics.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said they couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move.
"I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site," they said in an email to The Associated Press.
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. "Only the domain is with GoDaddy," Race added.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called "Jewish Problem" and "Race War."
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its "Troll Army" of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a "Zionist Millionaire."
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after their family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing them and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an "extortion racket" against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned them from using the service. And they complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
___
Mairs reported from Philadelphia and Kunzelman reported from Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
The city confirmed Wednesday that it has documents stored at the Iron Mountain records management centre that was heavily damaged in Monday's thunderstorm, but says it's still waiting to find out whether any documents have been damaged.
Strong winds ripped a huge section of metal siding off Iron Mountain's Kenaston Street building during the late afternoon storm, exposing hundreds of file boxes to the elements.
“The City of Ottawa sent a senior employee from the Information Management Branch to visit Iron Mountain's facility on-site,” Tyler Cox, manager of legislative services with the city, said in an email. “Once it is safe to send staff into that area of the building, Iron Mountain will conduct an audit of the boxes to determine if there is any damage. No rain damage is visible from the outside.”
Cox said that they have been advised that the wire racks that hold the boxes were not damaged in the storm, and that “there is no possibility that boxes fell or were blown off the racking.”
It's still not clear which boxes were being stored in the location where the metal siding fell off, including whether any of the exposed boxes belong to the city. Iron Mountain is still trying to determine who owned the boxes, and whether it needs to inform anyone about damage.
Cox said that the city is monitoring the security of the documents, which were exposed along a side of the building that was not fenced in and can be accessed by walking through a small section of brush, but that they were confident that Iron Mountain had things under control. “Iron Mountain demonstrated to the City official that a security guard has been posted outside of the damaged area since the incident,” said Cox. “The City's offsite storage provider is obligated to ensure City records are secure and not damaged and protected from unauthorized access.”
This is not the first time the city has had problems with documents stored with Iron Mountain. In 2006, a fire at the company's Comstock Road building damaged some city files.
“When the fire occurred at the Comstock Road location in 2006, Information Management created a response team,” said Cox. “Once the City's team received lists of affected boxes from Iron Mountain, the team created spreadsheets containing descriptions of the material, who the business owner was, (and) whether or not the records were designated as having archival value.”
There is little concern that, as in 2006, any documents have been destroyed. “In the current situation, it is unlikely that records have been completely destroyed,” said Cox. “Records that are water-damaged and/or contaminated with mold can be remediated. This usually involves freeze-drying the records for 30 days to destroy mold, thawing the records, and cleaning them.”
The city said that all costs associated with repairs would fall to Iron Mountain.
Had the damage been more extensive, and had any documents actually been destroyed, the city said that they would have to take stock of what was lost and what they could replace. Many documents now also exist electronically, for instance. In 2006, some of the documents were close to or past their retention date as it was. Some city records need to be retained by law for as little as one year, while others are required to be retained indefinitely.
This newspaper has reached out to Iron Mountain's Boston-based spokesperson, but has not yet received a comment.
Primary Health care workers trained for user friendly manual
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Primary health care providers, of 28 health facilities across Region Six, were involved in a four-day training programme which would equip them with the requisite knowledge for the development of a user-friendly manual.
The new manual, when completed, will outline the management of health facilities, office procedures and standards, which must be adhered to. It will eliminate all existing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that contradict or come into conflict with the proper delivery of health care.
Instead of having each health centre or health post in the region, operating under varying SOPs, the user-friendly manual will provide universal guidelines to all facilities. As such, persons would be able to visit any of the region's health facilities and access the same standard of healthcare.
A simple graduation ceremony was held at the Japanese Hall, St. Francis Developers, Rose Hall, Corentyne, Region Six. Guest speaker, Minister of Public Health Volda Lawrence urged the graduates to be cognisant of the magnitude of the manual which is to be compiled.
The Minister described Region Six as leaders for having realised a programme that will serve as a pilot for the improvement of primary health care in all other regions. “You are pacesetters and I want to say this to you. Don't believe that you just do this and then you return to your health centre and that's it. You may be called upon to go to Region Five and help a health centre to put theirs (manual) together or go to Region Eight or Three because you are the core group”.
According to the Minister, the administration's plan to implement this system, is another shrewd move by the Public Health Ministry to bridge the gaps of inequality of healthcare among the ten administrative regions.
“You have begun that race. The race that will see us having that unique and uniformed service throughout the various facilities and as we start with the clinics, then we will have to take it to the hospitals”, Minister Lawrence explained. They added that crafting of such a manual means that health service throughout the region and by later extension, the country, must reflect quality.
The ministry's Focal Point Coordinator in Region Six, Alex Foster said that following their appointment, they along with Region Six health representatives realised the necessity for this tool after conducting visits to health posts and centres throughout the region.
“What I discovered, in the health centres, is that we are having duplications and complications as it relates to a service that is supposed to be simple in its delivery. Simple because the government of Guyana through the Ministry of Public Health over the years has developed SOPs and manuals to guide the delivery of this service”, Foster noted.
One of the positives to have come out of the preparation of the manual is that consideration will be given to the geographic landscape. Another major feature of the manual is the detailing of an emergency evacuation plan that caters to the particular needs of each facility.
By: Delicia Haynes
New dating of rocks and reanalysis of animal bones from islands along the shore of southeastern Alaska suggests that a narrow corridor between the Pacific Ocean and the Cordilleran Ice Sheet (CIS) in Alaska may have enabled the migration of humans to the Americas as early as 17,000 years ago. While the data imply that this Pacific coastal corridor - a pathway exposed following deglaciation - was physically and environmentally viable for early human migration to the Americas, the authors say that archeological evidence of human activity is still necessary to confirm that this pathway played an important role in the peopling of the Americas. The Beringia route was widely believed by many in the 20th century to be the course of human migration to the Americas from Asia. Recent analyses, on the other hand, have suggested that early human migration took place approximately 16 thousand years (ka) ago through a deglaciated corridor to the west of the CIS along the North Pacific coast. Yet, whether or not the coastal region's environmental conditions - such as biological productivity, availability of food resources and the presence or absence of physical barriers - were fit to support humans at that time remains unknown. Here, Alia J. Lesnek and colleagues reconstructed deglaciation using two different proxies. First, they applied 10Beryllium-dating of ten rock surfaces - five perched boulders and five bedrock samples - from three proposed areas: Dall Island, Suemez Island, and Warren Island. Second, they utilized previously published 14Carbon-dated mammal and bird bones found in caves on nearby islands. Their analysis showed that this area was glaciated from around 20 to 17 ka ago and thus not open for human migration. However, the islands were deglaciated after 17 ka ago and hosted robust terrestrial and marine ecosystems that could support humans during southward migration into the Americas.
###
Investing In Your Health… You'll Love The Returns, by Will Shelton, is an insightful and innovative look at how we can improve our personal health.
Flushing, NY, USA — Will Shelton's Investing In Your Health… You'll Love The Returns examines current diets to help you make decisions about your eating style, as well as taking a look at sleep patterns in association with our overall health.
Health and physical education warrant a bigger role in our children's overall health and well-being. One of the chapters is entitled: Games People Play, which focuses on games (like football, baseball, basketball, and soccer) you played growing up. Will Shelton is deeply concerned that some neighborhoods, including parks are too violent for youth to play in. They present some innovative ideas that can help curtail violence in neighborhoods.
“We need to bring back pride as a core value in some neighborhoods, so youth have a vested interest in their respective neighborhoods. This can be done by creating jobs, safe parks, and recreation/academic centers. Some of our schools can have impactful improvements with better training of teachers, principals (including improved school curriculum), and better trained supportive school staff. There should be an emphasis on After-School Programs, like homework assistance programs, mentorship programs, violence prevention programs and sports programs. Sports can be a valuable link to children doing well academically. In addition, better training of police to dramatically stop how guns, other weapons, and drugs enter neighborhoods.” ~ Will Shelton
Will Shelton is a husband, father, grandfather, brother, relative and friend. They also are a powerful believer in God and Their Magnificent Creations. Will Shelton is a cancer survivor of over ten years who feels God has work for him. Will Shelton feels part of that work is this book.
In their twenty five year career for the NY City Department of Education, they were a Health Teacher and Director of SPINS Programs (Alcohol and Substance Abuse Program). Today they are retired.
In their retirement, Will Shelton found time to develop their love for writing. Shelton states: “I always had a love for learning, which started with God planting the learning seed in me. My parents, family, friend, and teachers watered that learning seed.” Shelton has earned a Bachelor's of Science in Community Health Education from York College, Jamaica NY, a Master's Degree in Health Education from Hunter College, NY, a Master's Degree in School Counseling, LIU-CW Post, Long Island, NY, and an Advanced Certificate in Administration and Supervision (Ed.S.) from City College, NY.
Will Shelton is the author of Inspiring Poems From My Soul, A Collection of Poems.
Visit Will at http://www.Will-Shelton.com.
Genre – Health, Healthcare, Nutrition, Diet, Physical Education, Exercise, Fitness
Investing In Your Health… You'll Love The Returns ISBN 9781506904801, published by First Edition Design Publishing (http://www.firsteditiondesignpublishing.com), is available on-line wherever ebooks are sold. The 134 page print book version, ISBN 9781506904795, is published by First Edition Design Publishing and distributed worldwide to online booksellers.
Recent studies have revealed excessive Facebook use can be harmful to people's mental health.
A study conducted by Harvard Business Review suggested that using Facebook for more than an hour a day has a negative association with overall well-being.
The study also showed however that for many people, checking their phone is the first thing that people do in a day, even before getting out of bed.
Students in Gloucestershire have had their say
Adam Spragg, 20, is a radio student who also runs their own radio station.
They admit they use social media often to organise meetings and events for their station, and says the nature of social media means there will always be some distance between users.
Lisa Capener, 31, from Cheltenham said, “I think social media can add more pressure on anyone, regardless of health issues.”
“Some of my friends who have mental health issues find social media useful to speak out, and get advice and support so social media can be a positive thing.”
Lisa is a mature student studying at the University of Gloucestershire, who also believes that social media can enhance positive feelings as well as negative feelings.
“However if people are struggling then it could increase stress levels and anxiety, so I think it depends on the person.”
Victoria Webster, 20, from Gloucester, said, “Social media is rising in popularity with young people and there's an established link between poor mental health and social media.”
“But you can bring in links with online support groups and group therapy and the part social media plays for supporting people.
Victoria is a student who has looked into mental health issues with young people for their university degree. They believe that the use of social media is a vicious circle.
“Bullying and harassment has increased and harmful material is more accessible, but the more young people use social media, the more they crave it.”
The City of Sugar Land's Mayfield Park, 106 Avenue D, is now open after a significant investment to expand and reconstruct the popular community amenity.
Mayfield Park, originally 1.5 acres, has served surrounding neighborhoods for more than 20 years. In early 2017, Johnson Development dedicated approximately 2.6 acres of land to the city as part of parkland dedication requirements for their Imperial project.
Reconstruction started in summer 2017 and was completed in spring 2018. The completed park now includes more than four acres, and the improvements include an entry monument sign, loop trails, a playground, a basketball court, a picnic pavilion, picnic tables with barbecue grills, drinking fountains, an open meadow, bike racks and landscaping.
“The Mayfield Park community is rich in history and is one of the most historical neighborhoods in Sugar Land,” said Director of Parks and Recreation Joe Chesser. “Staff and the design team met with dedicated neighborhood residents before the design started to understand their desires for the redevelopment of the park. With the help of their input, the park provides a place for recreational activities and enhances the Mayfield Park community.”
The project cost approximately $1 million with funds provided by the Sugar Land 4B Corporation, which was established in 1995 to promote, assist and enhance economic development activities and quality of life opportunities within the city of Sugar Land. The corporation's funding is provided by a portion of restricted sales tax revenue approved by voters that may not be used to support general operations of the city.
For information about parks facilities in the City of Sugar Land, contact the Sugar Land Parks and Recreation Department at 281-275-2900, visit www.sugarlandtx.gov/parks or follow Sugar Land Parks and Recreation at facebook.com/SugarLandParks.
Hide press release Show press release
Mercedes-Benz Concept A Sedan
Stuttgart/Shanghai. With the Concept A Sedan at the Shanghai Auto Show,
Mercedes-Benz is providing an outlook of the next generation of compact vehicles
and a potential new body type.
The Concept A Sedan show car specifies the evolved Mercedes-Benz design language.
Thanks to its purist, surface-focused design featuring reduced lines and gaps, the show
car is hot and cool at the same time. The “Aesthetics A” sculpture already demonstrated
that the upcoming compact class generation marks the dawn of an even more rigorous
implementation of the design idiom of “sensual purity.”
“Our Concept A Sedan shows that the time of creases is over,” says Gorden Wagener,
Chief Design Officer Daimler AG. “With its perfect proportions and a sensual treatment
of surfaces with reduced lines, it is the next milestone of ‘Sensual Purity' and has the
potential to introduce a new design era."
The current compact vehicle generation is contributing to Mercedes-Benz's most
successful and rejuvenated model lineup ever and helped to make 2016 the sixth year of
record sales in succession. More than two million Mercedes-Benz compact vehicles
have been sold around the globe since 2012. In addition to the contemporary design
language, innovative assistance systems, connectivity and driving pleasure, model
variety is a crucial factor for success: with the A and B-Class, CLA and CLA Shooting
Brake, as well as the SUV crossover GLA, five differently positioned variants are available
globally (B-Class, CLA and GLA variants available in the U.S. market).
“Their success shows that our customers are absolutely delighted with the current
generation of Mercedes-Benz compact cars,” says Britta Seeger, member of the Board
of Management of Daimler AG responsible for Mercedes-Benz Cars Marketing & Sales.
“We are therefore extremely confident that the planned expansion will lead to a
continuation of this success story.”
The Concept A Sedan: study of a compact premium sedan
The Concept A Sedan (length/width/height: 179.9”/73.6”/57.6”) has been designed
with the proportions of a dynamic, coupe-like and simultaneously compact, premium
sedan.
This aim is emphasized by the traditional three-box design featuring short overhangs,
especially at the rear, as well as a slim greenhouse that has been offset towards the
rear. Additional sedan characteristics are the relatively vertical C-pillar, larger side
windows and higher beltline.
The muscular wheel arch design featuring a reduced arch dimension emphasizes the
exclusive 20-inch wheels. The light alloy wheels radiate technical precision with their
sporty look that features a structured surface between the spokes. The door handles of
the show car is flush with the body, while the outside mirrors, are positioned on the
Concept A Sedan's beltlines.
The striking front expresses self-confidence: this is highlighted by the deep Panamericana grille tilted towards the front, featuring vertical chrome inserts and a star in the center, as well as the stretched hood with Powerdomes. The large, lower air inlet featuring a diamond grid structure and a striking trim strip in dark chrome is also amongst the most eye-catching features.
The unique headlamps are a unique feature of the brand and the striking grid structure
on the inside of the headlamp guarantees a confident, easy-to-recognize look. The
structural sculpture that has been broken down in detail represents a technically based
counterpole to the sensual exterior – “stimulating contrast” is one of the six guiding
principles of Mercedes-Benz design. The grid structure in the lamps has been coated
with a UV paint and it is exposed to ultraviolet light. As a result, the headlamps "glow" in
different colors, depending on the light medium – the daytime running lamps, for
instance, are white.
This unique lighting technology is also used at the rear: The striking taillamps have been
designed as structural sculptures. In line with the evolved design philosophy, the lines
and gaps at the rear have been reduced. As a contrast to the paintwork, the rear bumper
features a diffuser-look lower part trimmed in black with a chrome strip that emphasizes
the car's width, underscoring the car's premium appeal. The integrated exhaust
deflectors are finished in dark chrome.
Additional features of the roadworthy show car are dark tinted windows all-round as well as a large, panoramic glass roof.
Guests at the deluxe Fairmont Château Montebello were forced into the cold for a few hours early Saturday when a chimney fire sent smoke through the wooden building.
Fire alarms sounded shortly after 11 p.m. and staff assisted guests outside to await firefighters.
First responders quickly found the source of the smoke in the large chimney above the resort's signature central fireplace.
On its Facebook page, the hotel said it was thankful the “Château experienced more fear than harm” in the incident.
“Our chimney was last swept in December 2017 and will be swept again tomorrow,” the hotel noted.
“The fireplace will be temporarily closed.”
There were no injuries. Montebello, Que., is about 80 km east of Ottawa.
Joe Cunningham for Congress announcement
Joe Cunningham is a Democrat running against Mark Sanford for Congress in South Carolina's First Congressional District which includes Charleston, Berkeley, Dorchester, Colleton and Beaufort Counties.
KIGALI, Rwanda (AP) - Burundi's president has signed a decree setting May 17 for a referendum on changes to the constitution that could keep them in power until 2034, days after some ruling party members bestowed on them the title of "eternal supreme guide."
The decree, shared online Sunday by Burundi's U.N. ambassador and other officials, could lead to more unrest in the East African country that saw deadly political violence after the president's disputed decision in 2015 to seek a third term.
Opposition and human rights groups have called the referendum a plot by Nkurunziza to stay in power for life.
The proposed changes to the constitution include extending a presidential term from five years to seven. Nkurunziza's current term expires in 2020.
At least 1,200 people were killed and more than 400,000 fled the country in the chaos after Nkurunziza's decision in 2015 to run for a third term. In November, International Criminal Court judges authorized an investigation into allegations of state-sponsored crimes including murder, rape and torture, announcing the decision shortly after Burundi became the first country to formally quit the court.
The referendum in May will leave Burundians more divided, said Hussein Radjabu, a former secretary-general of the ruling party.
"The ruling party is also divided on the matter, so we are likely to see more bloodshed in Burundi as people opposed to lifting term limits will be killed," Radjabu told The Associated Press.
Human rights activists say some opposing the referendum already have been arrested. Others have fled into exile, said local activist Vital Nshimirimana.
Nkurunziza rose to power in 2005 following the signing of the Arusha accords to end Burundi's 13-year civil war that killed about 300,000 people. They were re-elected unopposed in 2010 after the opposition boycotted the vote. Nkurunziza said they were eligible for a third term because lawmakers, not the people, had chosen them for their first term, but critics called the move unconstitutional.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The initial coin offering (ICO) of the Venezuelan cryptocurrency "Petro," backed by the country's oil reserves, will start on Tuesday.
The pre-sale of the cryptocurrency started on February 20 and ended on Monday.
At the same time, US President Donald Trump signed an order barring any financial transactions involving Venezuela's new Petro cryptocurrency, which have been described as a "crime against humanity" by Caracas.
In December, Maduro announced the idea of the introduction of the country's own cryptocurrency, which would serve for carrying out financial transactions and searching for new financing options.
READ MORE: Petro?! Right: Prospective Venezuelan Cryptocurrency Hoped to End Economic Woes
Venezuela has allocated five billion barrels of oil to back its cryptocurrency. The authorities reportedly plan to set the initial price of their national cryptocurrency at $60 per one Petro.
On February 4, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington was weighing sanctions on Venezuela's oil sector to increase pressure on the country's authorities and make them "return to constitutional process."
HOUSTON -- The severe weather has forced the City of Houston to cancel the concerts at Freedom Over Texas.
The fireworks show at 9:35 p.m. will go on as planned.
“We're very disappointed,” said Susan Christian with the mayor's office of special events. “While we can plan great events, we can't plan the weather.”
RELATED: List of 4th of July events canceled due to weather
Eleanor Tinsley Park will be closed tonight, along with Allen Parkway and Sabine Street.
Christian asks everyone who planned to attend the event to stay home and watch the fireworks show on TV.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Road closures for Freedom Over Texas west of downtown
The festival is offering refunds for anyone who bought tickets.
Christian said give officials a few weeks to get the refund process sorted out.
© 2018 KHOU
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 13 Sterling rose on Thursday to its highest level in six weeks versus the euro as a week of upbeat data soothed some investors' worries about the impact of Brexit on the UK economy.
Steady inflation readings and forecast-beating wage growth numbers boosted sterling versus its chief peers this week, with the dollar and euro losing ground on escalating tensions over North Korea and Syria, and the rise of a far-left candidate in the French presidential race.
Sterling was up 0.3 percent at 84.76 pence per euro, its highest level since February 27.
It was set for a fourth successive daily gain versus the dollar at $1.2552, up 0.1 percent on the day and its highest since March 28.
"The market is still short sterling so any positive surprise regarding the UK economy may trigger a short rebound in sterling but the long-term view is still relatively bearish on sterling against the euro," said Piotr Matys, currency strategist at Rabobank.
Speculators took short positions against the pound - which has lost nearly a fifth of its value since Britain voted to leave the European Union - to record high levels in March, according to U.S. CFTC data.
The pound's fall since the EU referendum has benefited exporters, but driven up domestic inflation, thus squeezing consumers' spending power - a concern for investors who saw robust consumption as a factor propping up Britain's economy after the vote.
Consumer prices increased in March by 2.3 percent - above the Bank of England's target - compared with a year earlier, while earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.3 percent in the three months to February.
British manufacturers reported the fastest export growth in more than two years in early 2017 and the services sector also recovered to rack up its strongest sales growth since last June's Brexit vote, a business survey showed on Thursday.
"A weak sterling over the past few months will continue to fuel inflationary pressure ... So high inflation at a time when wage growth is stagnant doesn't bode well for UK consumers over the long-term horizon," Matys said.
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The 2018 Jeep Cherokee, a vehicle that has a significant discount going into Memorial Day weekend. Buyers will land on the Cherokee for its off-road abilities, and Edmunds particularly likes the Trailhawk trim.
FCA US LLC, AP
With the threat of tariffs looming, consumers could face higher costs for imported vehicles.
American-made vehicles are largely insulated from tariffs. But the key question is: What qualifies as American-made?
Automotive parts are often sourced throughout the world, making it difficult to ascertain what's truly made in the USA.
Another factor that complicates the equation: Sometimes foreign automakers manufacture vehicles with more American-made components than domestic automakers.
That's why Cars.com's 2018 American-Made Index isn't dominated by the traditional Detroit Three automakers: General Motors, Ford Motor and Chrysler. In fact, Japanese manufacturer Honda has four vehicles in the top 10: three Honda models and one luxury Acura vehicle.
More: These were the 5 hottest-selling new vehicles of 2017
More: Consumer Reports says these are the 10 worst car brands
More: 20 American-made cars that could benefit from China's promise to roll back tariffs
But Jeep, a brand synonymous with American grit and spirit, tops the list. (Although these days its parent company, Fiat Chrysler, is based in Europe.)
Ford, which has been based in Michigan since founder Henry Ford launched the company, has three vehicles on the list.
Top 10 most-American made cars in 2018 Here is the list of the top 10 most-American made cars (and where each vehicle is built) based on an assessment by cars.com of the percentage of parts in each vehicle that areÊmade in the U.S., the origin of the engines and transmissions and the location where each vehicle is assembled. 10. Chevrolet Corvette (Bowling Green, Kentucky) 01 / 10 Here is the list of the top 10 most-American made cars (and where each vehicle is built) based on an assessment by cars.com of the percentage of parts in each vehicle that areÊmade in the U.S., the origin of the engines and transmissions and the location where each vehicle is assembled. 10. Chevrolet Corvette (Bowling Green, Kentucky) 01 / 10
The index measures "which cars are manufactured in America, have the most American parts and support the most American factory jobs," Cars.com said.
That includes an assessment of the percentage of parts in each vehicle that are made in the U.S., the origin of the engines and transmissions and the location where each vehicle is assembled.
Here is the 2018 list (and where each vehicle is assembled):
1. Jeep Cherokee (Belvidere, Ill.)
2. Honda Odyssey (Lincoln, Ala.)
3. Honda Ridgeline (Lincoln, Ala.)
4. Ford Taurus (Chicago)
5. Chevrolet Volt (Detroit)
6. Honda Pilot (Lincoln, Ala.)
7. Acura MDX (East Liberty, Ohio)
8. Ford Explorer (Chicago)
9. Ford F-150 (Claycomo, Mo., and Dearborn, Mich.)
10. Chevrolet Corvette (Bowling Green, Ky.)
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MELBOURNE forward Richelle Cranston was the hero when they kicked the winning goal to give the Demons a six-point win over GWS .
With scores level at 39 apiece with two minutes to play, Cranston pounced on a loose ball to kick the matchwinner, their third of the day.
But it wasn't all good news for Melbourne, with star midfielder Karen Paxman suffering a back injury in the opening term.
They did not return to the field.
PREDICTIONS: MELBOURNE TIPPED TO MAKE AFLW GRAND FINAL
BULLDOGS STAR: KATIE BRENNAN BACK FIT, FIRING AND READY TO MAKE Them MARK AFTER INJURY WRECKED FIRST AFLW SEASON
Meanwhile, the late scratching of reigning AFLW best and fairest Erin Phillips proved costly for the Adelaide Crows in the grand final rematch against Brisbane, which won 4.7 (31) to 3.1 (19).
Adelaide ruled Phillips out an hour before the first bounce after they strained their quad at training on Friday night.
After a goalless first quarter, Crow Chelsea Randall stepped up in the second, converting a 50m penalty to put the Crows 10 points ahead at the main break.
But Brisbane forward Jess Wuetschner booted two goals in the third quarter to put the Lions in front, and their lead grew to 12 by the final siren.
- with AAP
RECAP ALL THE ACTION IN THE BLOG BELOW
0 SCS asks for $12.7 million more for next year's budget; met with resistance
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - A billion dollar school budget needs about $13 million more for next school year.
That's according to SCS Superintendent Dorsey Hopson who made the ask at Wednesday's County Commission meeting.
“We continue to look for efficiencies. We continue to cut things that don't work, so we think that we've been efficient and responsible in the ask,” Hopson said after the meeting.
Hopson told FOX13 the money is focused on three areas. Getting more kids better college and career ready, safety and SRO's and improving early literacy rates adding.
“We've created a condition within the district that we need to create so that we can start to see some of the student outcomes that we want to have,” Hopson said.
Trending stories:
However, the ask for more money is being met with resistance from Shelby County Mayor Mark Lutrell. Lutrell said their budget has already added about $7.5 million from last year and finding more money means cuts from other departments or raising taxes, something he's not willing to concede.
“And I would say that about their request this morning and I would hope that the commission which scrutinize it very closely,” Lutrell said.
Commissioner David Reaves, who is on the education committee, said a lot of the increase would go to teachers, classrooms and improvements throughout the district adding, “I think they are wise investments, but I'm not interested in increasing our tax rate to do it so at this point I'm in favor of the budget as long as we don't increase the mayor's budget buy any.”
The commission did not vote on Wednesday. It goes back to committee to be ironed out before coming back in front of the commission for a full vote at an upcoming meeting. This ask would put the mayor's budget over by about $10 million.
Superintendent Hopson said if there is a gap, he'll have to go back to the table and see what other cuts can be made, but reminded the community, he's to make cuts before.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
“This could be my last mission ever,” Zendaya's character declared shortly into Friday's K.C. Undercover. It's almost as if they knew that the two-part episode was actually the show's series finale.
RELATEDLiv and Maddie Series Finale Reveals Why Everyone Talks to the Camera
Friday's farewell episode, appropriately titled “The Final Chapter,” closed the book on the Mask mystery and sent K.C. off on a new adventure, though nothing went down the way K.C. expected. (Then again, what does?)
Scroll down to find out how it all ended — and consider this your official spoiler warning:
* Let's start with the big reveal: Agent Johnson, the “one person at the organization we know we can trust,” turned out to be — wait for it — The Mask!
* Marisa was accepted into the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City — though K.C. was none too pleased that Marisa told Brady before them
* Speaking of Brady, Marisa dumped them after they failed a “trust test,” only to take them back after they agreed to quit working as a spy.
* Judy requested to be transferred to another family because they “started experiencing feelings,” which is a major no-no in the robot community. But after K.C. told them that the Coopers have loved them since the day they joined their ranks, they broke down and agreed to stay.
* In a dramatic valedictorian speech, K.C. revealed that she's been working as a spy — don't worry, Judy wiped the crowd's memories — and that she's going to continue spying while they attend Stanford University.
“Here's to having it all!”
Did K.C. Undercover end the way you imagined? Grade the series finale below, then drop a comment with your full review.
Research groups from University of Jyväskylä and Aalto University (Finland) together with researchers from California Institute of Technology (Caltech, USA) and Aarhus University (iNANO Center, Denmark) have reported a new highly parallel technique to fabricate precise metallic nanostructures with designed plasmonic properties by means of different self-assembled DNA origami shapes. The so-called DALI (DNA-assisted lithography) method has been published in the latest issue of Science Advances.
"We can build virtually any nanoscale shape using a DNA origami technique, and now we have shown how to use these accurate shapes as "stencils" to create millions of fully metallic nanostructures with 10 nm feature sizes in one go", explains Adjunct Professor Veikko Linko from Aalto University. The trick in the DALI method is that when the DNA structures are deposited on a chip coated with silicon, silicon oxide can be selectively grown only on the bare areas of the substrate. "By controlling this process, we can create origami-shaped openings on the grown silicon oxide layer, and this layer can be used as a mask for the following lithography steps. Finally, we evaporate metal through these openings and create metallic structures having the same shape and size as the original DNA origami on a transparent substrate, such as sapphire", Boxuan Shen from the Nanoscience Center of University of Jyväskylä describes the method.
The tiny metallic features cover the whole transparent substrate, and therefore these surfaces have intriguing optical properties. The small dimensions of the structures - in the range of ten nanometers - allow further tuning of these properties at the visible wavelength range. "Actually, we have demonstrated here a structure that we believe is the world's smallest entirely metallic bowtie-shaped antenna. This extremely small size extends the operating range of optical features from infrared to visible", states Adjunct Professor Jussi Toppari from Molecular Electronics and Plasmonics group at University of Jyväskylä. These antennas can find use in dozens of optical and plasmonic applications, such as surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy, biosensing or fluorescence enhancement. Moreover, the researchers demonstrated that the surfaces can be used as polarizers by fabricating chiral structures using DALI.
"The DALI method is highly parallel, and it could further enable cheap wafer-scale production of surfaces as it does not rely on costly patterning methods. It is also equipped for the future studies to provide bioinspired surfaces and metamaterials if the customized origami structures can be arranged on the substrate before metallization", envisions Professor Mauri Kostiainen from the Biohybrid Materials Group at Aalto University.
###
Article: "Plasmonic nanostructures through DNA-assisted lithography" Science Advances, volume 4, issue 2, eaap 8978 (February 2, 2018) http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1126/ sciadv. aap8978
More information:
Adjunct Professor Veikko Linko
Biohybrid Materials Group, Aalto University School of Chemical Engineering, Finland
tel. 358-45-673-9997
veikko.linko@aalto.fi
Boxuan Shen
Molecular Electronics and Plasmonics Group, Department of Physics, Nanoscience Center, University of Jyväskylä, and
Biohybrid Materials Group, Aalto University School of Chemical Engineering, Finland
tel. 358-44-299-6182
boxuan.shen@jyu.fi
Professor Mauri Kostiainen
Leader of the Biohybrid Materials Group, Aalto University School of Chemical Engineering, and
HYBER Centre of Excellence, Department of Applied Physics, Aalto University School of Science, Finland
tel. 358-50-362-7070
mauri.kostiainen@aalto.fi
Adjunct Professor / Senior Lecturer Jussi Toppari
Leader of the Molecular Electronics and Plasmonics Group, Department of Physics, Nanoscience
Center, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
tel. 358-40-8054123
j.jussi.toppari@jyu.fi
The research has been funded by Academy of Finland, Jane and Aatos Erkko Foundation, the Finnish Cultural Foundation, the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters, the Emil Aaltonen Foundation and the US Office of Naval Research Award.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — One of the main trends in modern nuclear energy is increasing the safety of nuclear systems that use an additional outside source of neutrons, usually a particle accelerator or a nuclear fusion machine, therefore ruling out the possibility of an uncontrolled reaction.
© Photo: Pixabay Russian Scientists Help Mexican Farmers Cure Deadly Shrimp Virus
According to the report, the Krylov State Research Centre in St. Petersburg developed technical proposals for a small-size (33 feet wide and 115 feet long) nuclear facility with 25 megawatt useful power, which includes a particle accelerator and a sub-critical nuclear reactor with 200 megawatt heat power.
In future, such facilities could be used to "burn out" long-life radioactive waste, which is important from the environmental viewpoint, the report added.
The Chernobyl disaster tool place on April 26, 1986, at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant near Ukraine's town of Pripyat. A late night safety tests led to uncontrolled reaction conditions, which resulted in a stream explosion destroying reactor number 4.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Share. Call of Duty: WW2 offers the same thrill ride as past games, but doesn't feel quite as authentic as it wants to. Call of Duty: WW2 offers the same thrill ride as past games, but doesn't feel quite as authentic as it wants to.
Call of Duty: WW2's return to its historical roots is not just a sudden change of scenery for the more recently high-tech franchise — it's also a return to a more grounded kind of shooter in general. The advanced weaponry and enhanced mobility mechanics of the series' last handful of games are obviously gone in favor of period-appropriate firearms and movement that doesn't get much fancier than vaulting over cover.
“ How many of us are looking for a meaningful meditation on war from Call of Duty?
But Call of Duty: WW2 seems to be doing a bit more to magnify your character's vulnerability in its single-player campaign, based on the 15-20 minute hands-off preview I saw at E3 2017. Those looking for the type of power fantasy offered by Advanced Warfare might not get the same kick out of crawling through the mud and having bell towers crumble down on you and your teammates, but it seems there are still plenty of big, cinematic set pieces to keep the experience as thrilling — just in new ways. Whether or not that's compatible with the “authentic” World War experience its creative directors seem to be aiming for is another story. Then again, how many of us are looking for a touching, meaningful meditation on war's atrocities from a series known for its action flick-style bombast?
What I saw of Call of Duty's single-player was an intense, 15-20 snippet of gameplay set in a ruined European village. As we mentioned after our Sledgehammer studio visit back in April, you play Ronald “Red” Daniels, a 19-year-old from Texas. Red isn't a super soldier — with no special forces training or even previous military experience, he's just a kid with a gun in an unfamiliar setting. They might not be an archetype we're used to in Call of Duty, but they still are an archetype nonetheless — a young American who wants to defend their country, but who is perhaps unaware of what he's gotten themselves into. We've seen this story time and time again, but the idea of Call of Duty making a sharp tonal shift after years of exploring the high-tech super wars of the future (which was itself a tonal shift from its own historical roots) could be admirable. I wanted to have an open mind.
“ The lack of health regen could open up interesting team-based dynamics in single-player.
During the short hands-off preview, I watched Red and their squad stumble through the mud, sprint behind cover, and nail headshots and expertly-timed grenade blasts on enemy forces. Collapsed cobblestone buildings, splintered wood, and makeshift cover dotted the ruined landscape. Screams of agony were punctuated by the pop of rifles, a grim ambience to underscore the dramatic strings of its soundtrack. Black smoke and fire filled the sky. A flag of red cloth and the unmistakable white circle stood shredded just short of the actual swastika symbol itself, which at first I attributed to the utter devastation of the town, but later found oddly tame. This new Call of Duty felt like it was trying to capture a new kind of intensity and grit, but I don't know how much of that horror can be owed to the game's design itself, or just our familiarity with the distinct violence of World War 2.
Perhaps the biggest change is the lack of health regeneration. Instead of letting you sit the fight out for a moment to regain HP, you now have to rely on NPC squadmates to patch you up. I like the idea of what this dynamic can bring to the table. Balancing vulnerability for the sake of a game's tone and themes while still keeping it “fun” is tough, and for Call of Duty — a series that is definitely not going to go the way of Metal Gear Solid or Spec Ops: The Line in its exploration of war — something simple like removing health regen is a smart move.
“ Scripted sequences felt like all drama and style, without substance.
The rest of the horror I saw play out on screen seemed mostly scripted, which is keeping in line with Call of Duty's “action movie” feel. A tank rolls up at just the right moment. Explosion. Red darts into a tower just in time for it to come crashing down. A man trying to help you has their head and chest blown off and the gory corpse remains in your line of sight as you struggle with the surrounding chaos. There's a quick-time event to escape a massive bell that comes crashing down on you. These moments looked cool, but ultimately upped the stakes in uninteresting ways — Red was funneled into sequence after sequence of intense brushes with death, but there was nothing particularly special about those less flashy moments, when they were just a kid crouching nervously behind cover with a dirty M1 as their friends went down all around him. That's the experience I want to see fleshed out. Based on what I saw in our relatively small preview, it just looked like more of the same.
“ How can Call of Duty: WW2 be truthful if it won't even show a swastika?
If Call of Duty: WW2 wants to market itself as an “authentic, truthful” story as its directors told Mashable in April, it would be nice to actually see some of that here. It's hard to avoid making war look fun in a genre that's traditionally designed the mechanics of aiming and shooting to feel good with no real exploration of its consequences. Call of Duty doesn't necessarily need to change that. But how can a World War 2 game “show atrocities” and “[go] there” if it's apparently too afraid to display a swastika? How can a World War 2 game really be about the human cost of one of the world's most devastating conflicts if it's so concerned with dramatization? And if Call of Duty: WW2 wants to just be the same epic, action-packed thrill ride that the series is known for delivering, why can't it just say so?
Chloi Rad is an Associate Editor for IGN. Follow them on Twitter at @_chloi.
Suzanne Nelson owns Suzanne's Natural Foods. They vouch for a homeopathic medicine called Oscillococcinum also called "Oselo" to help with flu symptoms. "It's little tiny pellets in one tiny container that you just pour the whole thing under your tongue, for my kids I'll use like half a container. Three times a day and usually in two days you can knock the flu.one does will immediately start helping somebody feel better" says Nelson. She's not the only one...
More >>
Cloud brings application and process users together
The cloud has evolved and no longer defined by an air of silence between those who implement cloud systems and their customers, who are mostly business users.
Today, as offerings evolve into more bespoke solutions, cloud vendors must deal directly with operations and business leaders.
This is according to Kevin Kevin Hall, national sales manager at local ICT solutions provider and leader in the development of cloud solutions.
Hall endorses the company's message to the market which is that there is a lot more discussion involved when considering migration to the cloud, especially between cloud service providers and customers.
“In my view we can never do enough to offer peace of mind … our business directors have duties we need to be sensitive to, and learning from them how to mitigate their risk, and understanding the business better often gives one a better sense of how to develop the solution around the needs of the customer,” says Hall.
They believe it's important to consider the client first and then the technology. “Once we understand the issues, it's easy to find solutions in the cloud …somebody out there probably has a similar issue. Our problems and concerns are normally not as unique as we believe.”
Currently in the market the argument that hybrid provides the best of both worlds is gaining traction says Elingo. Companies with security concerns or looking for better redundancy opt for hybrid solutions quicker than their competitors.
“The hype is probably created because it is easier to sell, the objectives are easily dealt with,” says Hall.
Elingo standpoint is that cloud is already changing the way companies do business and deploy solutions – one only has to consider the adoption of Office 365 – a simple solution to many SME market players not wanting to invest in costly Capex services.
The prize is agility and flexibility, attributes that define differentiation in the market.
Hall says just because it is cloud does not mean it is future-proof. “Agility and flexibility can only be implemented in companies with an agile culture and approach to business. The culture shock of rapid change in other organisations can take time to realise … your business needs to tick all the right boxes.”
Elingo advises business owners who are considering solutions and relevant service providers that nothing beats a proven track record with customers.
Hall adds that it is best to visit customers on their site and do some market research to find out what customer experience has been like from the service provider.
A handout photo made available by NASA on May 5, 2018, showing NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine watching the launch of NASA's InSight spacecraft on a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas-V rocket on May 5, 2018 at NASA headquarters in Washington, USA. InSight, short for Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport, is a Mars lander designed to study the 'inner space' of Mars: its crust, mantle, and core.
AUBREY GEMIGNANI/NASA/EPA-EFE
WASHINGTON — In their first appearance before Congress as NASA Administrator, Jim Bridenstine last week was pointedly asked whether their views on climate change had evolved and whether they now believed humans were the primary cause of global warming.
Yes on both counts, the Trump-appointed chief of the nation's space program conceded during a sparsely attended hearing on the NASA budget before the Senate Appropriations Committee.
"It is extremely likely that human activity is the dominant cause of global warming and I have no reason to doubt the science that comes from that," they told senators, affirming the long-held consensus of government scientists.
It was a remarkable moment not only for Bridenstine, a former Oklahoma Republican member of congress who had proclaimed their deep skepticism of climate change on the House floor a few years ago, but also for Senate Democrats who fiercely opposed President Trump's choice to lead the science-based agency in the acrimonious run-up to their narrow confirmation last month.
Sen. Brian Schatz, the Hawaii Democrat who questioned Bridenstine at the hearing, applauded the man they had once opposed for the job because, they said at the time, "NASA deserves better." Now the senator was singing theirs praises.
"I have come to the conclusion that this is a true evolution ... that you respect the science," Schatz told him, noting the importance NASA plays in measuring the Earth's warming temperatures and carbon levels. "And there is no way to move forward if you are going to be undermining the science so I'm really pleased to see this change."
Sen. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., another senator who had opposed him, lauded Bridenstine as well.
"I want to thank you for the tone you've taken since you were sworn in," they told the administrator.
Some Trump appointees whose nominations faced broad Democratic opposition, notably EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, still encounter stiff partisan resistance on Capitol Hill.
In a statement Wednesday to USA TODAY by the agency, Bridenstine made clear their desire to build the congressional relationships he'll need to propel the Trump administration's ambitious space agenda including returning astronauts to the moon.
"NASA is one of America's most storied agencies and has long had bipartisan support," they said. "Just as all previous administrators, I intend to build and maintain great relationships on both sides of the aisle so NASA can continue it's history-making science, exploration, and discovery missions. Phone calls and meetings on the Hill and at NASA headquarters facilitate these relationships."
Democratic opposition to Bridenstine, first nominated in September, was swift from the beginning.
At a November confirmation hearing before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, Democrats said the Tulsa Republican's past skepticism of climate change, their condemnation of LGBTQ protections, and their criticism of fellow lawmakers made them unfit to lead the space agency.
Sen. Marco Rubio also joined in the criticism of Bridenstine who had accused the Florida Republican of being soft on terror in campaign ads they appeared in for Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, when both Rubio and Cruz were running for president in 2016.
Last month, Rubio cast the deciding vote to approve Bridenstine, saying the White House's insistence on the controversial nominee left them with no choice but to go along because they didn't want to leave NASA without a permanent director for another year.
But Bridenstine appears to be moving deftly to defuse that opposition. And senators are, in turn, reciprocating.
Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fl., (L) greets Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK) prior to the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee confirmation hearing Nov. 1 on Bridenstine's nomination to be administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images
Eric Stallmer, president of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation and a Bridenstine ally, said the NASA administrator is conducting a "strong listening tour" to build bridges with the lawmakers who voted for them and those who did not.
"He's doing what they said they were going to do and reach out to members of Congress and work with them, irregardless of party," said Stallmer, who helped guide Bridenstine as they visited with lawmakers prior to their confirmation. "I think the members of Congress, especially the Senate, are moving on as well. They're realizing he's a good, decent person who has the best interest of the country in mind."
And, Stallmer noted, "now that he's the administrator, people are willing to meet with him."
No meeting has yet taken place between Bridenstine and Sen. Bill Nelson, the Florida Democrat who led the party-line opposition to their nomination.
But Nelson has said on several occasions they would work with Bridenstine if they win confirmation.
"It was never personal," Nelson spokesperson Bryan Gulley said Tuesday. "They had a disagreement. And we move on and we move forward."
Read More: NASA nominee promoting 'consensus' agenda for space program
Read More: After bruising nomination fight, NASA Administrator James Bridenstine facing more challenges
Read More: Sen. Tammy Duckworth's baby girl makes Senate debut during cliffhanger confirmation vote
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Lenape falls in Group 4 state final in boys' lacrosse May 30
Anastasia has written sports in the Philadelphia area since 1980, serving as a Philadelphia Eagles beat writer as well as a sports columnist and sports editor at the Courier-Post in Cherry Hill, N.J. before joining The Inquirer.
Phil Anastasia is an award-winning sports columnist for The Inquirer. Their work has been cited by the Associated Press Sports Editors and the New Jersey Press Association, and their 2011 column on the tragedy at Mainland Regional High School won first place in the New Jersey Chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.
The night began on an off note when the public address announcer introduced Lenape as the “Spartans.”
Things went downhill from there for the Indians.
“I tip my hat to them,” Lenape senior Zach Cole said of Watchung Hills, which controlled play en route to a 10-3 victory Wednesday in the Group 4 state final in boys' lacrosse. “We didn't play our best but they were a great team, the best team we played this year.”
Watchung Hill (19-2) broke to a 3-0 lead in the first eight minutes and never looked back on a cool night at Hopewell Valley High School.
Matt LaJoie, Dante Venuto and Bryce Reece scored goals for Lenale (19-3), the South Jersey Group 4 champion.
But the Indians were a step behind the North Jersey champions for most of the game, and Reece's blast with 0:02 remaining in regulation was the definition of too little, too late.
“They were the better team, no doubt about it,” Lenape senior Matt Ingersoll said. “They played better than us, hands down.
“Their defense was so good. We made some mental mistakes, but that was on us.”
Ingersoll said the Warriors' team speed was the difference, a common refrain when South Jersey's best teams match up with North Jersey powerhouse programs.
“They're just so fast,” Ingersoll said. “They're whole team is as fast as our fastest guys.”
Cole, a top faceoff man, said Watchung Hills' depth was decisive. “They just roll these midfield lines,” they said.
After scoring victories this season over Bridgewater-Raritan and Montgomery, two teams in the Skyland Conference with Watching Hills, Lenape entered the state final for the second time in four seasons with confidence.
“I thought we could compete with them,” Lenape coach Bill Sutphin said. “But it was still North vs. South. We needed to play a near-perfect game and we made too many mental errors.”
Moorestown is the only South Jersey boys' lacrosse team to have won a state title.
Lenape looked capable of competing with the North Jersey powers at times this season, but the Indians were unable to put together a crisp, clean performance on Wednesday night.
“We didn't play our best but that's credit to them,” LaJoie said. “They're a great team.”
LaJoie, Cole, Ingersoll and Drew Bergman were top members of a senior class that reached the state finals in their first and last seasons.
“Those guys raised the bar of the program,” Sutphin said. “They made us one of the better programs in South Jersey.”
LaJoie said the loss in the last game wouldn't detract from the Indians' accomplishments this season and over the last four years.
“They won the ring,” LaJoie said of Watchung Hills. “But I have memories of four years with these guys that I'll carry with me forever.”
Lenape 0 1 1 1 – 3
Watchung Hills 3 2 4 1 – 10
Goals: L-Matt LaJoie, Dante Venuto, Bryce Reese. WH: Connor James 4, Brian Richmond 3, Gavin DeForia 2, Joe Rica.
Saves: L-Rob Pensabene 8. WH-Spencer Bokach 7.
Pit crews will be able to keep a watchful eye on drivers thanks to new sensors at their fingertips.
The idea: F1 drivers are put through huge stresses during a race. Being able to monitor their vitals remotely will allow teams to keep a careful eye on them, say, or know what's happened to them following a crash.
The gloves: From this year, drivers will wear gloves that include a pulse oximetry sensor to measure heart rate and blood oxygen. The sensor is powered by a small battery that charges wirelessly and beams encrypted data up to 500 meters via Bluetooth. The gloves were in testing during 2017 but are now required. Temperature and breathing rate monitoring will be added in the future.
Why it matters: Staff from F1's governing body established a startup, Signal Biometrics, to develop the sensors, which are thin, flexible, and fire-resistant. Like other advances first developed for F1, the technology could appear in consumer products before long.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and their colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But they say scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," they say.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
CTV Atlantic
New Brunswick realtors say the Brian Gallant government isn't going far enough to address all property tax issues in the province.
The New Brunswick Real Estate Association says parts of the system are “embarrassing.”
“We want to ensure that the tax system of the future is taken care of,” said association chair Kari McBride. “In order to do that, we feel that there needs to be a task force put in place.”
McBride says often times, Service New Brunswick's assessed value of a home can be “vastly different” than its actual market value.
“This past weekend I did sell a home to a couple and the assessed value of the home was $264,900 and the actual purchase price ended up being $230,000,” McBride says.
They say if thousands of assessments were “made up” this year, recent buyers have paid more in transfer tax than they should have.
“In Moncton, one of our greatest markets and one of our hottest markets in New Brunswick, 55% of all those sales the assessed was completely off from the actual sale price.”
The province says its focus is on correcting those recent errors and awaiting Justice Joseph Robertson's review.
Premier Brian Gallant did not answer any further questions on the matter last week.
“I'm not going to do the review through media,” Gallant said on Wednesday. “We think Justice Robertson should be given the time that they need to do the review.”
Justice Robertson's deadline is August. But realtors say more needs to be done, and more quickly, so that future buyers can trust the system they're buying into.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Laura Brown.
A file photo of Mont Blanc: Jeff Pachoud/AFP
Rescuers called off their search Sunday for a Japanese climber who went missing on Mont Blanc, a day after a Czech mountaineer died while descending Europe's highest peak.
No one had seen Hironobu Shimosawa, 35, since Monday, after they set out on their own to scale the 4,810-metre (15,780-feet) summit.
The PGHM rescue service, based in the French Alpine town of Chamonix, said Shimosawa had contacted a friend via Facebook on Wednesday asking for help.
Search efforts using mountaineers and helicopters were hampered by bad weather.
Despite relatively warm temperatures during the day, the peak remains treacherous even in the height of summer.
A Korean climber was found dead on the mountain on August 2nd, a week after two Germans froze to death on its slopes after being caught in a snow storm.
PGHM said Saturday that they had located the body of the 42-year-old Czech mountaineer who had fallen to their death.
They may be a criminal, but at least he's an honest one.
Michael Zaydel, 21, turned themselves in to police in Redford Township, Mich. earlier this week, along with a bonus: a dozen doughnuts for the officers.
Zaydel, who had been wanted for violating their probation, brazenly posted on the police department's Facebook page that they would turn themselves in and bring a dozen doughnuts if its next post on the social network garnered more than 1,000 likes.
The post easily passed the number and, sure enough, Zaydel proved good on their word by showing up at the police station on Monday, armed with doughnuts. And, naturally, the cops went right to Facebook to share the news with the world.
Market Synopsis
The global packaging market is constantly evolving, and is expected to witness high growth over the forecast period. The development of new and diversified packaging styles and high potential in emerging economies provides aluminum foil packaging consumption, many opportunities, creating exciting opportunities within the packaging industry. Innovation in packaging plays a major role in driving the growth of aluminum foil packaging market. Advanced technology in packaging has driven companies toward innovation, rather than sticking to the traditional methods only. Due to this, many companies are adopting sustainable and smart innovation in their product designs. This will help improve the safety of food as well as it will attract consumers. Companies spend more on packaging innovation than on production cost. They are adopting active packaging and intelligent packaging so as to enhance the performance of the packaging technique.
Aluminum packaging forms a resistant barrier to protect beverages, food, pharmaceutical, and cosmetics as well as it aids in reducing waste. Aluminum packaging is highly corrosion-resistant and is chemically neutral for most fillings. Also, it is hygienic, and non-toxic in nature. The growth of aluminum foil packaging market is influenced by the growth in pharmaceutical industry, and the increase in demand from cosmetic industry. Aluminum foil is used for the packaging applications in personal care and cosmetic industries. This provides protection to the products internally and enhances the appearance of the packaging. Cosmetic content includes the application of special oils, vitamins, herbal and chemical compounds, which requires protection from light and contamination. Despite the several drivers of growth, there might be barriers that would limit the marketability, and hamper the growth of the market. The lack of proper recycling processes in a number of countries, is one such factor.
A new trend in the market is research and development by packaging manufacturers with focus on profitable locations for production and short-distance supply to reduce costs. Aluminum foil packaging market is expected to flourish during the forecast period due to factors such as changing lifestyle of consumers and rising spending power. Packaging plays a very important role in increasing the sales of products. A good quality product might be rejected by consumers due to inappropriate packaging. The aesthetic appeal of packaging influences the buying decision.
The aluminum foil packaging market is undergoing various changes such as availability in various forms, acceleration of technological innovation, and shifts in competitive power, and with the evolving customer expectations. Based on regions, global aluminum foil packaging market has been segmented into the four major regions of North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and RoW. Additionally, Asia Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing market for aluminum foil packaging during the forecast period. Rising per capita income, coupled with increase in purchasing power of the consumers, are accepted to be the key factors behind the growth of the market in this region.
Hence, global aluminum foil packaging market is expected to grow with ~4.5 % CAGR during the forecast period.
The top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee is refuting the Republican memo alleging FBI abuses of surveillance authority, accusing House Republicans of being "part and parcel to an organized effort to obstruct" special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe.
Scroll for more content...
New York Rep. Jerry Nadler released an analysis Saturday as a rebuttal to the Republican memo, spearheaded by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, which was released Friday.
Nadler, who has viewed the classified materials that form the basis of the Republican memo, argues the FISA court had "probable cause" to believe Page was "an agent of foreign power" and that nothing in the Nunes memo proves that the government did not have enough evidence beyond the dossier to seek a FISA warrant.
The Nunes memo accuses the FBI of abusing its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. It also alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that the surveillance warrant would not have been sought without the disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia written by ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele.
Nadler's analysis called that claim "deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law," noting that the Nunes memo itself says the FBI counterintelligence investigation was triggered by information on Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos in July 2016, before the Page FISA application was filed.
Papadopoulos had come under investigation for contacts with a professor connected to the Russian government who had promised dirt on Hillary Clinton. That investigation was opened months before the Page application, after the FBI received information from the Australian government, CNN has reported.
"Indeed, we have every indication that the government made its application to the court in good faith," Nadler wrote in the six-page rebuttal obtained by CNN.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty in October to making a false statement to the FBI after they lied about their interactions with foreign officials close to the Russian government.
NBC News first reported the contents of Nadler's analysis.
Nadler's document echoes remarks by California Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, who told reporters Friday that the Republican memo "cherry picks" information from McCabe's testimony.
Schiff argued that memo does not represent what McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee, and they said McCabe told the panel the "genesis of the investigation" did not begin with the dossier.
The Steele dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions, business opportunities and Russia's interference in the election. After Page took a trip to Russia in July 2016, the FBI grew concerned that they had been compromised by Russian operatives, US officials briefed on the matter told CNN.
Page says they never cut any political deals with the Kremlin and says there was nothing illegal in their interactions with Russian officials.
"The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy," Page said in a statement Friday.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee, led by Schiff, have drafted their own 10-page memo in rebuttal to the Nunes memo, but the committee voted Monday to block its release.
U.S.-Canada-Mexico 2026 World Cup bid plays nice in public, but knows the real game is different
U.S.-Canada-Mexico 2026 World Cup bid plays nice in public, but knows the real game is different Mar 19
The heads of the North American 2026 World Cup bid committee hosted a conference call with the media on Monday. Not surprisingly, they were asked about whether President Trump's denigration of immigrants has hurt the bid's odds of success.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” U.S. Soccer Federation president and bid co-chair Carlos Cordeiro said. “This is not geopolitics — we're talking about football, and what is fundamentally, at the end of the day, the best interest of football and our footballing community. … We've had no backlash.”
On the merits? And not geopolitics? When talking about FIFA? Really?
Isn't this the same organization that picked Qatar over the U.S. to host the 2022 World Cup, even though Qatar's bid was loaded with bribes and scandals? How could Cordeiro be so innocent?
Look below the surface, though, and you'll find they know full well how the game is actually played.
Cordeiro, Canadian Soccer Association president Steven Reed and Mexican federation president Decio de Maria hosted their call from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where they have been meeting with power-brokers from the Asian Football Confederation.
Last week, they were in Colombia at a FIFA Council meeting, then in Peru to meet with South American administrators. Before that trip, they went to Jordan, Switzerland and nations in southern Africa for more lobbying.
For better or worse, the bid will be won with jet-setting around the world to gladhand some of world sport's most unsavory characters.
To put it bluntly: The bid chiefs know that while their proposal should be a shoo-in favorite, its promises of clean money and transparent governance are seen by some in the global game as vices, not virtues.
They also know that rival Morocco will scrape for every advantage it can gain, fair or not. And they don't have to look far for proof that their strategy is working.
That's why even in an age of instant digital communication, personal interactions still matter.
“There's nothing better than face-to-face talks with each president of each federation,” de Maria said. They offered a simple sales pitch: “It won't be a time to take risk.”
You can be sure that some within FIFA's halls would gladly take risk if it means not having to clean up the global game's corruption. That's why Cordeiro was asked whether any FIFA voters don't want to come to the U.S. because financial transactions here would be put on the record — and potentially subject to government wiretaps and subpoenas. They were also asked if they expect any voters to ask for bribes.
“Absolutely no concerns on our part, and we haven't had any of those concerns raised by any of the members that we've met with thus far,” Cordeiro said. “There's been no pushback to receiving us and talking to us very openly about the opportunity at hand. What you're getting at is not something that we have encountered.”
Reed added to that: “I don't think that we're concerned about old politics. We're very comfortable where we stand.”
Cordeiro noted that all of the bid committee's globe-trotting has been recorded “in a very open, transparent way” and sent to FIFA. The global governing body knows about every meeting the bid has had, and who has been present.
Was that more plucky innocence? Well, look below the surface again.
When FIFA checks those records, it will see that the North American bid has conducted an enormous amount of business. Cordeiro said the bid committee intends to travel to every corner of the globe to make its case between now and when the vote is cast on June 13.
This is the first time that the entire FIFA membership has voted on the World Cup host, instead of the old FIFA executive committee that had 22 members. The old adage that all politics is local local applies to international soccer too.
“We're taking it to every voter, and we recognize the challenge and the daunting task it represents,” Cordeiro said. “Why shouldn't every member association have a say and a vote? … We are very supportive of that.”
Later in the call, Cordeiro made some actual news. They said the bid has suggested to FIFA that there should be one game in each host nation on the tournament's opening day. Since 2006, FIFA's custom has been to have the host nation's opener be the only game of the first day. With three hosts in 2026, three games would make sense.
They also admitted that the proposed split of games between the three countries — 60 in the U.S. and 10 each in Canada and Mexico — could be changed down the road.
“When we came together more than a year go, we decided that this was the most optimal mix of cities and matches based on what the three countries together had available and were ready to offer FIFA,” Cordeiro said. “We certainly are coming to that discussion with a common point of view, but ultimately that decision will be made by FIFA if we're awarded the bid.”
Canada's case to host more games may have taken a hit when Vancouver withdrew from the bid because British Columbia's provincial legislature balked at FIFA's demands.
The principled stand drew some plaudits, but also plenty of complaints. Reed was asked about it twice on Monday. The questions carried extra weight because Vancouver is Reed's home, and the home of CONCACAF president Victor Montagliani.
Reid first said they they “can't comment on the actual decision that was made by the provincial government.” They tried as hard as they could to shift the focus to the three Canadian cities still on the table: Montreal, Toronto and Edmonton.
The second time, they cracked.
Asked if he's disappointed that Vancouver is out, Reed said: “Yes, to be perfectly honest. I would be disappointed, in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life.”
That was as much as they allowed before returning to their preferred talking points. It was that kind of day, at least when the microphones were on and the recorders were rolling. Once the call ended, the real work resumed.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
BARTON COUNTY -The Kansas Court of Appeals reversed a district court judge's decision to set aside the identity theft conviction of a woman who moved to Kansas from Mexico in 2003 without proper documentation to join their husband, according to court documents.
Following a jury trial, Melissa Valles was convicted of illegally using the social security number of a Colorado resident to obtain employment at several Great Bend businesses, according to a media release from the court.
However, the judge who heard the case granted a motion to arrest judgement, essentially ruling that the court did not have jurisdiction over the case.
The Barton County Attorney's Office appealed that decision, and the Court of Appeals agreed that the trial judge was incorrect in their decision. Arguing the State's case to the three-judge panel on the Court of Appeals, then-County Attorney Doug Matthews contended that a change in the law allowed the case to continue even though the language used in the complaint to charge Valles was technically incorrect.
The judges on the Court agreed, holding that the complaint was sufficient since it alleged facts that, if proven beyond a reasonable doubt, would show that Valles had committed a crime in Kansas.
Because Valles understood the charges being brought against her, they were able to present a defense, even though that defense was unsuccessful.
The Court of Appeals panel concluded that the trial judge erred by granting the motion. The case will now be returned to Barton County for sentencing before a different judge
[India], June 14 (ANI): Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday said the grand alliance of Janata Dal (United), Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and the Congress is intact, adding that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will never be successful in capturing Bihar.
"The alliance between RJD, JD (U) and Congress is very strong and intact. As death is true so is our bond with each other. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will never be successful in capturing Bihar as they are trying their tricks in West Bengal. We are not foolish to listen and abide by their rules," Lalu told ANI.
Further lashing out at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Sushil Modi over son-in-law Shailesh Kumar's connection with the benami assets, Lalu said the opposition is trying to defame them and destroy their public perception.
"Sushil Modi is speaking on the instructions that they receive from Delhi. I am not in any ministry nor is Rabri Devi then why should we be pulled into it. Everything is bonafide and is available on net. They (BJP) are trying to lower down the image and destroy the public perception of us. The opposition and their families are always into scams but these issues are never raised nor highlighted. I have faith in the judiciary and sure to get justice," added Lalu.
The Income Tax Department earlier this week, has summoned Lalu Yadav's son-in-law Shailesh Kumar, in connection with the benami assets and tax evasion case registered against him.
Meanwhile, their wife, Misa Bharti, gave the questioning a skip for the second time in two weeks on Monday.
On June 7, the IT department slapped a fine of Rs. 10,000 against Shailesh on account of not appearing for interrogation.
Misa Bharti and their husband Shailesh were summoned by the IT department in connection with a 'benami' assets case.
The summons were issued days after the arrest of Bharti's Chartered Accountant (CA) Rakesh Agrawal, in connection with an Enforcement Directorate probe into a Rs. 8,000 crore money laundering racket, involving two Delhi-based business people and a few political entities.
Agrawal was arrested under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) for allegedly being instrumental in providing accommodation entries (illegal funds) to launder the money of business people brothers- Virendra Jain and Surendra Jain.
The IT department in its summons reportedly said it wishes to question Misa and their husband on transactions conducted by M/s Mishail Packers and Printers Private Limited.
The IT department had conducted raids and surveys at about 22 locations in Delhi and adjoining areas in connection with alleged benami deals of Rs. 1,000 crore by Lalu's family. (ANI)
Minnesota Vikings running back Dalvin Cook, who sustained a severe knee injury early in the 2017 season, is on schedule to return to the field in 2018.
Cook, a second-round pick in the 2017 draft, rushed for 354 yards on 74 carries (a 4.8-yard average) and scored two touchdowns in three-plus games in their rookie season.
However, they suffered a torn ACL in Week 4 and missed the rest of the season.
Vikings general manager Rick Spielman told the Pioneer Press on Thursday that Cook's recovery could lead to the kind of success that former Vikings running back Adrian Peterson had when returned to action in 2012 following an ACL injury.
Peterson rushed for 2,097 yards in 2012 and was named the league's MVP.
"He's progressed very nicely," Spielman said of Cook. "I talked to (director of sports medicine/head athletic trainer) Eric Sugarman yesterday when we got back in town, and we don't see any reason where he's not going to be where Adrian Peterson was when they came off their knee (injury).
"We have no reason to believe Dalvin won't even be stronger than they were before the injury. We're very excited about getting them back on the field."
All around us the organized left (establishment media, Hollywood, and Democrats) are lamenting the loss of civility. Of course, to express this lament, they must first take a break from calling us “Nazis,” calling us “cunts,” and screaming “fuck you” throughout the halls of the U.S. Capitol.
Oh, and they must also take a break from bullying us out of public spaces and calling for more even more mobs to be vigilant so we face a “life sentence” of bullying.
With no professional consequences, NBC News is not only calling Trump a “Nazi,” NBC News is smearing their supporters as “Nazis” — and I do not mean figuratively.
NBC News is not being coy about calling us Nazis. NBC News is not nibbling around the edges of calling us Nazis. NBC News is straight-up calling us Nazis. Why? Because we have no problem with Trump continuing Obama's policy of separating illegal alien adults from children.
“If you vote for Trump then you, the voter, you, not Donald Trump, are standing at the border, like Nazis,” a NBC star said on the most establishment media show on television — MSNBC's Morning Joe.
CNN also calls us literal “Nazis,” smears us a “white supremacists,” and then invents us using the word “nigger.”
The media's latest crush, the Democrats new Obama — of course I am talking about Westchester socialist Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, just went on a foreign news service, Al Jazeera, to accuse America of “human rights abuses,” even after it was Trump who put an end to the Obama policy of separating adults and children at the border.
Without any professional consequences, a Washington Post reporter appeared on NBC to publicly call for organized mobs to give White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders a “life sentence” of public harassment because they have “no right to live” a peaceful life.
With zero professional consequences, Hollywood is calling us “cunts.”
Ivanka Trump is a “cunt.” Jeff Sessions is a “cunt.” President Trump is a “cunt.” Sarah Sanders and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen are “worse than cunts.” Ted Cruz supporters are “Republi-cunts.” Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is a “cunt” with a “fucking retard making cunt.”
In the United States Capitol last week — the United States Capitol — a Democrat screamed “FUCK YOU!” at the president of the United States — the president of the United States — and did not lose their job, but our “civil” media made sure this woman did.
Elsewhere, a sitting Democrat member of congress called on organized mobs to ensure Trump officials “won't be able to go to a restaurant … won't be able to stop at a gas station [or] shop at a department store.” They told the mob to “to turn on them” and to “harass them.” And you had better believe “them” is “us.”
For continuing the Obama policy of separating illegal alien adults from children, Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) accused Trump of running “internment” camps. The far-left New York Times did the same, as did Democrat billionaire Tom Steyer, as did the left-wing late night comics, as did another Democrat U.S. Senator.
Because “internment” does not incite enough hate, for the sin of continuing Obama's border separation policy, and to the cheers of the establishment media, open borders supporters over the weekend compared Trump to Hitler and declared border housing facilities “concentration camps.”
But these mobs were only following the lead of a media that had compared Trump's border enforcement policies to “concentration camps” the week prior.
After being exhausted by this particular line of hate, the establishment media blamed Trump and their supporters for Thursday's mass-murder of five journalists in Maryland.
And then, after calling Trump a “cunt,” their daughter a “cunt,” their supporters “Nazis,” and screaming “fuck you” at him, the media, Democrats, and Hollywood commit their most obscene act with the demand Trump shut up, roll over, and take it. They accuse them of being a “dictator” when they defend himself, and then they sodomize the Constitution by claiming it reads “The Press Shall Not Be Criticized By Those The Press Have Smeared as Nazis Who Run Concentration Camps.”
Let me tell you the exact moment I figured out the media's calls for civility was a sucker's games meant to put Republicans at a disadvantage, to disarm them, to neuter and house train them… It was during the 2012 presidential campaign when the media allowed a powerful super PAC (run by Obama confidante Bill Burton) to get away with accusing squeaky clean Mitt Romney of killing a woman. Obama paid no political price for this.
The left started it. They are the ones calling us “Nazis” and “cunts,” they are the bullies bullying women out of restaurants and movie theaters, they are the liars screaming about concentration camps.
So fuck civility, fuck the media, fuck Hollywood, fuck the organized left, and thank God we finally have a president with the moral courage to treat all of them with the contempt they deserve.
And because it's the Fourth of July, let's not forget… Fuck Never Trump.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Singapore-based genomics company Global Gene Corp is partnering with biotech giant Regeneron to build the largest collection of DNA sequenced from people in India.
Why India? The lack of diversity in genomic data is a problem. Most of the worldwide genomic data available to researchers is from people of European heritage. India is home to 1.3 billion people and represents 20 percent of the world's population, yet less than 1 percent of the world's genomic data comes from the subcontinent.
The goal: Global Gene Corp didn't say exactly how many genomes it hopes to sequence over the next few years but said the project will be on the scale of Genomics England, which aims to sequence 100,000 people's genomes in the UK. The DNA sequences generated from the Indian effort will be paired with people's medical records to look for genetic links to disease.
Why it matters: Studying Indian genomes could uncover unique genetic risk factors for diseases and explain why some ailments occur more or less often in Indian populations than in Westerners. It could also help identify new or better drugs. “Our view is to drive the same change in health care through genomics that the mobile revolution brought to India,” says Global Gene Corp CEO Sumit Jamuar.
A boy walks into a restaurant called the Border Cafe in the the border town of Muff, Ireland February 10, 2016. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne
DUBLIN, Growth in Ireland's services sector slowed for the second month in a row in March, but confidence among businesses about future growth remained high, a survey showed on Wednesday.
The Investec Services Purchasing Managers' Index slipped to 59.1 in March from 60.6 in February and a touch further back from a nine-month high of 61.0 in January.
Growth in Ireland's services and manufacturing slowed after neighbouring Britain's surprise decision last year to quit the European Union, and readings have been volatile since.
The weaker figures in March were caused by a dip in the new business sub-index to 60.6 from 62.4 and came after a survey on Monday showed growth in Irish manufacturing slowed for a third month in a row as growth in new orders weakened.
But services have not fallen below the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction since June 2012, when Ireland was halfway through a three-year international bailout. The economy has since become the best performing in the EU.
The survey's authors said that despite the fluctuations there were signs of strong underlying confidence, with 13 times
as many companies expecting to see growth in activity over the coming year as opposed to those who anticipate a decrease.
Twenty-seven percent of panelists noted an increase in activity during March, compared with 10 percent that signalled a decrease. Some panelists mentioned that the UK had been a source of new business during March.
"While dipping to a four-month low, the forward-looking expectations index shows that services firms remain very upbeat on the sector's prospects," Investec Ireland chief economist Philip O'Sullivan said.
"We would be inclined to 'look through' the marginal decline in the rate of growth implied by this week's PMIs and we anticipate stronger responses later in 2017."
(Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by Larry King)
* ICBC 2016 net profit up 0.4 pct
* Bankers pledge more debt-to-equity swaps
* Expect margin squeeze to ease later this year (Recasts, adds background, comments, details)
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, March 30 The world's largest lender, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) , reported its slowest rate of annual profit growth in more than a decade on Thursday, and China's bankers pledged to do more to help borrowers struggling with debt.
ICBC's results came after three other leading Chinese banks posted modest profit growth for last year, as they battle the lowest net interest margins since at least 2011 amid a slowing economy.
ICBC's 2016 net profit - of 278.25 billion yuan ($40.39 billion) - rose just 0.4 percent, a far cry from the 66 percent jump in annual profit it reported a decade ago.
China's main banks are preparing to roll out measures this year to ease the burden for struggling borrowers, and help reduce non-performing loans (NPLs), which surged to a decade-high for China's banks last year as the economy grew at its slowest pace in over a quarter century.
"This year, we plan to use 65 billion yuan in provisioning to resolve nearly 200 billion yuan in NPLs," ICBC Chairman Yi Huiman told a press conference on the bank's results.
ICBC plans 300 billion yuan of debt-for-equity swaps this year, they added, deals which ease the burden for struggling borrowers and help commercial lenders cut their NPL ratios.
The bank's chief risk officer said ICBC had a 2 billion yuan ($290.36 million) loan exposure to Huishan Dairy, which is battling to appease creditors after its share price slumped 85 percent in one day last week over financing concerns.
Second-ranked China Construction Bank (CCB) plans more than 300 billion yuan of debt-for-equity swaps in the first quarter alone, its president, Wang Zuji, told reporters on Thursday.
Earlier this week, Agricultural Bank of China (AgBank) said it was in talks to undertake more than 20 debt-to-equity deals after signing agreements with eight companies worth around 70 billion yuan.
MARGIN SQUEEZE
At ICBC, net interest margins (NIM) - the difference between interest paid and earned, and a key gauge of bank profitability - fell to 2.16 percent at end-December from 2.18 percent at end-September, after Beijing's six successive benchmark interest rate cuts in 2014-15.
CCB, AgBank and Bank of Communications (BoCom) have all this week reported their lowest NIM since at least 2011. But CCB expects its NIM to stabilise this year, Chief Financial Officer Xu Yiming told the news briefing.
Write-offs at ICBC jumped by nearly a quarter last year to 74.14 billion yuan, helping stem the flow of NPLs. The bank's NPL ratio was flat at 1.62 percent at end-December, and Yi said they expect asset quality to improve this year.
ICBC has shrunk its loan-loss allowance ratio - a measure of cash set aside as a percentage of reported NPLs - to at least a 5-year low of 136.65 percent as of end-2016. That's below a regulatory threshold of 150 percent, as rising bad debt write-offs erode capital buffers.
"In 2017, the global economy will maintain the overall trend of downturn, weakness, differentiation and turbulence," ICBC said in its annual report, citing increasing financial risks and the tightening of capital constraints as major obstacles this year.
($1 = 6.8897 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in SHANGHAI and Shu Zhang in BEIJING, with additional reporting by Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Ian Geoghegan)
April 28 Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd:
* Takeda announces FDA accelerated approval of ALUNBRIG(brigatinib)
* Says continued approval for ALK+ metastatic NSCLC indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial
* Says serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients in 90 mg group and 40% of patients in 90→180 mg group
* Says fatal adverse reactions occurred in 3.7% of patients
* Says the fatal adverse reactions consisted of pneumonia, sudden death, dyspnea, respiratory failure, pulmonary embolism, bacterial meningitis and urosepsis
* Says FDA approval of ALUNBRIG was primarily based on results from pivotal phase 2 alta trial of brigatinib in adults Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By LARRY LAGE, AP Sports Writer
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) — Jim Harbaugh has had their share of heartbreaking losses as a player and a coach.
As a quarterback, they almost completed a Hail Mary in the 1995 AFC championship game that could have lifted the Indianapolis Colts into the Super Bowl. As Michigan's coach two years ago, they watched from the sideline as their team botched a punt that would've sealed a win against Michigan State and a potential win turned into an improbable loss as time expired.
Where does that rank among disappointing setbacks?
“I didn't bring that list with me,” Harbaugh said.
For the first time since that unforgettable game , the seventh-ranked Wolverines (4-0, 1-0 Big Ten) will host the rival Spartans (3-1, 1-0) Saturday night.
Michigan lined up to punt with 10 seconds left and the leading, needing to snap the ball, punt it and avoid giving up a touchdown. The routine play turned out to be anything but as punter Blake O'Neill failed to handle the snap and Jalen Watts-Jackson grabbed the ball out of the air with their right hand, cradled it to their body and ran it into the end zone to give Michigan State the 27-23 victory.
“Just kind of sure the game was over that point, but it wasn't,” Wolverines defensive tackle senior Maurice Hurst recalled.
Here are some things to watch Saturday night at Michigan Stadium:
PLANNING A PAYBACK: Michigan won last year's matchup 32-23, ending a three-game losing streak in the series. The Spartans have won seven of the last nine games in a series Michigan has historically handled, going 69-35-5.
“They have gotten the better hand since I've been here,” Hurst said. “It is exciting to get another opportunity to play these guys and get some revenge for past years.”
ROLLING OUT: Michigan prides itself on playing man-to-man defense. That could help Michigan State move the ball on the ground with quarterback Brian Lewerke. The sophomore leads the team with 62 yards rushing per game and two rushing touchdowns. If Lewerke rolls out and their teammates can keep defensive ends and outside linebackers on the inside, they may have room to run.
How does cornerback Lavert Hill handle the challenge of covering receivers down the field when the quarterback may tuck the ball and run?
“Just stay your eyes on the man at all times,” Hill said. “Just don't look back at the quarterback until the ball's in the air and you know you can get it.”
Lewerke played against Michigan last year as a backup, throwing for 100 yards and a touchdown, but broke their leg during the game and missed the rest of the season.
UNDER CENTER: Michigan quarterback John O'Korn will make their first start of the season, filling in for Wilton Speight, who is out indefinitely with an undisclosed injury.
“I don't know if that changes who they are offensively or what they are going to call,” Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio said. “I think they are sort of similar in a lot of ways.”
SHUTTING IT DOWN: Michigan has not allowed its first four opponents to score in the fourth quarter and is allowing just 13.5 points per game.
PLEADING FOR PEACE: The emotionally packed rivalry, which divides the state and some households, will be played at night for the first time. That led to Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel and Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis teaming up to ask fans to behave.
“On behalf of both institutions, we invite you all to represent yourself and your favorite side in a manner befitting our proud communities,” they wrote in a letter addressed to the public.
___
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
More jobs are coming to Pittsburg, Kansas. City officials were invited to a groundbreaking Thursday for the expansion of "Apex Stage".
It's owned by "Progressive Products" in Pittsburg which produces items including conveying equipment, storm shelters and mobile stages through "Apex Stage". The company is building a one-million dollar facility and adding ten new jobs including welders, fabricators and general labor jobs.
"We have been running at capacity for a while now but what's difficult is we can't solve our problem by just adding new people" said Progressive Products president Todd Allison. "The equipment that we build is so large we actually physically have to have more space."
The company hopes to have the expansion complete by the end of the year.
Heating a mixture of gases to furnace temperatures is one way to make a diamond film, nature's hardest substance. Adding boron to the gas mixture may create new materials.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - University of Alabama at Birmingham physicists have taken the first step in a five-year effort to create novel compounds that surpass diamonds in heat resistance and nearly rival them in hardness.
They are supported by a five-year, $20 million National Science Foundation award to create new materials and improve technologies using the fourth state of matter -- plasma.
Plasma -- unlike the other three states of matter, solid, liquid and gas -- does not exist naturally on Earth. This ionized gaseous substance can be made by heating neutral gases. In the lab, Yogesh Vohra, a professor and university scholar in the UAB Department of Physics, uses plasma to create thin diamonds film. Such films have many potential uses, such as coatings to make artificial joints long-lasting or to maintain the sharpness of cutting tools, developing sensors for extreme environments or creating new super-hard materials.
To make a diamond film, Vohra and colleagues stream a mix of gases into a vacuum chamber, heating them with microwaves to create plasma. The low pressure in the chamber is equivalent to the atmosphere 14 miles above the Earth's surface. After four hours, the vapor has deposited a thin diamond film on its target.
In a paper in the journal Materials, Vohra and colleagues in the UAB College of Arts and Sciences investigated how the addition of boron, while making a diamond film, changed properties of the diamond material.
It was already known that, if the gases are a mix of methane and hydrogen, the researchers get a microcrystalline diamond film made up of many tiny diamond crystals that average about 800 nanometers in size. If nitrogen is added to that gas mixture, the researchers get nanostructured diamond, made up of extremely tiny diamond crystals averaging just 60 nanometers in size.
In the present study, the Vohra team added boron, in the form of diborane, or B2H6, to the hydrogen/methane/nitrogen feed gas and found surprising results. The grain size in the diamond film abruptly increased from the 60-nanometer, nanostructured size seen with the hydrogen/methane/nitrogen feed gas to an 800-nanometer, microcrystalline size. Furthermore, this change occurred with just minute amounts of diborane, only 170 parts per million in the plasma.
Using optical emission spectroscopy and varying the amounts of diborane in the feed gas, Vohra's group found that the diborane decreases the amounts of carbon-nitrogen radicals in the plasma. Thus, Vohra said, "our study has clearly identified the role of carbon-nitrogen species in the synthesis of nanostructured diamond and suppression of carbon-nitrogen species by addition of boron to the plasma."
Since the addition of boron can also change the diamond film from a nonconductor into a semiconductor, the UAB results offer a new control of both diamond film grain size and electrical properties for various applications.
Over the next several years, Vohra and colleagues will probe the use of the microwave plasma chemical vapor deposition process to make thin films of boron carbides, boron nitrides and carbon-boron-nitrogen compounds, looking for compounds that survive heat better than diamonds and also have a diamond-like hardness. In the presence of oxygen, diamonds start to burn at about 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit.
###
Co-authors with Vohra of the paper, "Morphological transition in diamond thin-films induced by boron in a microwave plasma deposition process," are Paul A. Baker, Ph.D., UAB Department of Physics, and David R. Goodloe, Birmingham Southern College. Goodloe did summer undergraduate research under a NASA program at UAB.
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation under a cooperative Agreement, OIA-1655280, and a NASA Alabama Space Grant Consortium-Research Experiences for Undergraduates program, NNX15AJ18H.
× Woman dies after being dragged by red SUV
SAN DIEGO — A woman dragged by an SUV early this week in downtown San Diego's East Village suffered a head injury and died a day later, police said Friday.
Investigators reported the incident for the first time Friday and asked the public's help to find the driver, who's wanted for vehicular manslaughter and felony hit and run.
The incident, involving a newer model red Ford Escape, happened about 7:10 a.m. near the intersection of Island Avenue and 15th Street, said Sgt. Victoria Houseman with the San Diego Police Department's traffic division. That's where the 46-year-old victim, accompanied by a man, approached the suspect's passenger side front window and struck up some sort of communication.
“As a conversation took place between the female and the driver, the female reached into the vehicle,” Houseman said. “For unknown reasons, the driver accelerated, dragging the female about 15 feet before they fell from the vehicle and landed on their head.”
The suspect sped away northbound on 15th Street while the victim was taken to a hospital, Houseman said. They died Tuesday from the head injury.
The driver of the Escape was described as a white man in their 60s with white hair and a full but trimmed white beard. Their red Escape had California license plates with unknown numbers.
Anyone with information regarding the incident was asked to call the SDPD's traffic division at 858-495-7808. Tipsters who wish to remain anonymous can contact San Diego County Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477 or online at sdcrimestoppers.org.
Scroll for more content...
The first lady of Honduras discouraged citizens of their country from attempting to cross the US-Mexico border illegally and pledged to address the problems that led them to flee.
"Stay in the country and let's look for solutions to support you," Ana García Carías, the wife of Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández said on Monday.
García Carías made the comments after touring an immigration processing center in McAllen, Texas, with members of a Honduran government child migrant task force that they lead. The first lady has visited shelters for migrants in the US and Mexico before; this visit marked their first since the Trump administration's zero-tolerance immigration policy took effect.
Honduras -- the second-poorest country in Central America, with 60.9% of the population living in poverty -- is one of the top five countries from where undocumented immigrants enter the United States. Of 12.1 million undocumented immigrants living in the US in 2014, 400,000 were from Honduras, according to Department of Homeland Security Statistics published in 2017.
During their visit to Ursula Processing Center, they said they were able to confirm that children are no longer being separated from their parents. From the processing center, families are sent within 72 hours to detention centers in Texas, they said. Or, they are released with electronic monitors on their ankles, they said.
They said they spoke with representatives from US Customs and Border Protection about its plans for processing migrants under the Trump administration's executive order, but they did not provide details. Nor did they elaborate on what they described as a conversation about information-sharing between the US and Honduras about providing consular services for unaccompanied children.
In fiscal year 2017, 40,810 unaccompanied children were referred to the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Refugee Resettlement, 23% of whom were from Honduras.
Widespread gang violence fuels the instability and suffering. Criminals have extorted Hondurans into paying an arbitrary "war tax" for their survival. Those who can't pay often are killed. One man who entered the US from Honduras with their 3-year-old son last week described fleeing such a threat. Another woman who spoke to CNN said gang members threatened to kill them and their son if they did not join them.
García Carías said they spent time with families and unaccompanied minors from Honduras and discussed the reasons that led them to flee. Some said they wished to be reunited with relatives; some sought better economic opportunities than those available in Honduras; some said they fled violence.
García Carías said Honduras' President is committed to fighting those circumstances, and urged families to stay in the country for their children's safety.
"More jobs, more education, better infrastructure and the safety of all is a priority for the government."
Officials probing an alleged £35million fraud have swooped on a property in Gloucestershire.
Seven men and three women have been arrested as part of an ongoing investigation by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) into a suspected £35 million tax fraud and money laundering case.
More than 80 officers from HMRC searched three private and 12 business addresses in Bath, Bournemouth, Bristol, Berkshire, Exeter, Stroud, Swindon and Yate on Wednesday, October 4.
Network Rail admits mistake over wrong sign on bridge
Computers and business records were seized during the operation. Those arrested were interviewed by HMRC and have been released under investigation. Investigations are continuing.
Those arrested in the UK are:
36-year-old man and a 32-year-old woman from Berkshire
28-year-old man from Bristol
45-year-old man from Bristol
27-year-old man from Bristol
35-year-old woman from Bristol
44-year-old man from Swindon
36-year-old woman from Bournemouth
33-year-old man from Exeter
41-year-old man from Newport (Wales)
Colin Spinks, assistant director of the HMRC fraud investigation service said: “Tax fraud is often thought victimless but it isn't; the public lose out on vital funds for essential services. We will continue to work with our partners to tackle this crime and ask anyone with information about this kind of activity to contact our HMRC Fraud Hotline on 0800 788 887.”
Anyone with information regarding tax fraud is encouraged to contact the HMRC Fraud Hotline on 0800 788 887 or report it online at: http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/reportingfraud/online.htm
Chargers: Linebacker Denzel Perryman left the field on a cart after Los Angeles' first defensive series with a left ankle injury. The Chargers were crushed by injuries in each of the past two seasons, and Perryman is expected to call the plays as their starting middle linebacker this fall. They returned to the sideline in the second half on crutches with their foot in a walking boot. “I'm not sure how bad it is right now,” Lynn said.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Water moves past a car swept into the riverbank and smashed by a fallen tree is shown just off Main Street in flood-ravaged Ellicott City, Md., May 28, 2018.
David McFadden, AP
It's official: The rain that caused devastating floods in Ellicott City, Md., on Sunday was a 1-in-1,000 events.
According to a preliminary report from the National Weather Service, the amount of rain that fell had less than 0.1% chance of occurring in a given year, or something that was likely to occur once every 1,000 years.
At least 6 inches of rain fell on Ellicott City in three hours, leading to horrific floods that killed one man and ruined the small town's historic Main Street area.
This is the second such occurrence in the past two years, which the weather service called "amazing" to have "two such rare events over the same area in the last 22 months."
The previous flood, on July 30, 2016, killed two people and also did tremendous damage to the town.
The use of the term "1-in-1,000-year" rainstorm — and the fact that two such storms can occur in two years — can be confusing and controversial, as the Washington Post's Capital Weather Gang explains:
"People often fail to appreciate that when scientists declare that a storm is a 1,000-year, 500-year or 100-year event, it does not mean this extreme rainfall will necessarily happen that infrequently. These return intervals just express probabilities, which lead some to underestimate the risks they signify."
A better way to think about it is that 99.9% of the time, such an event will never happen,” Shane Hubbard, a meteorological researcher at University of Wisconsin told the Post.
NOAA/NWS Hydrometeorological Design Studies Center preliminary analysis indicates the 3-hourly max rainfall totals across Ellicott City MD area on Sunday have a 0.1% (1 in 1000) chance of occurring in a given year. Amazing...2 such rare events over the same area in last 22 months pic.twitter.com/wz1xT4XHwN — NWS Eastern Region (@NWSEastern) May 30, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) – Authorities say a 32-year-old miner has been killed at a mine in southern West Virginia.
The Office of Miners' Health, Safety and Training says the incident occurred shortly before 9 p.m. Tuesday at the Rockwell Mining LLC Gateway Eagle Mine.
Authorities identified the miner as Rodney S. Osborne of Artie, West Virginia.
They were operating a continuous miner, a machine with a rotating steel drum and conveyor system, to extract coal.
The state office says its inspectors are investigating. The mine in Boone County was idle Wednesday.
The underground mining complex produces metallurgical coal and is owned by Blackhawk Mining based in Lexington, Kentucky. The company says it's cooperating fully with state and federal investigators.
Related
Comments
comments
received the Keeping The Blues Alive Award from the Blues Foundation in Memphis Tennessee.
Chesapeake Bay Events and Saran Petska, Event Coordinator and Vice President of Chesapeake Bay Events accepted the award on behalf of all of the loyal fans who return to Sandy Point State park in Annapolis every May, the family and friends who volunteer year after year and the sponsors, without whom we could not succeed. Don Hooker, founder and CEO ofEvents and Saran Petska, Event Coordinator and Vice President of Chesapeake Bay Events accepted the award on behalf of all of the loyal fans who return to Sandy Point State park in Annapolis every May, the family and friends who volunteer year after year and the sponsors, without whom we could not succeed.
The festival is celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. It is considered to be one of the premier Blues Festivals in the world. Outside of providing top caliber entertainment, the festival also gives ALL net proceeds to charity.
Brazos County District Court Update
Six members of a former local fraternity were in a Brazos County district courtroom last Friday making their case to throw out felony drug charges. Following oral arguments on their motion to suppress evidence found by College Station police at the now dormant Sigma Nu house, lawyers were told to submit written arguments by October 25th. A seventh former member is scheduled to go on trial next month on a misdemeanor charge. Two others pleaded no contest to misdemeanor charges. And a tenth member was arrested last month. The search at the Sigma Nu house followed last year's death of an 11th member last year from an accidental overdose of several different types of opiates.
A Bryan man whose criminal history includes an attempted murder 21 years ago has returned to prison. The Brazos County district attorney's office reports 39 year old Jerome Searcy admitted to multiple drug charges and was sentenced to 30 years in prison. Prosecutors cited three incidents that took place in April and in August of last year. The first, on April Fools' Day, officers found about $2,700 dollars of cocaine after Searcy's car was pulled over for running a stop sign. On August 18th of last year, Searcy was able to elude officers from another traffic violation. They were caught August 30th of last year during a search of their home where more cocaine was found, along with $10,000 dollars cash.
The DA's office also reports a Bryan man was sentenced to seven years in prison for two residential burglaries that took place in September of last year. The punishment for 19 year old Shonley Ballom was a combination of a jury conviction for breaking into a home while three Texas A&M students were sleeping. The next night, Ballom was discovered in another home by the occupant who had walked into the kitchen. All the property taken from both burglaries was found in Ballom's home. Prosecutors also reported Ballom's sentence included guilty pleas to misdemeanor crimes of a vehicle burglary, evading arrest, family violence assault, and violating a protective order.
NORRISTOWN, Penn. — Jurors in Bill Cosby's indecent assault trial deliberated late for a third day but still could not reach a verdict Wednesday.
Prosecutors say the famed comedian drugged and sexually assaulted Andrea Constand, the director of operations for Temple University's women's basketball team, at their home near Philadelphia in January 2004. Cosby, 79, pleaded not guilty to three charges of aggravated indecent assault.
The jury of seven men and five women were bused in from Allegheny County near Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in a hotel for the trial. They began deliberating Monday evening, continued all day Tuesday and Wednesday. So far the jury has discussed the case for 28 hours and they will resume deliberations Thursday at 9 a.m. ET.
Jurors have asked six questions so far during their deliberations. They asked the judge to repeat two parts of Cosby's statements to authorities, asked the court to define the phrase “without their knowledge” in one of the charges, and asked to rehear testimony from the Canadian detective who interviewed Constand.
They also wanted to rehear what the one defense witness, Det. Richard Schaffer, testified to about their talk with Cosby.
Earlier, they had asked to rehear Constand's testimony about the night of the alleged assault. Jurors also asked Wednesday evening to rehear testimony from the Cheltenham police detective who interviewed Cosby in January 2005.
Prosecutors called 12 witnesses over a week of testimony, but presented almost no forensic evidence. Cosby declined to testify in their own defense, and their attorneys only called Schaffer, a detective with the Cheltenham Township County police department. Legal experts said the trial fits the “he said-she said” arguments so common to sexual offense cases.
The three charges accuse Cosby of assaulting Constand without their consent, assaulting them when they were unconscious and assaulting them using drugs to substantially impair their ability to consent. If found guilty, they could face up to 10 years in prison for each charge.
Though dozens of women have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct, only Constand's accusations led to criminal charges. One other accuser, Kelly Johnson, testified that they were drugged and assaulted in 1996 as prosecutors sought to establish that Cosby had a pattern of assault.
‘They're your friends'
Constand testified over two days last week for the prosecution. In clear and firm statements, they said Cosby, a powerful Temple alum, mentored them and took an interest in their career like a father figure. The comedian, 37 years their elder, twice made what they called “suggestive” passes at her, but they rebuffed him, they said.
But when speaking about their career plans one night at their home, the sweater-wearing actor known as “America's Dad” gave them three blue pills that they said were herbal and would help them relax, they testified.
“Put them down, they're your friends. They'll take the edge off,” Cosby told her, they testified. “I said ‘I trust you.' I took the pills and I swallowed the pills down.”
They became incapacitated and felt “frozen” and told them so, they testified. Cosby then placed them on the couch and sexually assaulted them without their consent, they said.
They woke up on the couch early in the morning with their clothes disheveled, they said.
“I felt really humiliated and I was really confused,” they said through tears. “I just wanted to go home.”
Cosby lowered and shook their head in the courtroom as they spoke.
Gianna Constand, the accuser's fiercely protective mother, testified that Cosby apologized over the phone to them and their daughter and offered to pay for their schooling. Cosby also declined to tell them what pills they had given Andrea Constand, but they did say they were from a prescription bottle, they testified.
‘I was mistaken'
Defense attorneys argued that the sexual contact was part of a consenting relationship between Cosby and Constand. They cast Cosby as an unfaithful husband — but not a criminal.
In a tense cross-examination, defense attorneys pointed out that several of Constand's initial statements to police, including the date of the alleged assault, were later proved to be false.
“I was really nervous and wasn't able to recall every particular moment that I had seen Mr. Cosby in order of dates,” they explained.
In addition, Constand initially told police that they had not been alone with Cosby prior to the alleged assault and that they had little contact after. However, they testified that they had been alone in a hotel room with Cosby beforehand, and that there were 72 calls between the two afterward.
They also asked Cosby's representatives for free tickets for them and their family to see Cosby's stand-up show in Toronto in August, half a year after the alleged assault.
But they said the hotel room meeting was not romantic, and explained that they made those phone calls in their job responsibility at Temple. They got the show tickets because their family loved Cosby, and they hadn't yet told them about the alleged assault.
Defense attorneys said those were not the actions of a sexual assault victim, and suggested they were lying.
“I was mistaken,” they said. “It was a lot of confusion putting a lot of dates together.”
Jurors did hear Cosby's side of the story — but not in their voice. Prosecutors and police detectives read aloud portions of Cosby's statements to police in 2005 and in a civil deposition in 2006. In those interviews, Cosby admitted to sexual contact with Constand and said they had previously had a romantic encounter.
They also said the pills they gave them were over-the-counter Benadryl, which they admitted can cause sleepiness.
In the civil deposition, Cosby admitted that they had previously obtained prescriptions for Quaaludes, a powerful sedative, with the intention of giving the drugs to women with whom they wanted to have sex.
Prosecutors say their prior use of Quaaludes shows that Cosby had knowledge of what they were doing when they gave them the pills.
How we got here
Constand initially told police about the alleged assault in January 2005, a year after they say it took place. The district attorney at the time declined to press charges, citing insufficient evidence. They sued Cosby in a civil suit and settled for an undisclosed amount in 2006.
In late 2014, dozens of women went public with accusations that Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted them over the course of their lengthy comedic career.
In July 2015, a judge unsealed Cosby's deposition in that 2006 civil lawsuit. Their admissions in that deposition led Montgomery County prosecutors to file charges against him.
The trial started on June 5. Cosby, who is legally blind and carries a cane, has arrived in court each day with someone from the world of entertainment. Keshia Knight Pulliam, who played Rudy Huxtable on “The Cosby Show,” escorted Cosby into court on the first day of the trial.
Their wife Camille walked into court with them on Monday, their first appearance at the trial.
Despite the so-called defeat of the Daesh-linked Maute extremist group in May, Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte submitted a request to lawmakers Monday to extend martial law across the archipelago's southern region of Mindanao by one year.
The new declaration would also ban the presence of the media in the region. The objective behind the extension is the "total eradication of Muslim extremists and communists," Al Jazeera reported.
Considering how many people have been killed and forcibly displaced from their homes, not everyone agrees that Duterte's motives are about creating peace.
​Speaking to Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear, Adrian Bonifacio, national chair of the leftist coalition Anakbayan-USA, says Duterte's extension is an attempt "to kind of consolidate power and silence the opposition of people who are fighting against the military rule in Mindanao."
The ban on media doesn't help the situation either, says Bonifacio. For him, it means that Duterte's administration will simply be given the go-ahead to act as it wishes without having to worry about repercussions.
"It really harkens back to the days of previous presidents, including former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, under which there was a huge media massacre in Ampatuan," says Bonifacio. "This is something that we really have to be careful about."
© REUTERS/ Jonathan Ernst Philippines President Kicks off ASEAN Summit, Serenades Donald Trump
The Ampatuan massacre, also known as the Maguindanao massacre, took place on the island of Mindanao in 2009 and saw the deaths of 58 people — at least 34 of whom were media members. Arroyo afterward declared a state of martial law in order to get a handle on the violence in Mindanao.
But while former US President Barack Obama was vocal about human rights violations in the Philippines, Duterte has received nothing but "explicit support" from US President Donald Trump. This, says Bonifacio, has only worked to "embolden" the 57-year-old native of Maasin, Philippines.
"Duterte has really been emboldened… emboldened to take more action not just against people who they claims are destabilizing the political order, but they have kind of expanded that to legal activists, community organizers, and human rights defenders in addition to the people who are waging an armed struggle," said Bonifacio. "We can see that Duterte is trying to really consolidate political power and we can see that he's trying to do it with an iron fist method."
A decision on Duterte's request is expected by Friday.
Durban - The father of a Durban girl killed following a botched hijacking in Shallcross on Monday, has said they are holding onto their faith and that is what is keeping them strong as they deal their daughter's death.
Shailendra Sukhraj was talking to The Mercury after KwaZulu-Natal MEC for Transport, Community safety and Liaison, Mxolisi Kaunda and eThekwini Mayor, Zandile Gumede, visited the Sukhraj family home on Wednesday.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
"(My faith) is what is helping me. It is carrying me through. Sixteen years ago, I buried my brother (who was) shot dead. Sixteen years later I now bury my daughter (who was) shot dead. What has sustained me is the peace that I have in Christ Jesus," they said.
Read: #RIPSadia - Chatsworth protesters released on bail
On Monday, the Chatsworth community was left outraged when Sadia Sukhraj died after a failed hijacking attempt. Sadia, 9, was seated in their father's car when three men approached the vehicle. Sukhraj had alighted from the Hyundai SUV to drop off their younger son. Sadia had waited for their father in the car.
It is alleged that the men got into the vehicle and sped off. There was a shooting that occurred and the men crashed into a truck before the vehicle veered down an embankment. One of the men died at the scene, while their accomplice, Sibonelo Mkhize was arrested. A third man fled the scene.
Mkhize appeared in the Durban Magistrates Court on Wednesday on charges of murder, kidnapping and theft.  They are due back in court on Thursday.
Meanwhile, 17 people arrested during protest action outside the Chatsworth police station on Monday, have been granted bail.
The Mercury
In its guidelines for the use of gender-inclusive language, the University of Dayton proposes the elimination of the gender-specific terms of “husband” and “wife,” substituting them with “spouse, partner, significant other.”
Despite the fact that the Catholic Church views matrimony as a stable union between a man and a woman, the Catholic college informs its students that “gender neutral language does not assume a gender with the individual who is being discussed” and thus spouse, partner and significant other are preferable to the traditional terms of husband and wife.
The watchful eyes at The College Fix, a conservative, student-staffed campus watchdog site, discovered the curious norms being fed to students and staff reached out to university officials for comment.
“The gender inclusive language is an educational resource — it is neither a guide nor an advisory nor does it represent University of Dayton or Women's Center policy — and has been posted on the website for at least three years,” read a statement provided to The College Fix. “It is an educational resource geared to assist those who prefer to use gender inclusive language as well as those who wish to avoid assuming the gender of an individual being discussed.”
Along with offending terms such as husband and wife, the university proposes an extended list of expressions that should be replaced by other words that do not convey a determined sex.
Thus, expressions such as “common man,” “ best person for the job,” and “gentleman's agreement” are to be eliminated in favor of more inclusive terms, such as “common person,” “best person for the job,” and “informal agreement.”
Similarly, “mankind,” “man-made,” and “manpower” are more properly expressed by the gender-neutral terms of “humankind, society,” “manufactured, synthetic,” or “workforce, labor,” the university website states.
According to the school's website, the University of Dayton is a Catholic university and is committed “to the dignity of the human person as a creative and social being created in the image and likeness of God.”
In recent years Pope Francis has insisted over and over on the essential difference between men and women, who together image God, contending that men and women are essentially different and not interchangeable.
Starting from the biblical passage that reads “in the image of God they created him; male and female they created them,” the pope declared that both men and women are necessary to truly “image” God, in an address in 2015.
“Not only the man taken in themselves is the image of God; not only the woman taken in themselves is the image of God, but also man and woman together, as a couple: they are the image of God,” they said.
This complementarity between men and woman is also a key element of effective parenting, the pope said, noting that a child deserves both a mother and a father and that neither is superfluous nor replaceable.
“Experience teaches us,” they said, “that to grow harmoniously the human being needs the reciprocity between man and woman. When it's not there, we see the consequences,” they said.
“Without the mutual enrichment in this relationship,” they said, “the two cannot even fully understand what it means to be a man and woman.”
Gender theory, which blurs or seeks to eliminate the differences between the sexes is ultimately damaging for a truly human society, the pope said, since it sows doubt and confusion.
“I wonder,” they said, “whether the so-called theory of gender is not an expression of frustration and resignation, which tries to erase sexual differences because it doesn't know how to handle them.”
Removing sexual differences, Francis declared, “is the problem, not the solution.” Acting as if these differences didn't matter means “taking a step backwards,” they said.
“God has entrusted the earth to the covenant between man and woman,” Francis said. Its failure “dries up the world of affection and darkens the sky of hope.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
<< "Wild west comes to Wayne County" - "Sunday in the Park slated" >>
Putting on a show
By Ethan Smith
Published in News on October 6, 2017 5:50 AM
Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO William Tripp, 3, gives their donkey Jenny Mac, 13, a kiss before their first-ever show Thursday night at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Jolyn Tatum, right, and Walker Ruthven, 2, pet 3-month-old Pistol Annie before the Open Pony and Mule Show Thursday night at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair. The pony belongs to Scott Massey, 5, at left, who has been participating in shows almost all their life. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Micah Davis, 5, walks their 30-year-old horse, Candy, around the competition area during the Open Pony and Mule Show Thursday night at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair. Micah has been showing horses for three years and plans to spend their winnings on rides. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Angela Paim holds their horse Blue Jay as they attempt to calm them before the Open Horse Show Thursday night before the show. New to the area, this is the first time Paim has competed in the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair.
William Tripp stood beside Jenny Mac just outside the ring Thursday evening.
They looked around, stuck their thumbs in the belt loops of their jeans -- and then planted a quick kiss on Jenny's cheek.
The 6-year-old was about to compete in their first-ever children's class of the Open Pony and Mule show at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair.
Jenny, a 13-year-old mule, was at their side to help them make an entrance into the world of livestock shows.
Tripp said they were a little nervous but mostly excited.
They would occasionally nuzzle their head into Jenny's before looking back out at the livestock shelter.
Around them were other tiny competitors -- including 5-year-old Scott Massey's 3-month-old pony, Pistol Annie.
Pistol Annie was a quick crowd favorite because of their tiny size -- Massey, despite their age, was bigger than them
Massey has been showing animals since they were less than 1-year-old, so the Seven Springs native had no trouble in the corral.
Many members of the crowd stopped to take photos with the tiny pony, and plenty of other children wanted to pet them
But Massey and Tripp weren't the youngest competitors by a long shot -- 4-month old Remie Byrd showed off their mule, Margie, with a little help from their father, Grant Byrd, and Phil Massengill.
The men said showing livestock was a family thing, and Massengill hoisted Remie -- decked out in baby blue jeans -- onto the back of the mule during the show when they all got to the center of the corral.
"We've all done it, so they came along, and it was their turn to show," Byrd's father said.
The tiny tikes showing off their mules and ponies quickly won over the crowd, and the judges -- they all took home a blue ribbon.
Micah Davis, 5, was ecstatic when they discovered they had won money for the win in the show.
And they knew just what to do with it -- they were going to ride just about every ride they were tall enough to get on at the fair.
Looming behind the mules and ponies were greater beasts -- large horses warming and stretching their legs with their owners, waiting for their turn to be shown.
Angela Paim, originally from the Mount Airy area, recently moved to the area and was competing for the first time in the Open Horse Show.
They brought 2-year-old Blue Jay and 8-year-old Henry, two large horses who share the same father.
Blue Jay's mother was a Clydesdale, giving them the unique trait of having black legs that finished with a shock of white.
Paim said it was Blue Jay's first show, and they were having to grow accustomed to the motion of the lurching and swooping rides inside the fairgrounds.
They explained that motion -- not noise -- is what causes horses to become skittish, as they are prey animals and believe everything in motion is out to get them, imparting on them a natural flight response.
But, as the evening pressed on, the horses settled in and became more calm, ready to take their place in the ring.
"It's just experienced," Paim said. "It's repetitive exposure to the motion that allows them to calm down."
April 24 (UPI) -- A California sheriff's office received an early-morning visit from some local black bears that scampered off after being told the office wasn't open yet.
The video, recorded Sunday morning, shows Deputy Wroobel sneaking out into the parking lot at the Placer County Sheriff's Office's North Lake Tahoe station to get a closer look at some wandering bears.
"The sheriff's office opens at 9 a.m.," Wroobel says when they are close to the animals. "Come back then."
The bears then run off into the morning.
"Looks like the local bears are wide awake and hungry," the sheriff's office wrote on Facebook. "They seemed well-mannered; as soon as they were told we weren't open yet, they moved along!"
After the highs of Louth, a bump back to reality for Leitrim's footballers against Monaghan last Saturday but it was a gentle bump that nevertheless spoke of hope for the future and potential.
A physically powerful and tactically astute Monaghan absorbed Leitrim's early fire and brimstone and rode out the storm comfortably in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada to seal their place in round 4 of the All-Ireland Senior Championship Qualifiers.
Yet despite a 13 point loss, it was hard to find too many Leitrim supporters who were irate or upset last Saturday evening. In fact, it was just the opposite as most Green & Gold fans were happy heading for home, happy that they may just have witnessed the first stirrings of a new competitive Leitrim team.
Leitrim played with a spirit and verve that fans have been crying out for, for some years, attacking their vaunted rivals in the first 20 minutes, creating two goal chances and holding Monaghan to three points apiece after the first quarter.
Leitrim's hard running, intense work-rate and fearlessness might even have a few Green & Gold supporters dreaming of a major shock. But Monaghan, just like Roscommon had done, ruthlessly, quietly and so efficiently shut down those dreams.
Seven points to one before halftime suddenly left Leitrim with a mountain to climb against a Monaghan team who adopted different tactics in the searing heat last Saturday as they let the ball do all the work and watched as Leitrim's intense workrate gradually slowed and faded.
In the second half, with a comfortable gap established, Monaghan started to run the ball and exploited tired Leitrim legs, slowly but surely expanding their lead before a final cruel blow when Conor McCarthy applied the coup de grace with a goal two minutes from time.
Just like the Roscommon game, Leitrim were left cursing missed chances against a team that did not miss when it truly mattered and although Monaghan were a lot more wasteful than Kevin McStay's side, they were much more miserly in defence.
Yet there was a much different feel to what transpired against Roscommon - first of all, Leitrim produced this performance after suffering the loss of six players from the panel, four of them quite probably first choice selections.
But in their absence, Leitrim look to have found a new spirit and a new way to play where the pace of Jack Heslin, Darragh Rooney and Ryan O'Rourke was allied to surging runs from Shane Quinn, Aidan Flynn and Paddy Maguire.
Realistically Leitrim were never going to repeat their amazing 25 point hauls of the Louth game and once they were faced with defenders of the calibre of Karl O'Connell, Conor Boyle, Ryan Wylie and a midfielder like Darren Hughes, scoring chances were always at a premium.
The chances of Division 4 Leitrim shocking Division 1 Monaghan, the only team to beat Dublin in League or championship this year, was practically nil when you consider the shock Malachy O'Rourke's side got when falling to Fermanagh in the Ulster Championship.
But what last Saturday may allow Leitrim to do is lay some foundations - the win against Louth, with its incredible 25 points, could possibly be explained as an aberration but playing with fire, with spirit and resilience against a team as highly rated as Monaghan is the sort of performance a future can be built upon.
Leitrim will now attack next year's Division 4 with a hell of a lot more confidence than they might have before and with ambitions expanded and although the presence of Antrim and Derry won't make it easy, Leitrim will attack 2019 with fierce ambition.
The question of whether Brendan Guckian will be at the helm is another matter. The St. Mary's Kiltoghert clubman has had two tough years and a lot of crazy criticism given where Leitrim football is coming from over the last few years.
The road ahead is still difficult but Guckian has laid solid foundations and introduced 17 new players to championship football but you have to wonder if those foundations could conceivably be jeopardised by a change in management.
The manager has earned the right to decide if they want to stay on and the feeling from chatting with the players who saw action last weekend is they want Guckian to stay on too.
There looks as if there could be a bright future for Leitrim football but the right decisions need to be made in the coming weeks if the Green & Gold are to progress further in 2019 and beyond. It is not a quick process but this is mainly a young team with lots of years ahead of it.
But for the first time in a few years, Leitrim will look back with reasonable happiness on the championship and justified hope for the future.
GAME AT A GLANCE
Main Man: Jack Heslin followed up their Louth heroics with another brilliant display here while Micheal McWeeney, Paddy Maguire, Shane Quinn and Ryan O'Rourke stood tall. No doubting the class in the Monaghan ranks with Conor McCarthy, Colin Walshe and Karl O'Connell starring.
Talking Point: Leitrim lost six players from the panel after the Roscommon game but it might have been the best thing that happened. A more open, faster and fluid attacking style developed and it certainly has won the approval from the county's fans.
Turning Point: None as such as Monaghan always looked as if they could lift it but if Leitrim had got one of their two missed goal chances, who knows what might have happened.
Ref Watch: Niall Cullen of Fermanagh did an overall good job and was consistent but with one exception. A yellow card for Conor McManus looked like it should have been red as the Monaghan man's fame may have saved him.
Highlight: Jack Heslin's wonderful running from deep caused consternation in the Monaghan defence, one of the few times they looked rattled.
Lowlight: Monaghan's goal was more than a little harsh on a brave Leitrim whose efforts deserved more than a 13 point loss.
TEAMS & SCORERS
LEITRIM
Scorers: Emlyn Mulligan 0-4, 4f; Jack Heslin 0-3; Ryan O'Rourke 0-2
Team: Diarmuid McKiernan; Paddy Maguire, James Mitchell, Michael McWeeney; James Rooney, Shane Quinn, Noel Plunkett; Jack Heslin, Donal Wrynn; Aidan Flynn, Ryan O'Rourke, Brendan Gallagher; Darragh Rooney, Damien Moran, Emlyn Mulligan. Subs: Dean McGovern for Gallagher (33), Cillian McGloin for Plunkett (HT), Domhnaill Flynn for Moran (54), Eoin Ward for Heslin (61), N McWeeney for J Rooney (67), Jack Gilheany for Wrynn (71)
MONAGHAN
Scorers: Conor McCarthy 1-3, 2f; Conor McManus 0-5, 3f; Rory Beggan (1f, 1 45), Paudie McKenna & Jack McCarron (2f) 0-2 each; Ryan Wylie; Fintan Kelly, Colin Walshe, Dessie Ward & Karl O'Connell 0-1 each
Team: Rory Beggan; Kieran Duffy, Conor Boyle, Ryan Wylie; Fintan Kelly, Colin Walshe, Dessie Ward; Niall Kearns, Darren Hughes; Ryan McAnespie, Dermot Malone, Karl O'Connell; Conor McCarthy, Thomas Kerr, Conor McManus. Subs: Owen Duffy & Shane Carey for Malone & T Kerr (44), Paudie McKenna for Kelly (47), Neil McAdam for Hughes (50), Dessie Mone for Boyle (54), Jack McCarron for McManus (61)
Referee: Niall Cullen (Fermanagh)
With their proposal for deeper European integration, SPD leader Martin Schulz has big plans to transform the EU into a bloc with a common constitution. Their initiative hasn't been met with excitement among the conservatives, but the German foreign minister and member of Angela Merkel's CDU/CSU party, Siegmar Gabriel, has supported the move.
German FM Siegmar Gabriel criticized the harsh reaction of their CDU/CSU colleagues toward SPD leader Martin Schulz's proposal to promote the idea of a so-called "United States of Europe," Tagesschau reported.
Members of the conservative party on Saturday rejected the SPD chairperson's idea of deeper integration within the EU, but Gabriel urged them to refrain from attacking someone who proposes new ideas.
"Politics is often criticized for not having any visions," Gabriel said. "Now someone has an idea — namely, Martin Schulz — about how to move forward with Europe, but everyone falls upon him."
According to Gabriel, Europe must become an institution "representing European citizens on the global level."
In the "changing world," national states are incapable of withstanding global challenges on their own, they argued, adding that "if we do not stand together, then our children will have no voice" on the international stage.
Schulz's move came amid a new round of grand coalition talks with Angela Merkel that may put an end to the political deadlock in the country.
The transformation of the EU into a more deeply integrated bloc is supposed to take place by 2025.
In their recent speech, the SPD leader stated that the concept of a national state has become outdated. The initiative, however, was criticized by their opponents as a move that might increase tensions in the European community.
HTS Epoll – Would You Support A Change in Land Use of the Pigeon Island National Landmark?
In this edition of the HTS Epoll Miguel asks, Would You Support A Change in Land Use of the Pigeon Island National Landmark? Cast your vote on our website htsstlucia.org.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
With the upcoming direct route, Philippine Airlines will cancel its existing Manila-Cairns-Auckland service on December 5
Published 6:30 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Lucio Tan-led Philippine Airlines (PAL) announced it will begin flying nonstop from Manila to the New Zealand capital of Auckland on December 6 this year.
The flag carrier currently flies to Auckland, but with a stopover in Cairns, Australia.
"With the forthcoming nonstop service, travel time to Auckland will be reduced to 10 hours from the current 12.15-hour Manila-Auckland via Cairns route," PAL said in a statement on Monday, August 14.
PAL added that the new service would make it the only local airline to fly directly to New Zealand's capital. Besides PAL, Air New Zealand also offers a direct flight between Manila and Auckland.
The nonstop Manila-Auckland service will operate via PR218 thrice weekly – every Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday – leaving Manila at 11:15 pm and arriving in Auckland at 2:05 pm local time the following day.
PR219 will leave Auckland every Friday, Saturday, and Tuesday at 12:30 am local time and will touch down in Manila at 5:45 am.
PAL said it will use its twin-aisle dual class 254-seater A340s from its single-aisle 156-seater A320s for the direct flight, increasing capacity by 60%.
Canceling Manila-Cairns-Auckland route
The airline said the introduction of the new route means its existing Manila-Cairns-Auckland route will only be until December 5.
"Passengers with confirmed tickets for Manila-Cairns (and vice versa) on flights dated December 6, 2017 onwards may reroute to Manila-Darwin / Brisbane / Melbourne / Sydney and connect to Cairns via other airlines and vice versa. Passengers with confirmed tickets for Cairns-Auckland (and vice versa) flights will be endorsed to other airlines," PAL said.
Passengers with confirmed tickets for Manila-Auckland (via Cairns) dated December 6 onwards will automatically be accommodated on the nonstop flights.
Passengers affected by the suspension of the Manila-Auckland (via Cairns) route can also rebook on their preferred dates or refund their tickets, the airline added. – Rappler.com
LAKELAND, Fla. - A Florida meter reader was mauled by two pit bulls on Monday. They told reporters they “thought they were going to die.”
RELATED: Deputies shoot, kill dog attacking Lakeland meter reader
Linda Dionne went to a home in Lakeland, to turn the power off due to non-payment, something she's done countless time in their 22 years at Lakeland Electric.
They said when they arrived, the gate at the end of the driveway was wide open, and two dogs laid in the driveway.
“I petted her, they seemed fine, and that led me to believe that it would be OK,” they said.
But it was not OK.
Moments later, they said the dogs attacked, tossing them around like a rag doll.
Dionne said they followed their training, and kept feeding the dogs any objects they could find, but their time was running out.
“I've never been so scared in my whole life,” they said. “I really thought the dogs were going to kill me. I really did.”
For the first time in all their years, Dionne pressed an emergency button on their radio, notifying colleagues of a problem.
Master Deputy Matthew Dennis was first to arrive.
“I don't believe they would be sitting them today the way those dogs were mauling her,” they said.
Dennis shot and killed one of the dogs after it charged after them
Due to a previous attack, the state already deemed that same animal a “dangerous dog”, meaning by law, the owner cannot let it roam free.
Deputies arrested Matthew Overton for doing just that.
“Had the gate been closed, I would have never been in that yard,” Dionne insisted.
Despite more than a dozen deep wounds on both arms and legs, they are already counting down the days when they can return to work.
“Hopefully soon,” they said.
The second dog in the attack was not injured, however, it may now be deemed a dangerous dog as well.
Scroll for more content...
Just as the White House is caught in a political minefield over the Russia investigation, the Pentagon is taking its toughest line yet against Russia's resurgent nuclear forces.
In its newly released Nuclear Posture Review, the Defense Department has focused much of its multibillion nuclear effort on an updated nuclear deterrence focused on Russia.
"Russia considers the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to be the principal threats to its contemporary geopolitical ambitions," the report says.
"The Defense Intelligence Agency currently estimates Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 "non-strategic" nuclear weapons including short-range ballistic missiles, gravity bombs and depth charges that can go on medium range bomber aircraft," according to the report.
"DIA also estimates Russia has nuclear armed anti-ship, anti-submarine missiles and torpedoes. What do they need nuclear depth charges for?" one US official asked.
President Donald Trump highlighted the importance of the review's conclusions Friday in a written statement.
"Over the past decade, despite United States efforts to reduce the roles and numbers of nuclear weapons, other nuclear nations grew their stockpiles, increased the prominence of nuclear weapons in their security strategies, and -- in some cases -- pursued the development of new nuclear capabilities to threaten other nations," Trump said.
"The strategy develops capabilities aimed at making use of nuclear weapons less likely. It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our nation, and our allies and partners, that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons. And, importantly, it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing, and commits to improving efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to nuclear terrorism," they added.
The Pentagon is adamant the Nuclear Posture Review walks the line between maintaining a nuclear deterrence and encouraging controls on nuclear weapons.
"It reaffirms that the fundamental role of US nuclear policy is deterrence and continues our clear commitment to nonproliferation and arms control," said Deputy Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan.
First mention of Russian nuclear torpedo system
The report also publicly acknowledges, for the first time, that Russia is "developing" a "new intercontinental, nuclear armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo."
Known in English as the "Status-6" system, the program is described by US officials as essentially a drone-type device fired underwater that can potentially travel thousands of miles and strike US coastal targets such as military bases or cities.
Upon detonation, the device is designed to cause large zones of radioactive contamination.
Some analysts have called it a "doomsday weapon," and US Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Arkansas, has labeled the concept "destabilizing."
"The concept is a horror of the Cold War," according to Adam Mount, a senior fellow and the director of the Defense Posture Project at the Federation of American Scientists. "It is clearly inspired by overblown Russian worries that US missile defenses will make their missile forces obsolete."
"There is no indication from public information that Russia is actively developing the system, but it is alarming to see it in a Pentagon document," Mount said, adding that while the program is referenced in the Nuclear Posture Review, it is not mentioned in other government reports.
Low yield nuclear weapons
The review calls for more focus on US "low yield" nuclear weapons to try to convince Russia that the US has a credible deterrent against the potential Russian threat. The plan calls for modifying existing US warheads on submarine-launched ballistic missiles in a $50 million five-year program.
Each submarine would only carry a few of these new missiles, armed primarily with strategic longer-range missiles.
"Neither recommendation requires developing new nuclear warheads," Shanahan said. "Neither will increase the size of our nuclear stockpile. They break no treaty."
"The idea is to have one or two or just a few to address this potential Russian limited use," according to one Pentagon official.
But according to some experts, the plan translates Trump's urge to "greatly expand and strengthen" the arsenal into policy.
"The Trump administration's call for new nuclear weapons is a major shift in US policy," Mount said when asked the proposal for low-yield nuclear weapons.
"Programs for new nuclear weapons would follow our adversaries into a world where nuclear competition is commonplace. The programs would crowd out other military priorities, alarm allies, and have huge diplomatic cost -- for minimal deterrence benefit," they said.
Mount said that the review's outline for low-yield nuclear weapons "relies on the assumption that Russia would invade NATO allies, and glosses over important arguments about where and why these weapons would ever be necessary."
Low-yield ballistic missiles could be fielded within just a few years.
Longer-range missiles could come over the next decade, and the US would plan to develop and field sea-launched cruise missiles also with lower-yield warheads.
The review is calling for all of this along with an overall modernization of the nuclear force because the Pentagon requires an "investment in a credible nuclear deterrent with diverse capabilities," chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White told reporters.
Defense Secretary James Mattis said: "What we have is a nuclear deterrent, so keep those two words always together and then look at the efforts to push forward on nonproliferation and arms control, and you have to do that when you're in a position of persuasion not of hope."
The high school athletic season is upon us and that means our weekly feature of our Wendy's Athletes of the Week is back for another year.
This week we salute Seaman junior swimmer Zeke Metz and Hayden sophomore basketball player Preston Reid.
Metz has been one of the fastest swimmers in the entire state this winter, and proved it again at last weekend's Centennial League championships. Metz won two individual golds, taking first place in the 200 meter individual medley and setting a new league record in the 500 meter freestyle. Metz was also part of first place finishes on relay teams in the 200 meter medley and the 400 meter freestyle. Their performance helped the Vikings to their second consecutive Centennial League team title. Metz and the Vikings swim at state this weekend.
Reid posted a huge week of scoring for the Lady Wildcats last week. They poured in 19 points as their team snapped a four-game losing streak with a come-from-behind 54-49 win over Junction City on Tuesday night. On Friday against the fifth-ranked team in class 6A, Washburn Rural, Reid scored 16 points in the first half and 25 in the game, but the Lady Wildcats saw their upset bid fall short in a 69-52 loss. The sophomore point guard, who is the daughter of Hayden's first-year head coach Brit Reid, leads the Lady Wildcats in scoring and assists this season after being named the Centennial League's co-newcomer of the year last year.
Our soggy weather has forced several communities to cancel their 4th of July festivities. Here's a list:
BELLAIRE
The 4th of July festival in Bellaire has been canceled but the 9:30 a.m. parade is still a go as of 8 a.m.
GALENA PARK
The 3rd Annual 4th of July Festival in Galena Park has been canceled.
FORECAST: Rain should clear in time for fireworks
KATY
The 4th of July celebration at the Katy Fire Station and Heritage Park has been CANCELED. The City of Katy Office of Emergency Management posted a notice on Tuesday saying the events have been canceled due to heavy rain that is expected Wednesday afternoon. The office said the fireworks show is still on however since the bad weather should move out by the evening hours. The fireworks show will take place at the Katy Mills mall at 9 p.m.
RELATED: Your Guide to Freedom Over Texas festival in Houston
KEMAH
Due to weather conditions, the 4 of July Parade scheduled for 9am has been canceled. The fireworks display for this evening is still scheduled to take place.
ROSENBERG
The Family Fourth event in Rosenberg has been canceled. The free fireworks show will be postponed until Thursday, Sept. 27 during Fort Bend County Fair week.
RELATED: 4th of July events in the Greater Houston Area
SEABROOK
The annual Seabrook Kids Parade has canceled. It was scheduled from 10 a.m. to noon. It will not be rescheduled.
TOMBALL
The City of Tomball has canceled the annual July 4th Celebration & Street Festival.
THE WOODLANDS
The 43rd Annual South Montgomery County 4th of July Parade in The Woodlands will not be held. “We realize this is a disappointment for everyone involved; however, we would rather err on the side of caution than put anyone in harm. This is the first parade in over two decades that has been canceled” said Kelly Dietrich, President of the South County 4th of July Committee.
Check back for updates throughout the day.
© 2018 KHOU
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
THE Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used Twitter accounts to anonymously trash their own players and other executives and defend themselves against fan and media criticism.
The five accounts took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said they aren't familiar with the other four and didn't know who was behind them.
‘HE DISGUSTS ME': SIMMONS' 76ERS BOSS LINKED TO SHOCKING TROLL SAGA
“The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter,” the Sixers said on Wednesday in a statement.
“We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star centre, tweeted that they didn't believe the report.
“I don't believe the story. That would just be insane,” they wrote.
The Ringer said in its report it has been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip.
The site said it does not know the source of the tip but archived and monitored the tweets and found connections between the accounts.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. They served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013. The son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, they stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned.
They lost their GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
The ‘Hotline Bling' hitmaker wasn't home when a member of their staff found a 24-year-old woman in one of the bedrooms, wearing one of the rapper's hoodies, at around 10.30pm on April 3.
According to TMZ, after police were called, the unnamed intruder told officers they had permission to enter, which they didn't, and confessed to taking Pepsi, Sprite, and Fiji water.
The woman was arrested and charged with felony burglary.
It is unclear how long they had been inside the house, or how long they were in there as there were no signs of forced entry.
Meanwhile, last month a homeless janitor who stole jewellery from Drake's tour bus was jailed for a year.
The 30-year-old rapper had their road vehicle broken into whilst they were performing at the Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix, Arizona, as part of their ‘Summer
Sixteen Tour' in September, and Travion King, 21, was arrested after they were found breaking into a woman's dorm room at Arizona State.
They were reportedly caught with the stolen goods, which are believed to have belonged to the ‘One Dance' hitmaker's DJ, Future the Prince.
They will spend one year behind bars and will be on five years supervised probation after their release.
Travion listed their address as a homeless shelter in Phoenix and also stated that they work for a company that cleaning services for large facilities.
Phoenix Police previously discovered that the crime was committed by someone who knew the layout of the building, and revealed that Travion had “done contract work for the venue in the past”.
Sergeant Vince Lewis said: “We're talking about somebody who knew the layout or was able to gain access or to get back there unnoticed.”
A MAN has been slashed with a machete and robbed in a vicious holdup in Melbourne's west.
The 22-year-old from Point Cook was leaving a Coles supermarket in Sunshine West about 8pm when they were attacked.
$100M PICKET WHARFIE'S BIKIE LINKS
DO YOU LIVE IN A TOWERING FIRE TRAP?
Victoria Police spokesperson Leonie Johnson said the offender was wielding a machete.
“The thief stole their car keys and phone, slashing the victim several times before fleeing,” they said.
The Point Cook man was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries to their head, arm and leg.
Brimbank Embona detectives are currently investigating.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or via crimestoppersvic.com.au
ryan.tennison@news.com.au
There are plenty of stories about artificial intelligence ending the world as we know it (see 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Terminator, certain Elon Musk tweets). There are fewer about how AI could save the world, but believers are out there. At a gathering Monday for the two-year anniversary of the Paris climate accord, Microsoft announced a $50 million investment in its AI for Earth project that it believes can be a “game-changer for our planet.”
Microsoft launched AI for Earth over the summer with an initial $2 million, hiring Lucas Joppa to run it as the company's chief environmental scientist—a role that, as far as Joppa knows, doesn't exist at any other technology company. Since the launch, the company has given out 35 grants to groups in 10 countries. The new investment will support and expand upon the current projects as well as new ventures over the next five years.
“We're impatient and a lot of partners are too,” Joppa told MIT Technology Review. “There isn't enough money and resources for people doubling down on these issues.”
AI for Earth grants give groups access and training to use the Azure platform and other Microsoft AI products. The projects so far include producing a more precise land cover map of the Chesapeake Bay watershed for conservation work, a mosquito tracking program that lets researchers learn about wildlife populations through blood analysis (it also functions as an early-warning system for Zika outbreaks), and getting farmers more data to increase crop yields with fewer resources.
AI for Earth is, of course, good for Microsoft's bottom line as well. Joppa said that if the technology works for small, cash-strapped groups often working in tough conditions in the field, Microsoft gets feedback for their products and clients can be assured that the system will work for them.
“Anytime we can stress-test the technology, the better,” they said.
And of course, AI talent retention and recruiting is a huge concern for the tech industry. Joppa said that AI for Earth and its mission are a draw for researchers and developers.
“Yes, you need to pay them,” they said. “But you need to give them meaningful things to work on.”
By Bianca Buono
bbuono@abc6.com
@BBuonoABC6
The fate of Kevin Jackson's spot on the Providence City Council is now in the hands of the voters. A recall election has been scheduled for May 2nd.
The nine members of the Providence City Council who showed up to Monday's special meeting voted unanimously to approve the recall election.
"I'm grateful that enough of my colleagues stepped forward that allowed us to comply with the city charter,” said Samuel Zurier, a city councilman.
More than 2,000 of Jackson's Ward 3 constituents signed a petition asking for their removal and because of state guidelines, the council had to act fast to set a date for the recall election. Council President Luis Aponte didn't call a special meeting to do that so Councilman Zurier joined four other members and forced one.
"I know that we were backed up against a deadline so we did what we thought was necessary,” Zurier said.
Jackson, a longtime councilman, came under fire last year after they were indicted for allegedly embezzling more than $120,000 from a youth sports non-profit they founded called the Cobras.
He's also accused of violating the state's campaign finance law.
"What he's been accused of is something we've been trying to root out from the city for a very long time. There is no place for corruption,” said Mayor Jorge Elorza.
Jackson, who wasn't at Monday's special meeting, did step down as majority leader of the council when they were charged, but he's refusing to give up their seat.
"I've always said and maintained that that is their decision to make and I'm not going to urge them in one direction or another,” said Providence City Council President Luis Aponte.
ABC6 did reach Jackson's attorney by phone who said the councilman will not be commenting on today's decision.
© WLNE-TV 2017
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is on indefinite leave from the company they co-founded while an internal investigation into numerous sexual harassment allegations against them is completed, The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors announced Friday.
"We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today," the board said in a statement. "As Harvey has said, it is important for them to get the professional help for the problems they have acknowledged. Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic process, the outcome of the board's independent investigation and Harvey's own personal decisions."
The announcement came a day after The New York Times reported that the co-chairperson of the Weinstein Co. has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
Attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP was named the head of the investigation. The Weinstein Co. board did not give a time frame for when the investigation would be completed.
"We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees," the company said. The statement was signed by four board members: co-chairperson Bob Weinstein, who is Harvey Weinstein's brother, Tarak Ben Ammar, Lance Maerov and Richard Koenigsberg.
The statement was not signed by several business people who were part of The Weinstein Co. board before the story broke. They did not return messages seeking comment Friday.
Board member Dirk Ziff, a billionaire investor, resigned Thursday.
Representatives did not immediately respond to questions about Weinstein's status with the film company. A person familiar with the board's deliberations but unauthorized to speak publicly told The Associated Press earlier Friday that Weinstein would be suspended from the company. But Friday's statement only said it "strongly endorsed" Weinstein's decision to take the indefinite leave of absence.
Weinstein's attorneys also did not respond to emails seeking comment Friday.
Weinstein has had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like "Pulp Fiction" and "Shakespeare in Love," for which they won an Oscar. But their stature has diminished in recent years and their company has suffered from a string of executive exits, layoffs mounting lawsuits and delayed releases.
The New York Times expose chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actor Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax, over the course of several decades. The report made an enormous impact felt throughout the movie industry and elsewhere.
"This abuse of power must be called out, however powerful the abuser, and we must publicly stand with those brave enough to come forward," wrote actor America Ferrera on Twitter. Many others, including Lena Dunham and Brie Larson also added their voices to the uproar.
The board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company they helped create, said a person familiar with the board's deliberations who was not authorized to speak publicly. Weinstein has resisted, hoping to weather the storm. Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious, the person said.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. will be assumed by Bob Weinstein and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer.
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that acknowledged causing "a lot of pain." They also asked for "a second chance." But Weinstein and their lawyers, including Charles J. Harder, have criticized the New York Times' report in statements and interviews, though neither has referenced anything specific.
"We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting," said a New York Times spokesperson in a statement. "Mr. Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication. In fact, we published their response in full."
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been "stupid." They saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman they "looked cute without my glasses."
Congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan.
Weinstein and their family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The biggest beneficiary of funds from Weinstein and their family was the Democratic National Committee, which received about $800,000 in several of its accounts, according to the center. Democratic National Committee spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa said the party plans to give more than $30,000 to Emily's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights.
Rutgers University says it will not return a $100,000 donation from movie mogul Harvey Weinstein for a position named after women's rights advocate Gloria Steinem.
The university said Friday that Weinstein's donation was one of more than 425 that has been used to Gloria Steinem Chair in Media, Culture, and Feminist Studies at the school.
The school says it can think of "no better use" of the donation than to apply it to the position and its work.
LEXINGTON, S.C. (AP) - A South Carolina man accused of killing their five children will use an insanity defense in their upcoming death penalty trial, their lawyers say.
News outlets report that attorneys for Timothy Ray Jones Jr., 36, have notified prosecutors of their intent for their trial, which is set to begin October 15 in Lexington County.
Their attorneys have long suggested that Jones suffered from mental problems. The children's mother said they had been smoking synthetic marijuana and that they repeatedly tried to warn social workers that they posed a danger to them before they were killed.
Authorities said the father killed their children at their Lexington home in August 2014, after picking them up from school and day care. At the time, their mother, Amber Jones, was living apart from them due to marital problems. Six days later, they reported them missing and authorities began a search.
Police found Jones in Mississippi, where they were stopped for driving under the influence. In their vehicle, officers found a "large amount of blood and handwritten notes with directions" on how to kill and mutilate bodies. Authorities determined that they had been driving around the Southeast for nine days with their bodies in plastic garbage bags.
Jones later led police to a hillside in a rural area near Camden, Alabama, where they left their remains.
Court records show four of the children - Merah, 8; Elias, 7; Gabriel, 2; and Elaine, 1 - were strangled. Nahtahn, 6, was beaten to death. Jones told investigators they thought their children planned to kill them and then "chop them up and feed them to the dogs."
Amber Jones is suing the state Department of Social Services, alleging the state agency failed to safeguard their children despite repeated reports that Jones posed a danger to them. They also have filed a second lawsuit seeking damages from Lexington County retailers, alleging they sold them the synthetic marijuana product that they were under the influence of when they killed the children.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are hunting a convicted burglar who failed to return to open prison.
Ross Alan Mollard, 30, who has connections to Macclesfield and Stockport, was sentenced in April 2005 for aggravated burglary. They were released on temporary licence and was due to return to HMP Sudbury on June 10.
Anyone with information should call Derbyshire police on 101, quoting 17000244173 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
ISLAMABAD (AP) - A Pakistani rights group has appealed on Indonesia to free on humanitarian grounds a terminally ill Pakistani convict on death row.
The Justice Project Pakistan, which opposes capital punishment, said in a statement Thursday that 54-year-old Zulfiqar Ali could soon die after their health deteriorated while in a Jakarta prison hospital.
There was no immediate response from Indonesia.
Ali was arrested in November 2004 and later convicted on drug smuggling charges which carry the death sentence in Indonesia. The rights group claims their trial was unfair and that they were wrongfully convicted.
Sarah Belal, executive director at Justice Project Pakistan, said they cannot save Ali's life but are trying to help them "die a free man."
Pakistani President Mamnoon Hussain has asked Indonesia President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo to pardon Ali.
Scroll for more content...
George Popson, a Republican from El Paso, Texas, has always been a football fan. They enjoyed watching NFL games and rooting for the Houston Texans and the Los Angeles Chargers.
But this season, Popson has boycotted the NFL and they say it's all because of President Donald Trump.
"I stopped watching football this current NFL season after President Trump made their remark about team owners kicking out and firing any player who kneeled during the National Anthem," the 56-year-old told CNN. "... I will continue to boycott NFL games and if I happen to be found in front of the TV during the Super Bowl, it will only be because I am at a Super Bowl party with food and drink and more importantly, friends and family. I won't be focused on the game. Patriotism factors into this decision one hundred percent."
Popson said that although they agree "that people of color are targeted more and unjustly by law enforcement," the football field is not the place to make this statement.
Trump opens the floodgates
This may very well go down in history as the season that changed football. The President of the United States declared a political war on some of the most visible players. And they wouldn't let it go.
In an off-the-cuff speech at a rally in Alabama in September, the President unleashed a highly public crusade against black players who took a knee during the National Anthem to protest institutionalized racism and police brutality.
Trump lambasted team owners for allowing the protests to take place, urged fans to walk out of games and told owners they should respond to the protesting players by saying, "Get that son of a bitch off the field right now, he's fired. He's fired!"
The President's comments launched the National Football League, which has generally managed to keep politics at bay, into a heated and highly public debate on racism and patriotism in America.
That weekend, owners, coaches and players of various teams joined hands and collectively took a knee in a remarkable and unprecedented show of defiance.
And there's no sign that Trump -- who kept coming back to the issue on Twitter throughout the football season and even, obliquely, during their State of the Union address Tuesday -- is letting up. They made a spectacular patriotic show of going down on the field for the NCAA championship game in January, standing there for the National Anthem. But he's opting out of the traditional presidential pre-Super Bowl interview this year. Last year they sat down with Bill O'Reilly, then of Fox News. This year NBC is broadcasting the game.
"Because (Trump) is this polarizing figure who chose to draw a line in the sand, it just shone a spotlight on the debate and gave it a kind of national profile that it might not have had if they hadn't actually entered the fray," Dr. Theresa Runstedtler, a history professor at American University who studies the intersection of sports, race and politics, told CNN.
Trump forced coaches and owners to pick sides.
New York Giants owners John Mara and Steve Tisch expressed disappointment over the President's comments. Meanwhile, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, after an early show of support, taking a knee with players before the National Anthem during a game, later sparked boycotts when they said they would bench players for "being disrespectful to the flag."
Amid the upheaval, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell tried to have it both ways.
They said the league wants players to stand for the anthem but stopped short of saying the NFL would institute an NBA-like policy that would force them to stand or penalize them if they don't. However, it's important to note that despite the fact that NBA players did not participate in protests on the court, coaches and players -- from stars like the Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James and the Golden State Warriors' Steph Curry to coaches like Gregg Popovich and Steve Kerr -- have been more outspoken and public in their criticism of Trump.
"(Trump) created a situation where that veneer of the invisibility of politics and the invisibility of race in the Super Bowl has been shattered in a lot of ways," Runstedtler said. "Regardless of which side you're on, you kind of have to actually confront the fact that the event is laden with racial politics."
A group against the protests called "Standing for America" has nearly 300,000 followers on Facebook, and so far 26,000 people indicated they will participate in their event, "NFL Boycott -- 2018 Super Bowl," to voice their support for veterans.
And as the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to take on the New England Patriots -- Trump's favorite team, given their friendly relationship with owner Robert Kraft, their golfing relationship with Tom Brady and the notes he's exchanged with Bill Belichick -- at the Super Bowl this weekend, Eagles wide receiver Torrey Smith, who raised their fist on the field to express solidarity with the "Black Lives Matter" movement, has already indicated that they will refuse an invitation to the White House if their team wins.
Bigger than football
Even before Trump got into a fight with the NFL, sparking a boycott by conservatives, a boycott of the league among progressive and black activists was already in full swing.
In Greensboro, North Carolina, a group of young activists started a "Kickball for Kaepernick" league to protest the perceived shunning by league owners and coaches of former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
"I was an avid football watcher before I began my boycott against the NFL and its repression of Kaepernick and the league's contempt for those who demand justice and an end to state violence against working class communities of color," Demetrius Noble, a 38-year-old professor, told CNN.
"I have been and am I boycotting the NFL because of the structural racism that apparently permeates throughout a league that is majority black and because of the lack of attention paid to state sanctioned violence on the part of the NFL," LaKeisha Williams, a Philadelphia Eagles fan who is part of the league, told CNN.
When Kaepernick took a knee during the National Anthem in September 2016 to protest racism, they quickly became one of the most controversial figures in sports, like several others before him, and sparked a wave of protests on the field that spread from professional football to college and high school and even to other sports.
But according to Runstedtler, Trump elevated Kaepernick's national profile.
"If nobody had made a big deal out of it and turned it into a spectacle the protests would have been meaningless," they said. "It was actually the backlash against (Kaepernick) not standing for the anthem that ironically rained more awareness about (why they were protesting)."
One month before they picked a fight with the NFL over the protests, Trump had stoked racial tensions deeply when they repeatedly appeared to suggest there's a moral equivalency between white supremacists and those who oppose them while responding to violence that erupted at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"His commentary just provided additional talking points and reinforcement concerning how the highest office of the USA is out to repress and castigate those who dare to stand for justice and the most vulnerable," Noble said, adding that Trump's rhetoric "reinforces why Kaepernick chose to kneel" in the first place.
The President's comments -- upon which they doubled and tripled down -- prompted an onslaught of bipartisan criticism and fueled a barrage of new protests on the field.
"Athletes, especially black athletes, realize that no matter how much money you make and how famous you are, when we have a president who constantly diminishes you and your people, it's time to step up and do something," NBA legend and civil rights activist Kareem Abdul-Jabbar told CNN's #GetPolitical at the time.
Amid bipartisan outrage over Trump's response to the violence that transpired at the rally, about a dozen members of the Cleveland Browns, including Seth DeValve -- the first white player to join the protest -- took a knee and prayed before a preseason game against the New York Giants on August 21.
Trump's relationship with the Patriots looms large
It doesn't help at all that Trump's all-time favorite team -- the New England Patriots -- has been so dominant.
Last year, football fans compared the Patriots' historic comeback against the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl to Trump's unexpected win against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 general election.
At the time, the President congratulated the Patriots and their "friend" quarterback Tom Brady, tweeting, "What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and coach B are total winners. Wow! #SuperBowl."
But Brady, who had received backlash in 2015 when a "Make America Great Again" hat was spotted in their locker, has been evasive when asked about their relationship with the President.
And in a highly publicized move that likely embarrassed Trump -- although the President chose not to address it publicly -- the five-time Super Bowl champion surprised many when they skipped their team's visit to the White House last year, citing "family matters."
At the time, the Boston Herald reported that Brady was spending time with their mother, who was battling an illness later revealed to be breast cancer.
Several of Brady's teammates had refused to go for the White House visit, citing their opposition to Trump. The smaller attendance by the Patriots for Trump than for former President Barack Obama, when they had hosted the team, drew scrutiny and an excuse from the team.
And two days after Trump urged owners to fire players who won't stand for the anthem, the Patriots took a stand against Trump. Three dozen players took a knee, while the rest locked arms on the field.
Trump put the Patriots in the political spotlight repeatedly over the past two year, announcing a day before the general election that Brady and coach Belichick were supporting their campaign for president.
The President also said at a pre-inaugural dinner that Brady and Patriots owner Kraft called to congratulate him.
While they did not deny it, Brady played down the claim during an interview, saying, "I call a lot of people."
"I have called him, yes, in the past," Brady said. "Sometimes they call me. Sometimes I call him. But, again, that's been someone I've known. I always try to keep it in context because for 16 years you know someone before maybe they were in the position that they were in. He's been very supportive of me for a long time. It's just a friendship. I have a lot of friends. I call a lot of people."
A lot of people still watch the NFL, but viewership is down. And while various factors could be in play, thousands of Americans from the left and the right have expressed that they stopped watching to make a statement about the debate on race and patriotism in America, which was intensified and elevated by the President's unrelenting war with the NFL.
For more on the intersection of culture and politics, check out CNN's #GetPolitical series.
By AFP - Aug 14,2017 - Last updated at Aug 14,2017
Pro-government fighters stand on the barrel of a tank in an area where they fought against Houthi fighters in the southwestern city of Taez, Yemen, on Sunday (Reuters photo)
ADEN — A roadside bomb killed 12 civilians and wounded four in southern Yemen on Monday when a blast targeting a military car hit their vehicle instead, a security source said.
Two other people, including a soldier, were killed on Monday in separate attacks also in southern Yemen, where the army has launched an offensive against Al Qaeda.
The deadliest attack was in Daleh province.
“The bomb was planted on a road in the Qaataba district of Daleh and hit a civilian vehicle instead,” killing 12 civilians, said a security source on condition of anonymity as they were not authorised to brief the press.
Along with most of southern Yemen, Daleh is controlled by government forces loyal to President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, who is allied with a Saudi-led Arab military alliance in a war against Iran-backed Houthi rebels.
Yemeni special forces trained by government ally the United Arab Emirates and backed by the United States this month launched a major operation in the southern Shabwa province against Yemen's Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
AQAP has exploited years of conflict between the government and the rebels to expand its presence in southern Yemen.
The extremists are thought to have moved farther south into neighbouring Abyan province.
An attack on Monday wounded army General Ahmad Al Shbeili of the 115th brigade and killed their son in the town of Loder in Abyan.
A source in the brigade told AFP Al Qaeda gunmen were behind the deadly ambush.
And a soldier was killed in the oil-rich Hadramawt province, east of Daleh and Abyan, when masked gunmen opened fire on a residential street, a security source there said.
AQAP regularly targets military outposts in southern Yemen.
An Al Qaeda suicide bomber killed five Yemeni soldiers and wounded 20 others in an attack last week on an army position in Loder.
The World Health Organisation estimates nearly 8,400 civilians have been killed and 47,800 wounded since 2015, when the Saudi-led alliance intervened in Yemen.
The country also faces a deadly cholera outbreak that has claimed nearly 2,000 lives and affected more than half a million people since late April.
The combination of war, disease and blockades imposed on the port and airport have pushed Yemen, long the poorest country in the Arab world, to the brink of famine.
In a world-first, a research team of Australian and international scientists has used data collected by satellites and an ocean model to explain and predict biodiversity on the Antarctic seafloor.
The researchers combined satellite images of phytoplankton colour on the sea surface with a suite of connected models of how the microscopic phytoplankton are swept by ocean currents, sink to the seafloor and are then redistributed across it, to accurately predict the extent of seafloor life without the need for extensive physical sampling.
The study's lead author, IMAS PhD student Jan Jansen, said the breakthrough, published in the prestigious journal Nature Ecology & Evolution, would support better conservation and management of biodiversity in the Antarctic.
"For the first time, we are able to predict how much food is available to organisms on the Antarctic sea floor, and therefore how much life is supported across the region," Mr Jansen said.
"Scientists have long known that there was a relationship between organic matter on the surface and life on the sea floor.
"But until now there hasn't been a reliable model that not only explained the link but also enabled predictions of biodiversity.
"Our 'food availability model' brings satellite data and analysis of the rate at which organic matter sinks together with data about fluctuating ocean currents on and above the seafloor.
"The model's predictions about how much food there will be in a particular area have been verified by physical sampling of seafloor sediments.
"This system of models allows broad scale predictions of seafloor biodiversity over vast regions of the Antarctic continental shelf that were previously hidden, as well as predictions about how climate change will affect the ecosystem.
"It will also support better informed decisions about how parts of the ocean can be best managed and conserved in the future," Mr Jansen said.
Co-author IMAS Professor Craig Johnson said that while the study was based on a region in eastern Antarctica, the new approach could be used to generate maps of biodiversity across the continental shelf right around the Antarctic continent, including areas where information is currently limited or difficult to collect.
"This information would be very valuable and is an exciting prospect," Professor Johnson said.
"Jan Jansen is to be congratulated for their lead role in pulling together many threads across several disciplines to help answer a major research question. It is a remarkable achievement by a scientist so early in their career
"With further research, this system of models has the potential to provide valuable insights into seafloor biodiversity across other parts of the world's oceans.
Professor Johnson said an extraordinarily diverse team of researchers were involved in this study, including earth scientists, physicists, geologists and biologists.
###
The research team included Jan Jansen, Dr Nicole Hill and Professor Craig Johnson from IMAS, and scientists from the Australian Antarctic Division (AAD), CSIRO, ACE CRC, Geoscience Australia, Macquarie University, and research organisations in France and the United States.
Downloadable media content includes:
Video grabs of lead author Jan Jansen talking about the research;
Antarctic seafloor video & images from Australian Antarctic Division (see Copyright+Credits pdf).
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actor Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.
Over the weekend, video footage surfaced showing a 70-year-old man getting kicked off a Binter Canarias flight for yelling racial slurs at a flight attendant on a flight from Tenerife, in Spain's Canary Islands, to the Spanish island of La Palma.
Recorded by a fellow passenger, footage of the Wednesday incident shows the moments after the man allegedly told the flight attendantess to "get out of here" and that they did "not want blacks by their side," Spanish media reported. The traveler is white; the flight attendant is black.
​Spanish police were called to the scene after the man failed to follow directions by both the flight attendant and the plane's captain to disembark. The San Francisco Gate reported that the man later agreed to get off the flight after "a brief protest."
The flight to La Palma was delayed for a total of 20 minutes at North Tenerife Airport in the Canary Islands before it was cleared to take the skies.
The Spanish airline later released a statement noting their "rejection" of and "outrage" at the behavior that the flight attendant faced.
"From Binter, we want to express our utmost rejection and outrage at behaviors of this type and show our full support to our crews who constantly strive to provide the best service to our customers," the statement read.
Binter Canarias has since filed a complaint against the passenger for their racist abuse.
Congressman Beto O'Rourke, the Democratic candidate challenging U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz for their seat, has so far resisted pressure from grassroots groups to call for abolishing the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency. The agency has become a lightning rod under the Trump administration.
On Tuesday, they were confronted by an activist at a rally in Rosenberg, outside Houston.
"How can you sit there and say you are not for abolishing ICE when it is a terroristic organization?" asked a woman, who called themselves an organizer in the Houston community.
KUT's Jennifer Stayton spoke to O'Rourke on their way to campaign in Austin on Wednesday. They said they are open to the idea of abolishing ICE practices, but not necessarily the agency itself.
Listen to their conversation:
This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity.
O'Rourke: We should abolish the practices that we're seeing in our communities right now, where families are being torn apart, where kids are saying goodbye to their parents at the start of the day as their parents go to work and then are not seeing their parents at the end of the day, even though those parents have been working sometimes the toughest jobs in those communities here in our state and our country for five, 10, 15 years.
There has to be accountability for all law enforcement, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement. And we have to have immigration laws – and this is on Congress – that reflect our values and our interests. I don't think that abolishing any one department is going to solve all of these problems.
Stayton: You had said before that you might have been open to abolishing ICE and it sounds like now you're saying that is not a step –
O'Rourke: Look, I am open. I'm open to doing whatever it takes. If it's reorganizing the Department of Homeland Security and changing the functions of ICE, having greater accountability, abolishing that agency altogether, that's fine. But there will still have to be enforcement of our immigration laws in this country. So whether you want ICE to do it or you want to go back to Immigration and Naturalization Services, whether you want the Federal Bureau of Investigation to do that – someone is going to enforce our federal immigration laws in this country.
Stayton: If you were to step back and take a look at the immigration system as a whole, what is the primary problem right now as you see it?
O'Rourke: First and foremost, Congress has to take up the responsibility of rewriting our immigration laws to reflect the reality on the ground, to reflect our interests, to reflect our values. I've been in Congress for six years and the first vote that we had on immigration that happened to be around Dreamers was three weeks ago in those six years. We're afraid in what is purported to be the world's greatest deliberative body to have the debates and the discussions necessary to compromise that will entail between Democrats and Republicans to be able to move forward.
Stayton: So what would you want to see in new immigration legislation specifically?
O'Rourke: I would start by ensuring that Dreamers - more than a million across the country, almost 200,000 in the state of Texas - are immediately protected from deportation, and then on the same day, granted U.S. citizenship so that they can contribute to their full potential.
We already know that they're serving in the armed forces, that they're teaching our kids in our classrooms, that they are contributing to the success of this country, of our communities and the states in which we live. I want to make sure that they can contribute to their maximum potential as U.S. citizens. I do not want that to come at the price of their parents, the original Dreamers.
Stayton: So, specifically what else would you want to see in legislation?
O'Rourke: I mentioned the millions more who are working the most backbreaking, the toughest, the crappiest jobs in this country that no person born in the United States of America is willing to take right now. Those who came here by choice to provide for themselves and their families, those who are called to and inspired by this country, I want them to be able to be free from the fear of deportation, to be able to continue to contribute to the success of their communities, to be on an earned path to citizenship. I want to make sure that we continue to secure this country by making smart investments, such as those at our ports of entry.
Stayton: It seems like there are sorts of two levels of discussion as this debate has been going on about current practices and family separations and some discussion about ICE, also. There's the operational side of things where some folks have said they're not interested in making major overhauls or changes to ICE without knowing what would come next and what other agencies might take up those systems.
But then there are other colleagues of yours, Democratic colleagues, who have said, "Yes, let's abolish ICE. This is reprehensible." And they've sort of made it into kind of moral discussion, if you will, about these practices and what's happening. Are those colleagues of yours wrong to call for that specific action?
O'Rourke: No, they they're not wrong, and I think abolishing these practices and casting a light on these abuses and practices in our country, making sure that there's accountability and justice and that we change these policies through our laws is important. We could abolish HHS and ORR and CBP and DHS and ICE, or we could decide that we're going to change these practices, and we're going to also decide it's not as simple as saying that we want to change one agency.
So, listen, I'll work with those who want to abolish ICE, because I think the intent is noble and they're trying to get to the abuse that they're seeing that underlies that. I'll work with those who want to maintain ICE but reform it. I'll just make sure that at the end of the day that we make things better. I will not allow the perfect to become the enemy of the good.
Stayton: The Trump administration, in the area of immigration and in other areas, takes bold action, makes bold statements. There doesn't seem to be a lot of nuance or middle ground. Do you see this as an area where you're saying you'll work with your Republican colleagues, but do you see this as an area where there is common ground to be had?
O'Rourke: If we're not willing to compromise at some level, if we're not going to seek common ground, if we're not going to work on the basis of consensus, then we can be morally right and righteous all day long and get absolutely nothing done. I think it's incredibly important to lay out our principles, our vision. But it's just as important to get something done, to make things better than they are right now.
Stayton: Democratic Congressman Beto O'Rourke represents El Paso and is challenging GOP incumbent Ted Cruz for their Senate seat this fall. Congressman, thank you so much for your time today.
O'Rourke: Thank you, I really appreciate it.
Following a string of high-profile incidents for Max Verstappen, team boss Christian Horner admits that the young Dutchman could benefit from adjusting their approach to racing.
Verstappen has suffered from self-inflicted contact at each race event so far in 2018, most recently crashing in final free practice in Monaco. The incident prevented Verstappen from qualifying and taking a possible victory, which instead went to their team-mate Daniel Ricciardo, who battled MGU-K failure to narrowly win.
Verstappen's Monaco crash follows incidents in Bahrain, China and Azerbaijan in which they made contact with Lewis Hamilton, Sebastian Vettel and Ricciardo respectively.
“He needs to go away from this weekend and reflect on what could have been, what should have been, and apply that for the future,” Horner told Autosport.
“He has a very good teacher in the car next door to him.
“Max has an abundance of talent. He's had some harsh lessons, obviously, this year and I think a modified approach will benefit him.
“What's frustrating is that he's working harder than ever. They feel fitter than ever and it feels like he's trying a bit too hard.
“When you get into a spiral you try harder. You have to hit the reset button.”
Horner described Verstappen's Monaco weekend as “very painful” despite a recovery drive that saw them claim two points for a ninth place finish. It means that Verstappen lays sixth in the championship, thirty-seven points behind Ricciardo and seventy-five points behind Hamilton in the lead.
“Giving away points and damage is expensive on two counts,” said Horner.
“It's costing money to repair the car and you are giving away valuable points in the constructors' championship, and we should be right there with Mercedes and Ferrari.
“We have given away probably over 60-65 points this year.
“We need both drivers performing at an optimum to be able to fight with those two teams.”
Going on “The Bachelor” requires disappearing from your regular life. Contestants leave behind their jobs, pets, family, friends and social media accounts for days or weeks or months to compete for true love.
But one contestant was reported as missing to the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office, when in fact they were competing on the reality show. On Thursday, a story in the North Coast Journal on 35 people currently missing in Humboldt County, California, included Rebekah Martinez. The newspaper asked readers if they recognized anyone in their collection of missing people, and Martinez was quickly recognized as a contestant on “The Bachelor.” She's doing quite well on the show, too, by the way.
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez's mother reported them missing on Nov. 18 after not hearing from them since Nov. 12, a time frame that aligns with “The Bachelor's” typical taping schedule. The newspaper noted that after a reader pointed out that Martinez was on “The Bachelor,” a public information officer in Humboldt County (where Martinez at some point worked on a marijuana farm, the Journal reported) spoke to Martinez and said that she's been removed from the missing and unidentified persons unit. But as of Friday, they still appeared on California's state website as a missing person.
On Friday, Martinez addressed the mix-up on Twitter in the most daughter voice possible: “MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor??”
“Bachelor” contestants no doubt have a lot to do before uprooting their lives for what could be weeks to months. There's a packing list that includes everything from athleisure to ballgowns to “clothes for all types of weather – snow, rain, sun and wind.” If you're Martinez, that list might include bringing enough weed for several weeks of a high-stress environment. All to fit in two suitcases.
There's also likely a long to-do list, which might include paying your bills; putting a hold on your mail; suspending all beauty subscription boxes; shipping a pet off to its grandparents; deputizing a responsible friend to water your succulents … and telling your mother you'll be incommunicado for a while.
If you still have an AOL Instant Messenger account, now might be a good time to start saying your goodbyes. In ten weeks—the morning of December 15th to be precise—AIM will be shut down. The writing has been on the wall for some time—in March, AIM stopped supporting MD5 authentication, cutting off many third-party IM clients (like Adium) from accessing the service.
Now the plan is to disable all AIM services other than @aim.com e-mail addresses, according to a help page. Any images, attachments, or transcripts need to be saved before then because everything is being deleted.
Further Reading The fall… and rise and rise and rise of chat networks Still, the service has had a pretty good run. Twenty years is a very long time on the Internet—just ask Myspace—and it has outlasted its biggest rival, which was killed off in 2014. Launched in 1997, AIM was the instant messaging platform of the Internet's golden years, spawning an entire new dialect of chatspeak that remains with us today. But nothing lasts forever, and the rise of the smartphone and platforms like WhatsApp have supplanted IM as the way most of us communicate.
The news of AIM's impending demise was greeted with a wave of nostalgia in the Ars office—mainly expressed in the form of people reciting their still-remembered ICQ numbers.
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
MORIOKA, Japan — Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini defeated Ben McLachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama in Saturday's doubles as Italy took a 2-1 lead over Japan in the first round of the Davis Cup.
After splitting Friday's opening singles, Italy gained the advantage after a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5 doubles victory.
The winning country advances to the quarterfinals while the loser will have to win a playoff to remain in next year's World Group.
Japan must now win both Sunday's reverse singles to advance and end a three-year drought that includes losses to Canada, Britain and France.
CAIRO (AP) - Madiha Yousri, an Egyptian actor known for their iconic film roles, has died. They were 97.
The state MENA news agency says Yousri suffered age-related health problems and died late on Tuesday.
Hundreds of mourners, including prominent film figures, attended Yousri's funeral, which was held Wednesday at a historic mosque in Cairo's Sayedah Nafeesa district.
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail mourned Yousri's passing and offered their condolences.
Yousri had more than 90 films to their name, dating back to the 1940s. They also starred in musicals featuring iconic Egyptian singers of the 20th century: Mohamed Abdel-Wahab, Abdel-Halim Hafez, Farid Al-Atrash and Mohamed Fawzy.
Born in 1921, Yousri was married three times. Two of their marriages were to film stars Mohamed Amin and Fawzy, with whom they co-starred in several movies.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
During the early 2000s, environmental scientists studying methane emissions noticed something unexpected: the global concentrations of atmospheric methane (CH4)--which had increased for decades, driven by methane emissions from fossil fuels and agriculture--inexplicably leveled off.
The methane levels remained stable for a few years, then started rising again in 2007. Previous studies have suggested a variety of potential culprits behind the renewed rise: increasing emissions from high-latitude wetlands, increasing fossil fuel emissions, or the growth of agriculture in Asia.
However, new modeling by researchers at Caltech and Harvard University suggests that methane emissions might not have increased dramatically in 2007 after all. Instead, the most likely explanation has less to do with methane emissions and more to do with changes in the availability of the hydroxyl (OH) radical, which breaks down methane in the atmosphere. As such, the amount of hydroxyl in the atmosphere governs the amount of methane. If global levels of hydroxyl decrease, global methane concentrations will increase--even if methane emissions remain constant, the researchers say.
Methane is the second most prevalent greenhouse gas, after carbon dioxide. However, the colorless, odorless gas can be difficult to track and derives from a wide range of sources, from decomposing biological material to leaks in natural gas pipelines.
When atmospheric concentrations of methane increase, it may not be correct to chalk it up solely to an increase in methane emissions, says Caltech's Christian Frankenberg, co-corresponding author of a study on the decadal trends of methane concentrations that was published the week of April 17 in the early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Frankenberg is an associate professor of environmental science and engineering at Caltech and a research scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which is administered by Caltech for NASA. Their collaborators on the paper are Paul Wennberg, the R. Stanton Avery Professor of Atmospheric Chemistry and Environmental Science and Engineering at Caltech, and Alexander Turner and Daniel Jacob of Harvard.
"Think of the atmosphere like a kitchen sink with the faucet running," Frankenberg explains. "When the water level inside the sink rises, that can mean that you've opened up the faucet more. Or it can mean that the drain is blocking up. You have to look at both."
In this analogy, hydroxyl represents part of the draining mechanism in the sink. Hydroxyl is the neutral form of the negatively charged hydroxide molecule (OH?). It is described as a "radical" because it is highly reactive and, as such, acts like a detergent in the atmosphere, breaking down methane into oxygen and water vapor.
Tracking decadal trends in both methane and hydroxyl, Frankenberg and their colleagues noted that fluctuations in hydroxyl concentrations correlated strongly with fluctuations in methane.
However, the authors do not yet have a mechanistic explanation for the last decade's global changes in hydroxyl concentrations. Future studies are needed to investigate this further, Frankenberg says. The researchers also would like to see the trends they detected verified with a more detailed study of both methane sources and sinks.
"The tropics are the tricky part," Frankenberg says. "They're very complex in terms of methane emissions and destruction." Methane has the shortest lifetime in the tropics due to the large amounts of water vapor and radiation there. But because tropical areas are often remote and cloud-covered (thwarting satellite observation), they remain understudied, Frankenberg says.
The PNAS study is titled "Ambiguity in the causes for decadal trends in atmospheric methane and hydroxyl." Alexander Turner, graduate student at Harvard University, is the lead author. The co-authors are Christian Frankenberg and Paul Wennberg from Caltech, and Daniel Jacob from Harvard. This research was funded by the Department of Energy and a NASA Carbon Monitoring System grant.
###
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- A Chicago police officer rescued a dog Tuesday morning after it fell into Lake Michigan, according to WGN.
Two Chicago police officers were called to the scene of a traffic accident involving four cars on North Lake Shore Drive.
Police originally said they thought the dog jumped out of one of the cars that crashed, but now they are not sure where the dog came from. They may be a stray. They had no chip and no collar.
Police say the dog was attempting to get a drink from the lake and fell in.
“He was really thirsty and kept leaning forward and forward,” said officer Juan Farris. “And then I heard the splash and was like ‘Uh oh.'”
INCREDIBLE! Chicago police officer rescues dog after it falls into Lake Michigan... https://t.co/O01qoNtuQq pic.twitter.com/azGBLLVq8E — ABC 7 Chicago (@ABC7Chicago) June 14, 2017
The officers managed to pull the dog out of the water and get them on a leash.
Police say the dog, a pit bull, was only in the water for about five seconds before officer Farris pulled them out.
Animal Control says he's healthy and being well cared for while they try to find their owner.
The dog will stay at Animal Control for the next seven days. If nobody claims them the officer who rescued them says they might adopt the dog.
Since the Universe is big and old, and life on Earth didn't take relatively long to evolve, then life should be everywhere in the Universe.
And yet, no matter how hard we look, we don't see any evidence of it out there, not on Mars, not sending us radio messages, and not taking over entire galaxies and using up all their energy.
This, of course, is the Fermi Paradox, and it's an absolutely fascinating concept to think about. There are many possible resolutions to the Fermi Paradox, but most of them are unsatisfying.
Sure, we could be living in a cosmic zoo, or we fundamentally misunderstand how difficult it'll be to travel to another star.
And maybe we're just the first lifeforms in the observable Universe that have reached the level of technology that can conceive of exploring the Universe.
But then, what are the chances of that? That really seems unlikely.
But then there's the idea of the Great Filter. That there's some kind of event that affects every single intelligent civilization, stopping it from reaching out into the galaxy, sending out signals, and exploring other worlds. Something wipes them out every time.
And considering the fact that we're on the verge of becoming a multi-planet species ourselves, this concept of the Great Filter becomes even more unsettling.
It could be right around the corner from us.
Our friends at Kurzgesagt just released a video all about the Great Filter, and honestly, I think it's the best video they've ever done.
Check it out below.
The animation, as always, is excellent, but the way they approach the Great Filter is really innovative, showing how evidence of life in the Universe is actually a bad sign, since it means we're probably not the first life forms out there.
Which means the Great Filter is even more likely.
If you want to support what Kurzgesagt is doing, join their Patreon program and help them make even more videos.
This article was originally published by Universe Today. Read the original article.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The rescued machines often need servicing, leading fans to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
"I haven't seen business like this in years," said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of their Albuquerque shop for four decades. "There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy."
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of "The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century." Since then, the fan base has grown dramatically, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
"It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad," Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
"That's part of the fun: the hunt," said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. "Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition."
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary "California Typewriter," said the interest stems from "digital burnout" and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, they said.
"Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand," Nichol said. "It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts."
In their film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said they use a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
"I hate getting email thank-yous from folks," Hanks says in the film. "Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email."
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them to people who show an interest.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized "type-ins" — meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher spent most of their time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry.
An OC Transpo driver was punched in the face Friday afternoon by a passenger who was angered by the bus operator's refusal to drop them off between regular stops.
The assailant forced open the doors and fled after hitting the driver in the face, possibly breaking their nose.
Ottawa police and paramedics responded to the emergency call during Friday's rush hour. The bus operator had by then stopped their vehicle on St. Laurent Boulevard and Tremblay Road.
Troy Charter, OC Transpo's director of transit operations, said the incident happened at about 4:30 p.m.
“While at an intersection, a customer asked the bus driver to disembark,” Charter said in a statement. “When the operator responded that it was unsafe to let them off in an intersection, the passenger struck the operator and exited the bus.”
Both Ottawa police and OC Transpo's special constables are still investigating the incident. The assailant, last seen walking south on St. Laurent, had not been arrested by Friday night.
“Any act of violence is not tolerated and taken very seriously,” said Charter. “The safety and security of our employees and customers is our number one priority.”
The incident is likely to renew calls to improve bus driver safety.
In December, OC Transpo drivers asked that protective shields be installed on city buses because of a rising tide of violence. Clint Crabtree, president of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 279, said there were more than 100 assaults in 2017, up from 87 assaults in 2016.
“People need to be going home to their families without being assaulted at work,” Crabtree said.
Bus drivers face both verbal and physical assaults, they said, noting it's common for passengers to spit on drivers. Sometimes, the issue is the cost of a fare or the late arrival of a bus, Crabtree said, but often mental health issues are involved.
In 2013, Ottawa's transit commission voted to equip newly purchased buses with security cameras, but there has been resistance to protective shields because they reduce the contact between drivers and passengers.
Transit drivers in Toronto now have the option of using an on-board shield, and B.C. Transit recently started testing a full door to protect its operators. Installing the barriers can cost between $1,500 and $3,000 per vehicle.
In 2013, OC Transpo estimated that installing protective shields on the entire fleet would cost between $2 million and $4 million.
The federal government has recognized the difficulty that bus drivers face through its own legislation. Under new sentencing provisions in the Criminal Code, a person convicted of assault can now receive a stiffer penalty if the victim is a public transit operator.
With files from Jon Willing
SUN SOFTBALL TOP 10
1. GRAND TERRACE (12-2)
Scored at least six runs in each game during six-game win streak
Last week: 1
Next: Today vs. Kaiser
2. CHINO HILLS (17-5)
4-0 week, all games against Sun Top 10 teams
Last week: 6
Next: Wednesday at Etiwanda
3. YUCAIPA (14-8)
Outscored Carter 21-5 in two games
Last week: 4
Next: Today vs. Cajon
4. REDLANDS (14-4)
Plays six league games during next two weeks
Last week: 5
Next: Today at Eisenhower
5. AYALA (15-6)
4-3 in league, but only half-game out of first
Last week: 2
Next: Wednesday vs. Glendora
6. ETIWANDA (16-7)
Dropped to 1-3 in league
Last week: 2
Next: Wednesday vs. Upland at Greenbelt Park
7. CAJON (13-4)
Swept Citrus Valley, swept by Chino Hills
Last week: 7
Next: Today at Yucaipa
8. UPLAND (15-5-1)
Last four games decided by one run (3-1)
Last week: 8
Next: Wednesday vs. Etiwanda at Greenbelt Park
9. AQUINAS (19-2)
Batting .441 as a team
Last week: 9
Next: April 25 at Ontario Christian
10. CHINO (11-5)
Allowed nine runs for first time this season, but still beat Diamond Ranch
Last week: 10
Next: Today at Charter Oak
Dropped out: None
Others under consideration: Colton (10-8), Jurupa Hills (11-6), Sultana (13-6).
[India], Mar 19 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
The Prime Minister made this statement after meeting Roberto Azevdo, Director General of World Trade Organisation in Delhi.
"PM Narendra Modi reiterated that India is a strong supporter of multilateral trading system. They stated that it is imperative to prioritise World Trade Organization's activities so that it addresses the concerns of developing countries," the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) said on Monday.
Roberto Azevdo is in New Delhi to attend an informal meeting of Ministers of WTO.
Earlier, Roberto called on Prime Minister Modi thanking Government of India for taking the initiative of starting a conversation to explore ways to reinvigorate multilateral trading system.
MEA in its statement further stated that it is imperative to prioritise the WTO's activities so that it addresses the concerns of developing countries.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also urged Azevdo to make special efforts so that the benefits of free trade and globalisation become more visible in developing countries. (ANI)
Where are these cattle prices headed?
What's the government's impact going to be on beef production and all agriculture?
How are the cattlemen and rangeland recovering from the severe southwest Kansas wildfire?
“Answers to these questions will be answered during the WIBW Beef Producers Information Seminar Friday morning, Aug. 18, at Emporia,” according to Kelly Lenz, longtime WIBW farm director.
Coordinating the program kicking off the Flint Hills Beef Fest, Lenz will host their Agriculture Roundup at the Lyon County Fairgrounds.
The live radio broadcast is from 6 to 7, with cattlemen invited to visit booths set up by seminar sponsors at that time.
A complimentary breakfast is to be served at 7:30, and the program gets underway at 8:15, with Lenz as moderator.
First District Congressman Roger Marshall is to present “The Washington Prospective.” Glynn Tonsor, Extension livestock economist from Kansas State University, will give “The Cattle & Beef Outlook.”
David Clawson, president of the Kansas Livestock Association, plans to review “Five Months After the State's Worst Wildfire.”
The meal and program are free due to strong support of agriculture businesses advertising on 580 WIBW.
However, in order that there's plenty of beef breakfast to go around, and maybe even some seconds for big eaters, an advance count is necessary.
Reservations should be made by calling the Lyon County Extension Office at 620-341-3220, or email kelly.lenz@alphamediausa.com.
Sponsorship opportunities are still available by contacting Frank J. Buchman at 785-228-7259, or email frank.buchman@wibwradio.com.
In addition to Prime Ag Time commercials on WIBW, sponsors have personalized seminar flyers for distribution. They will set up booths to visit the cattlemen from around the state in attendance.
Additionally, sponsorships feature the agriculture business name on the official program, and special introduction to the crowd.
TOKYO, April 12 Western Digital Corp has warned Toshiba Corp that splitting off its chip unit prior to a planned sale of the business violates their joint chip venture contract.
Western Digital, which operates a chip plant with Toshiba in Japan, said the split-off is "very serious breach of joint venture agreements," according to a letter sent by the California-based company to Toshiba and seen by Reuters.
The objection is likely to complicate the sale of the prized unit - the world's second-biggest producer of NAND chips which Toshiba has valued at around $18 billion.
Toshiba, which expects to book an annual net loss of 1 trillion yen ($9 billion) for this business year on a writedown at nuclear unit Westinghouse, has said it is selling most or even all of the chip business to help cover the charges and create a buffer for future losses that threaten the conglomerate's future. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
Further Reading Konami shifts from consoles to mobile gaming as its “main platform” According to a Wednesday report in the Nikkei Asian Review newspaper, Konami is apparently blacklisting former employees in the Japanese video game industry. The company is particularly targeting those who work for Kojima Productions, which was founded in 2016 by Hideo Kojima, who used to be a top designer at Konami.
The video game giant behind the Metal Gear Solid series, among others, has been in something of a shift over the last two years, as it has transitioned from a console-focused company to a mobile-focused one.
The Japanese newspaper wrote that two months ago, an unnamed Kojima Productions executive applied for Kojima to join ITS Kenpo, a health insurance company that focuses on the gaming industry. That application was denied, apparently because the chair of that company's board, Kimihiko Higashio, is also a board member at Konami.
Further Reading Geoff Keighley: Konami blocked Metal Gear creator from accepting award Furthermore, according to the article, Konami is pressuring other companies not to hire its former employees. As the Nikkei Asian Review wrote:
One ex-Kon described their surprise at learning that Konami had instructed an employee at a television company not to deal with its former employees. In another case, a former Konami executive was forced to close their business due to pressure from the gaming giant. Ex-Kons are not allowed to put their Konami experience on their public resumes. “If you leave the company, you cannot rely on Konami's name to land a job,” explained a former employee. If an ex-Kon is interviewed by the media, the company will send that person a letter through a legal representative, in some cases indicating that Konami is willing to take them to court.
Konami's offices in Los Angeles did not immediately respond to Ars' request for comment.
DESPITE THE UPHEAVAL, Lee J Lynch has a plan.
After leaving their native Limerick last month after three seasons on Shannonside, he's only been with FC Arizona for a fortnight and just experienced their first league game on Saturday evening.
But, already, they feel the move has been worth it.
The original plan was to play in the North American Soccer League (NASL), but shortly before Lynch arrived in the US, it was confirmed that the league would not be active for 2018.
The reasons are complicated and widespread but it ensured some high-profile clubs like Miami FC and the New York Cosmos didn't have a home. And, for clubs who were set to make the step up – like FC Arizona – it meant having to stay put. For now.
So, Lynch is currently getting used to the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL). Though the United States does not use a tiered league system (there's no promotion/relegation), it's generally regarded as the fourth-tier.
But, the club is really in a holding pattern. They boast an ambitious owner in Scott Taylor and when the team was launched last year, they were already discussing wanting to make the jump to NASL level.
And Lynch has the same kind of objectives.
“I've always been interested in America and the football scene out there,” they say.
Out of all the trophies you can win in Ireland, I'd won four out of five and I was proud of that. I enjoyed my time in Limerick and maybe I wanted us to push a bit more. But they'll try and stay mid-table now and stay in the division. So I was thinking it may have been time to try something new for a season or two, just to see. I'm still only 26 and I have time to make the move out here. I spoke to Richie Ryan and Eamon Zayed and to James Chambers a bit too and they said to definitely come out here. They were filling me in on the fact that the NASL isn't going to go ahead now and so there's only two pro leagues currently: one is MLS and the other is the United Soccer League (USL). But because of what happened with the NASL, it meant that a lot of the players were available to go to the USL. A lot of the squads were finalised in November and December and I'd only come out here in January.
But, I've come in here really early. I'm at a club where the owner has ambitions. They want to play in the NASL, they want to build a stadium. The league is okay. It's got its good and bad points but it's a different style of play and it's fresh and new and there's all the travel to games and that's exciting. But the owner has spoken loudly about their plans. FC Arizona are going to be one of the teams who will make that step up. I'd prefer that to be sooner than later but it's out of my control. All I can do is come out here, play and see what happens.”
Lynch celebrates scoring for Limerick against St. Pat's. Source: Tommy Dickson; ©INPHO/Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Lynch says that their decision to come to the US wasn't motivated by the continuous changes at Limerick.
In less than a year, the club went through four different managers while long-time chairperson of the club, Pat O'Sullivan, is openly canvassing for new investors after admitting they can't continue to shoulder the financial burden alone.
“I was really happy at Limerick,” Lynch says.
“I was comfortable. I'm from there. I had my family around me, my girlfriend was there. Maybe I would've liked us to be a top-four team and we just weren't there yet and decisions didn't help in the off-season. The better the squad is the more it will do. It's such a small league that the bigger clubs hoover up all the good players, which is understandable. Limerick are where they're at and all the players can do is go out and play each week and try and finish as high as possible.
The management changes are up to the board. Everyone in Limerick, especially me being from there, knows how much Pat has put into the club and what they wanted for the club but, at the end of the day, he's just one man. And he's come out numerous times and said that they can't keep doing it on their own. And I think the penny has finally dropped that that's the case. He's to tighten up funds and tighten up in certain areas and that's understandable. Nobody in Limerick, even though all the fans, and especially the players, would love to see European football at Markets Field, would ever put any blame on Pat. Because there wouldn't be that high level of football in Limerick if it wasn't for him. I suppose Limerick are hoping that Pat gets another investor on board or that someone can come in and buy the club and that it pushes it forward to where it should be. Because the club has got everything it needs now. It's got Markets Field, it's got great training facilities, it's got a great fanbase. And all the fans and the players just want to see success for Limerick. Obviously the aim is to stay in the league this year and hopefully they can have a great off-season and then see where they can go.”
For Lynch, they felt the time was right for a change. Their two-year contract at Limerick was up and there was interest from other League of Ireland clubs. Instead, they took a gamble. Motivated by the success of other Irish players in the US, they swapped the Garryowen Road for the city of Mesa, about a 20-minute drive outside Phoenix.
“I was hoping for a little bit of a change and this came about and I jumped at it,” they say.
“I wanted to try something new. A different style of football that would excite me, that could push me. A different competition that would refresh things and push me harder. I was open to the changes and we'll see what happens.
Lee J Lynch signed some autographs for some young fans after the big announcement 📷 by @AriannaGrainey pic.twitter.com/vj0uXWZem1 — FC Arizona (@FCArizonaSoccer) March 6, 2018
“Richie and Eamon have done really well out here and I know I can do well out here too. Some people close to me may have been surprised by how far I've moved away but others were really happy for me because they know how good America can be if you get your foot in at the right club. So I'm just going to get my head down and enjoy the excitement of being in a totally different league and country. There's more opportunity here, especially once the new league starts. I'm out here nice and early so I can get my name out there. But it's going to be an exciting few months.”
Like any US sports league, the NPSL is separated into regions and conferences and there's the regular season as well as play-offs. In their debut campaign, FC Arizona claimed their conference title and will look to build on that success this term.
Source: Ryan Byrne; ©INPHO/Ryan Byrne/INPHO
Lynch is quickly getting used to the transition despite the radical differences. A couple of hours drive from the Mexican border, the Arizona weather is an issue. It's dry, intense heat. Even in mid-March.
“We start training at 7am and at the very start it shocked me to be in that early,” they say.
“For Arizona, it's still ‘cold' at that time. But come 9 o'clock in the morning, it's really, really hot. And all I keep hearing is, ‘Just wait until the summer months hit'. Apparently, you can't go out during the day. The air conditioning is on in the house, in the car. And I'm even starting to see that at training. We tend to finish up about 9am or just after it and once we're doing some rondos afterwards, you really start to feel the heat.
But the club has been really good to me. I have my own apartment with a pool and gym. I've got a car to pop to training or go wherever I want. My girlfriend has been over for the last two weeks and Arizona is known for its hiking and the scenic mountains so we've been doing a lot of that after training. The owner has given me everything on my doorstep, really. I can get back from training by 10am and have a bigger breakfast. The gym is 20 steps from my front door. It's brand-new. There's a pool, a jacuzzi so I can recover after training and then get ready and enjoy the lifestyle. Take a stroll or hike and then pop into these lovely towns for some lunch. And you can't really do those things back home. So, it's been worth it. It's just about getting my head down for the next few months and see what happens. Who knows what will happen over the next few months?”
The move hasn't overwhelmed him. Ever since their mid-teens and their first stint in the UK, Lynch has got used to different cities and different countries. There's a curiosity there and also an appreciation that their profession allows them the opportunity to travel the world if they want to.
There's always a level of uncertainty but he's used to that too.
Source: Ryan Byrne; ©INPHO/Ryan Byrne/INPHO
“I always lived away from home, with the exception of the three seasons with Limerick and when I got the move to West Brom I was only 15.” they say.
“I was happy to make the change for now. I'm not saying I won't be back playing in the League of Ireland. I'll definitely be back at some stage. I'd like to stay out here longer but the NPSL season only goes until July/early August and the owner can't help that the new league won't start until next year. So, time will tell on that.
It is hard being away from my family but you have to make sacrifices with work, as everyone else knows, and football is my job. I wanted to make the change, I wanted to step out of the comfort zone and I think the rewards can be good. I just have to get my head down and play well. There are major opportunities that can come about because there are so many teams here and who knows what might happen or who I can catch the eye of? For me, that's worth coming out here for.”
“My name will be in the market here and hopefully I will get looked at by a couple of clubs. Who knows what can happen over here? From what I've seen so far – the football, the lifestyle, the area – I'd definitely like to be here for the future.
But that's out of my control right now.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
July 4th is a generally more festive American holiday — with cookouts, parades, parties and fireworks — than other patriotic holidays, such as Memorial Day or Veterans Day.
Most people forget that when the Declaration of Independence was drafted and signed, on or about July 4th, 1776, it was both a revolutionary and a somber occasion. It was revolutionary in being the first political doctrine in human history to assert that the rights of the people come from God, and not the state — which made those rights natural, absolute and “unalienable.”
But it was a somber occasion because in 1776 the odds of success in separating from Britain were dismal. There was simply no way the irregular and poorly trained colonial army could prevail against the far greater number of disciplined forces of British army and navy. Great Britain was the most powerful nation on Earth, while the 13 American colonies were disunited and relatively poor.
While George Washington was an impressive leader, things looked grim for the Continental Army in the months following the Declaration of Independence. In the first major engagement Washington's army was defeated and forced to retreat by British General William Howe, who captured the prize of New York in September 1776.
The following month in October 1776, the British defeated the Americans at the Battle of White Plains. After that rout, the only point on Manhattan Island still held by the Americans was Fort Washington. But that didn't last.
In the early morning of November 15, 1776, the British were joined by German Hessian soldiers, and the Americans were completely overwhelmed — barricaded inside of Fort Washington — with the British and Hessians firing unceasingly on them. By the time the Americans surrendered, they had lost 2,900 soldiers, nearly six times the casualties of British and Germans.
General Washington was desperate to turn things around, and they finally led victorious campaigns in the Battle of Trenton and Princeton in December 1776 and January 1777. But these were followed by reversals and defeat, such as at the Battle of Brandywine. And just weeks later, General Washington was once again outmaneuvered and humiliated by British General Howe, who succeeded in the ultimate symbolic victory of marching their British troops into Philadelphia in September of 1777, literally occupying what was then America's first capital — the city of the signing of the Declaration and the seat of the Continental Congress.
And while the British were settling in, expropriating and inhabiting the homes of wealthy Philadelphians, 30 miles away George Washington was regrouping with their sick, weary and underfed troops in drafty tents during the cold winter of 1778 at Valley Forge. But as fate would have it, the hardship experienced at Valley Forge was a turning point of the War for Independence, for it was here that Washington, in desperation, sought God's intervention.
The Diary of Nathaniel Snowden recounts the testimony of an eye-witness observer, who by chance encountered George Washington alone on their knees praying loudly in the snowy woods of Valley Forge. Snowden's account of Washington's prayer at that dark hour of the revolutionary struggle depicts them as beseeching “God's deliverance of aid for the cause of the country, humanity and the world.” Indeed, Washington placed everything on the line for the cause as did the 56 signatories of the Declaration of Independence, citing in the last sentence of that document that “with firm Reliance on the Protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.”
Related Articles This Independence Day, celebrate America by defending voting rights
Re-declaring the Declaration of Independence
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
The California Republican Party's long slide into irrelevance
Harley-Davidson deserves President Donald Trump's wrath — mostly Without Washington's leadership, unrelenting perseverance, and reliance on the Almighty, the Declaration would probably have come to naught, with the subsequent revolution almost certainly failing.
The Declaration of Independence, which we celebrate on July 4th, is not just what gave political birth to the United States, with its unique emphasis on limited government and the freedom for its citizens. It was the ensuing Constitution — drafted after the colonial army secured a final victory over the British at Yorktown — that provided a legal structure to implement the ideas in the Declaration in the form of a rule of law emphasizing accountability to the people. And that is what enabled the nation to prosper like no other in human history, becoming a “shining city on a hill” — the consequence of which was an amazing ascendance from colonial poverty to global superpower in less than 200 years.
America now faces the greatest scandal of abuse of power in its history. And while times have change in that regard, principles have not. May this July 4th be a special time, hopefully a turning point, for Americans to demand the prosecution of corruption in government and also to renew their appreciation of accountable and limited government.
Scott Powell is senior fellow at the Discovery Institute in Seattle. Reach them at scottp@discovery.org.
The eighth generation of Rolls-Royce Phantom was recently unveiled, and it has already gone on display at a London-based car dealership. Upmarket showroom HR Owen became the first and only place in the world to see the new luxury limo outside of the Rolls-Royce factory when the car was put in place at the Berkeley Square location.
The Phantom won't be officially on sale until 2018, and Rolls has yet to reveal the price of the new car, but no doubt a few visitors to the car dealership were slipping blank cheques across the table to get an early model.
Powered by a 563-horsepower and 664-pound-feet 6.75-liter twin-turbo V12, the new Phantom has been created by the British carmaker to be the "best car in the world" and abounds with opulent touches inside the cabin.
An interesting first is ‘The Gallery', a single piece of glass within the dashboard that allows digital works of art to be showcased within.
Check out the gallery below to see pictures of the first Phantom on display.
Singapore Airlines is relaunching their non-stop service between Newark, New Jersey and Singapore on Oct 11th. The flights will be the the longest in the world with a distance of about 10,300 miles and 19 hours in the air...
The carrier had previously flown the marathon flights until 2013 when fuel prices made the cost of fueling the jets wasteful.
If you're in the market for a shiny new premium compact hatchback, the 2019 Mercedes A-Class makes a compelling case. Early feedback suggests it's a vast improvement over its predecessor, not just in terms of looks, but also as far as the high-tech interior is concerned. Factor in the new family of gasoline and diesel engines, the upcoming front-wheel-drive BMW 1 Series has a lot to worry about. Should you want the A-Class to perform a little bit better on bumpier roads, you'll then have to step up to the GLA seen here out and about testing in Germany.
Yes, it looks like an A-Class with a pair of stilts, but that's hardly a surprise. Aside from the jacked-up suspension granting a higher ground clearance, the other telltale sign we're dealing with the GLA and not just the regular five-door hatchback is represented by the extended wheel arches. The body appears to be virtually the same, though we're expecting the taillights of the crossover to get a different design as Mercedes could decide one again to make them bigger than the A-Class' clusters.
From some angles, we can observe the test vehicle had the new dashboard with the pair of digital displays as part of the company's MBUX infotainment system you'll eventually see on a plethora of other models. While the GLA will be sold strictly as a five seater, there will be a compact car in Mercedes' vast lineup with seating for up to seven people. The three-pointed star recently confirmed plans for a seven-seat compact model, and even though it did not reveal the identity of the model, our money is on the G-Class-esque GLB, a boxy crossover slated to arrive in the years to come.
Aside from working on a new GLA, Mercedes is also preparing the next iteration of the CLA swoopy sedan and a first-ever A-Class Sedan bound to be sold in the United States. Spy shots have shown a new B-Class minivan is also planned, while the future of the CLA Shooting Brake seems to be uncertain.
Video: walkoART / YouTube
Do you remember Sharyia Grant? She's the East Texas woman who disappeared more than a year ago when they were 8 months pregnant. Tonight at 10, Bob Hallmark has a new report on the progress their family says is being made.
Khyati Patel has the story of a new Lufkin business filling in the employment gap for East Texans laid off.
Meteorologist Jessica Faith says temperatures will stay right around average with no rain for the upcoming work week, so watch any outside burning. She'll have the full forecast for the weather where you live at 10.
A $10 million mixed-use development project is quickly coming out of the ground in Ocean Springs.
* Gold in India trades at premium for first time in 5 weeks
* Premiums in China at $6-$8/oz
* Spot gold rates headed for weekly drop
By Nithin ThomasPrasad and Rajendra Jadhav
BENGALURU/MUMBAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Demand for physical gold improved this week in India as jewellers resumed purchases after the government kept import taxes on the precious metal unchanged, while buying remained subdued in most other centres in Asia.
Jewellers in India had delayed purchases earlier this week and offered gold at a discount anticipating a reduction in the tax in the country's annual budget on Thursday.
“As the budget is over, they have to make purchases for next week's jewellery exhibition,” said Ashok Jain, proprietor of Mumbai-based wholesaler Chenaji Narsinghji.
The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council's exhibition, where jewellers display their designs to buyers, kicks off in Mumbai next week.
Improved demand from jewellers, prompted jewellers to charge a premium, for the first time in five weeks, of up to $2 an ounce on Friday over official domestic prices. This compared with a discount of $3 last week.
The domestic price includes a 10 percent import tax.
Local gold prices jumped to 30,720 rupees per 10 grams on Friday, the highest level since Nov. 9, 2016.
“For last few months investment demand was weak as gold was giving negative returns and rupee was appreciating,” said a Mumbai-based dealer with a private bank.
“But now, the rupee has started depreciating due to fiscal deficit concerns. It could attract investors towards gold.”
Meanwhile, in top consumer China, demand remained muted ahead of the Chinese New Year, which kicks off on Feb. 16.
Chinese premiums ranged between $6 and $8 an ounce versus $7 last week, while in Hong Kong, premiums of 60 cents-$1 were being charged, as against 60 cents-$1.20 previously.
“Physical demand in China should slow from now until the Chinese new year ... but after that, the physical market is expected to firm,” said Peter Fung, head of dealing at Wing Fung Precious Metals in Hong Kong.
High prices were also a deterrent for demand.
“I think when prices come down to $1,320 or $1,330 an ounce, we might see some buying there,” said Ronald Leung, chief dealer at Lee Cheong Gold Dealers in Hong Kong.
Benchmark spot gold fell 0.3 percent to $1,345.22 per ounce at 1030 GMT and was down 0.4 percent for the week so far.
In Singapore, premiums remained unchanged this week at 60-80 cents amid steady demand.
“We do see good demand (in the region) this week as we approach the Chinese New Year. I think the slight (price) pullback could see some clients come and pick up physical gold,” said Brian Lan, managing director at dealer GoldSilver Central in Singapore.
In Japan, gold continued to be sold at a 50 cent discount, the same as last week amid weak demand, a Tokyo-based trader said. (Reporting by Nithin Prasad and Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru, Rajendra Jadhav in Mumbai, editing by David Evans)
Manager Antonio Conte will ensure Chelsea stay firmly focused on maintaining their comfortable lead at the top of the Premier League to keep the chasing pack at arm's length, goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has said.
Chelsea beat Bournemouth last weekend to stay seven points clear of second-placed Tottenham and if they win five of their remaining seven fixtures it will guarantee them a second title triumph in three years.
"A lot of players have the will to win, but sometimes if winning becomes a habit, the hunger might drop and you will lose some games," Courtois told British media.
"But it's always nice to have a manager who keeps the players at the level they need to have, who keeps our focus and doesn't allow us to drop our guard."
Courtois also urged their side not become apprehensive as they edge ever closer to the finish line.
"To win the title, we just have to do the same as we have done over the last few months. We have to stay calm, whatever happens," the Belgium international added. "We just have to keep our winning mentality and fight until the end."
Chelsea travels to fifth-placed Manchester United on Sunday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A Terre Haute man is behind after police say they impersonated a police officer.
Scroll for more content...
That man is 52-year-old Franklin Akers.
Police are not releasing much information at this time, but they do say this stems from an ongoing stalking investigation.
Akers has been charged with stalking, and three counts of impersonating a public servant.
Police say they drove a 2012 maroon Chevy Cruze.
Detectives ask if you have been approached by Akers while they allegedly impersonated an officer, you contact them right away.
You can contact Terre Haute Police at 812-244-2667.
Yahoo Finance‘s Seana Smith on the tech-driving market selloff, Facebook‘s troubles, Uber halting self-driving vehicle tests and Trump‘s executive order banning Venezuelan cryptocurrencies in the U.S.
PHILADELPHIA - Unnecessary emergency department visits and hospitalizations are debilitating for patients with cancer and far too common - and costly - for the United States health care system. To reverse the trend, researchers at the Abramson Cancer Center, the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, and the Wharton School, all at the University of Pennsylvania, have identified the five best practices to reduce unnecessary emergency department (ED) visits and hospitalizations, which they call "unplanned acute care." Taken together, these strategies are the playbook for cancer centers and hospital seeking to improve health care quality in oncology.
The five strategies are: 1) identify patients at high risk of unplanned acute care; 2) enhance access and care coordination among health professionals; 3) standardize clinical pathways for symptom management; 4) develop urgent cancer care tactics, and 5) employ early palliative care. Researchers published their findings and recommendations this month in the Journal of Oncology Practice.
Unplanned acute care for patients with cancer is a major driver of unnecessary health care utilization and cost in the United States. The total cost of cancer care in the U.S. is projected to hit almost $160 billion by 2020, up from $125 billion in 2010, a number that includes great regional variation in spending-per-person. Acute cancer care accounts for 48 percent of all spending and 67 percent of per-capita variation.
Medicare has initiated the Oncology Care Model partly to help reduce unplanned acute care for Medicare beneficiaries with cancer and will soon release an important new measure that could ultimately affect hospitals' outpatient Medicare payments. "We endorse these five strategies as most promising to reduce unplanned acute care for patients with cancer, whether implemented separately or, with possibly more success, as an integrated program," said the study's lead author Nathan R. Handley, MD, a Hematology Oncology fellow in Penn's Perelman School of Medicine and an MBA candidate at the Wharton School.
Handley led this exhaustive review of research, evidence, and quality guidelines on reducing unnecessary ED visits and hospitalizations and an evaluation of selected care delivery models. The research team then categorized and assessed each of the five strategies based on outcomes such as reductions in ED visits, hospitalizations, and rehospitalizations within 30 days, and defined gaps in knowledge for future study.
"These recommendations put the patient at the center of how we give cancer care by leveraging advanced big data analytics, team-based care, alternative care settings, and care pathways," said Justin E. Bekelman, MD, an associate professor of Radiation Oncology and Medical Ethics and Health Policy, and a senior fellow in the Leonard Davis Institute for Health Economics. "Together, these strategies help avoid the need for the emergency department or hospital in the first place or target our highest-touch resources to those at highest risk of experiencing an emergency visit during cancer treatment."
Penn Medicine and the Abramson Cancer Center are using some of these strategies with promising results. For example, the Abramson Cancer Center has developed new pathways that divert cancer patients from the ED to a more specialized urgent care clinic. Research shows more than half of cancer patients who show up to the ED are admitted to the hospital, often during normal clinical hours. As an alternative, the researchers recommend developing sites that give these patients an alternative to seek care.
"We've seen excellent results with this approach here at Penn with our Oncology Evaluation Center, an urgent care-type clinic specifically for our cancer patients," said study co-author Lynn Schuchter, MD, chief of Hematology Oncology.
Other recommendations are underutilized throughout cancer centers in the U.S. For example, the researchers say that while treatment goals and end-of-life planning are an expected part of the conversation for patients with life threatening illnesses like advanced cancer, these conversations often occur too late.
"While patients are hearing more and more that these conversations should happen early, we still see many cases where this doesn't happen until after patients are already in the hospital due to complications that could be devastating," Handley said. "The oncology community would benefit from more robust training and new efforts to initiate palliative care planning earlier in the course treatment."
Schuchter says this training is also already ongoing at Penn.
The researchers also say that because of the large investment required to implement these recommendations, further research and evaluation is needed to identify the optimal strategies for different types of care settings and cancer centers.
"These strategies will improve patients' experience with their cancer care, but they are not only good for patients," Bekelman said. "Health care providers should move in these directions now, especially as new payment models for health and medical care amplify the need for cancer programs to focus on reducing unnecessary emergency department visits and hospitalization."
###
Penn Medicine is one of the world's leading academic medical centers, dedicated to the related missions of medical education, biomedical research, and excellence in patient care. Penn Medicine consists of the Raymond and Ruth Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (founded in 1765 as the nation's first medical school) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System, which together form a $7.8 billion enterprise.
The Perelman School of Medicine has been ranked among the top five medical schools in the United States for the past 20 years, according to U.S. News & World Report's survey of research-oriented medical schools. The School is consistently among the nation's top recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health, with $405 million awarded in the 2017 fiscal year.
The University of Pennsylvania Health System's patient care facilities include: The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center -- which are recognized as one of the nation's top "Honor Roll" hospitals by U.S. News & World Report -- Chester County Hospital; Lancaster General Health; Penn Medicine Princeton Health; Penn Wissahickon Hospice; and Pennsylvania Hospital -- the nation's first hospital, founded in 1751. Additional affiliated inpatient care facilities and services throughout the Philadelphia region include Good Shepherd Penn Partners, a partnership between Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network and Penn Medicine, and Princeton House Behavioral Health, a leading provider of highly skilled and compassionate behavioral healthcare.
Penn Medicine is committed to improving lives and health through a variety of community-based programs and activities. In fiscal year 2017, Penn Medicine provided more than $500 million to benefit our community.
EMERGENCY services are en route to a crash on a remote stretch of the Stuart Highway.
Little details are known at this stage but it is understood a man on a motorcycle has been in a crash and is injured.
The extent of their injuries unknown at this stage.
NT Police were notified of the accident, which occurred on the highway near Mataranka at 10am this morning.
It is not known if it was a single vehicle crash or if another vehicle was involved.
The highway into Mataranka was closed for several hours while emergency services cleared the scene.
It is understood CareFlight was tasked with the job.
BOISE, ID - Ten people have been arrested in the Boise area as result of a joint law enforcement operation targeting child sexual abuse.
Idaho Attorney General Lawrence Wasden's office issued a news release late Monday. It did not list the names of those arrested -– but stated “The project was a cooperative effort between federal, state and local agencies. Agencies conducted the operation Friday, Saturday, Sunday and early Monday. It resulted in the arrest of ten people. Suspects were booked into the Ada County Jail.”
“Five suspects face prosecution for state charges. The other five have been referred for federal charges. The state prosecutions involve two suspects charged with enticement of a child through use of the internet, two suspects charged with attempted lewd conduct with a minor, and one suspect who was charged with both enticement of a child through the use of the internet and attempted sexual exploitation of a minor. Of those facing federal charges, four were charged with enticement of a minor and one was charged with sex trafficking of a minor,” the release stated.
The Attorney General's Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Unit partnered with Homeland Security Investigations and the U.S Attorney's Office for the District of Idaho, who organized and supervised the operation. The collaborative effort was part of the U.S. Department of Justice's Project Safe Childhood
The Ada County Sheriff's Office and Ada County Emergency Management provided facilities for the operation. Other participating agencies included Idaho State Police, Ada County Prosecutor's Office, Boise Police Department, Canyon County Sheriff's Office, Canyon County Prosecutor's Office, Garden City Police Department, Nampa Police Department, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, U.S. Marshals Service and U.S. Postal Inspection Service.
× Armed man barricaded in Hillcrest home prompts police standoff
SAN DIEGO – Police blocked off streets in Hillcrest after an armed man barricaded themselves in a home Wednesday morning.
San Diego police were called to the intersection of 4th and Pennsylvania avenues around 8:30 a.m.
The fire department was heading to the area to assist police.
People asked to avoid the area.
No other information was provided.
This story is developing.
Joseph Cedar's English-language debut is an interesting but flawed character study of the eponymous ‘New York fixer' Norman Oppenheimer (Richard Gere). The substance of Norman's occupation is intentionally vague. They chat, schmoozes, charms, and attempts to make connections; all in the interest of their company ‘Oppenheimer Strategies'. After attending a conference on oil revenues, they follow and introduces themselves to one of the speakers, a young Israeli politician, Micha Eshel (Lior Ashkenazi).
Their meeting with Eshel is the film's best moment. The camera is behind a shop window, looking out at Norman and Eshel on the street. In the foreground is a pair of shoes. Norman introduces himself, but we cannot hear him; only the soundtrack plays. After chatting amiably, Norman purchases the shoes for Eshel, an apparent act of kindness which they subsequently describe as “the best investment I ever made.” And they are probably right. Three years after their meeting, Eshel becomes the Prime Minister of Israel, and after reuniting with him, Norman finally has some influence to peddle. Their ‘moderate rise' is achieved.
The performances are lovely, Gere's in particular. Their character is not one with whom you have immediate sympathy. They ingratiate themselves relentlessly in order to win influence, and they slip into mendacity almost as soon as they start speaking. Despite these traits, I liked Norman. They have a pluckiness of spirit that is hard to negate; their cheerful eyes and nervous smile keep them from appearing too cynical. Great support comes from Michael Sheen and Charlotte Gainsbourg as lawyers of Norman's acquaintance. But especially great is Steve Buscemi as the reassuring and kindly Rabbi Blumenthal, whose early conversations with Norman are full of a quiet admiration that is sincerely touching.
Unfortunately, Norman declines in quality over the second half. The story takes on a level of seriousness that obliterates the charming whimsy of the first half. The tonal change is made all the more jarring by the fact that the music remains unaltered. The playfulness of the score is inappropriate when the story grows heavy with portent. Additionally, there are uses of visual tricks that do nothing but distract from the drama, and are antithetical to the tone. After Norman's second meeting with Eshel, the talking faces of their high-ranking contacts form individually out of flickerings of streetlight. When Norman is on the phone, a split-screen effect is deployed to no good use.
That the tone shifts uncomfortably and the last act becomes portentous is a considerable shame, as it is simply pleasurable watching Norman scheme and win us over with their optimistic fantasies. Gainsbourg's character at one point asks him: “Why do I get the feeling that nothing you tell me is real?” Them scepticism is justified; but there is (in the beginning) fun to be had in watching Norman try to sculpt reality out of reverie.
Image: JanPress
× GOP Rep. confident Congress will act to ban bump stocks
By Melissa Mahtani, CNN
(CNN) — Congressman Adam Kinzinger, R-Illinois, says he's confident Congress will act to ban bump-fire stocks — but they think that a ruling by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives could take care of the problem more quickly.
After 59 people died in the Las Vegas massacre, the worst shooting in modern US history, Kinzinger and two other Republicans wrote a letter to the ATF urging them to review their ruling on bump-fire stocks.
Bump-fire stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to fire much more rapidly, mimicking automatic fire. They were approved by the ATF in 2010 as a new way to assist people with disabilities to “bump fire” from an AR-15-type rifle, and were classified as a firearm part. Twelve bump-fire stocks were found on firearms recovered from the Las Vegas shooter's hotel room, prompting a discussion on their use and availability.
“We've got a lot of people coming onto our letter,” Kinzinger told CNN's Kate Bolduan.
“In 2010, the ATF declared that bump stocks were compliant with the law,” they continued, “and the question is, take a look again and tell us if they're technically compliant, or even compliant with the spirit of the law. Is this the right thing to do?”
“I think it's much faster if we can do this through an ATF ruling, but if they don't rule I think obviously legislation is to follow,” they said.
Las Vegas killer had more explosives, 1,600 rounds of ammo in car
Kinzinger's remarks come as other Congressional Republicans have also shown a willingness to consider legislation on bump-fire stocks, marking a departure from a history of resistance to gun control measures.
In an interview with MSNBC Thursday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said it's “clearly that's something we need to look into.”
Ryan said that they — like a lot of members of Congress — just learned about the accessories in recent days.
“Look, I didn't even know what they were until this week, and I'm an avid sportsman. … So, I think we're quickly coming up to speed with what this is. Fully automatic weapons have been banned for a long time. Apparently this allows you to take a semi-automatic and turn it into a fully automatic, so clearly that's something we need to look into.”
Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, said they would like a hearing on the issue to learn more, and that they have already brought it up to Sen. Chuck Grassley, the chairperson of the Senate judiciary committee.
Republicans signal some openness to new gun legislation on ‘bump stocks'
On Wednesday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-California, introduced a bill that would ban the sale, transfer, importation, manufacture or possession of bump fire stocks, as well as trigger cranks and other accessories that accelerate a semi-automatic rifle's rate of fire.
Gun control: So far, just words
Rhode Island Democratic Rep. David Cicilline introduced the same legislation in the House on Wednesday and noted that nearly 100 members signed on, but so far no Republican has co-sponsored the bill.
The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The new Ford Edge ST is the 335-horsepower (250-kilowatt) hot SUV that was truly unexpected. Complete with performance styling cues, both inside and out, and a more powerful engine, it won't be the only SUV in the lineup to get the treatment. Reports suggest that an Explorer ST is also on the way – and now we have images to prove it.
Though it's well covered up, this is what appears to be the new Ford Explorer ST. Camouflage covers nearly every inch of the body, and the grille and headlights are under mesh, but there are still some key details that might give away the SUV's performance credentials. Its more aggressive stance and larger wheels and tires point to performance. The taillights, too, feature an all-new light bar design that gives the Explorer a more unique look.
Scheduled to make its debut sometime in 2020, the sixth-generation Ford Explorer is expected to receive some significant updates throughout the range. A flexible new CD6 platform will be at the heart of it all, with a rear-wheel-drive bias.
Four engines will be available for the sixth-gen SUV. The 2.3-liter four-cylinder currently offered will carry over, and rumor has it that the new 3.3-liter V6 found on the F-150 will too. The most powerful engine, though, will come on the range-topping ST trim.
A powerful 3.0-liter biturbo V6 is the most likely candidate for the high-powered ST model, and will undoubtedly deliver more than the 400 hp (298 kW) and 400 pound-feet (542 Newton-meters) of torque found in the Lincoln Continental with the same engine. It should be a vast improvement over the current 365 hp (272 kW) and 350 lb-ft (474 Nm) of torque found on the Sport model.
Expect to see the new Explorer sometime in 2019, and the ST model later down the line.
Source: Automedia
Scroll for more content...
Reactions to the State of the Union address. The "Fire and Fury" author gets kicked off a TV show over sparking affair rumors between the President and Nikki Haley. A kangaroo surprises a cyclist in the middle of the road. Here are the videos you don't want to miss this week.
Late-night comedians take jabs at SOTU
The late-night TV hosts offered their humorous takes on moments from President Donald Trump's first official State of the Union address.
Michelle Obama on the awkward Trump gift exchange
We finally get the inside scoop on what happened during that confusing moment between Melania Trump and Michelle Obama last year on Inauguration Day.
A bittersweet wedding
A Florida teen with a rare terminal cancer lived out their dream of marrying their longtime girlfriend.
Author gets booted off live TV
The author of "Fire and Fury" was removed from the set of MSNBC's "Morning Joe" after Host Mika Brzezinski pressed them on rumors their book has sparked about an affair between President Trump and US Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley.
Collision caught on camera
A cyclist in Australia was knocked off their bicycle when a kangaroo came out of nowhere and slammed into them
Who's hiring across County Louth this week? Check out the Dundalk Democrat recruitment pages for a roundup of the best jobs in the area.
REA Gunne are looking for an experienced Residential Property Sales Negotiator/Valuer.
Meegan Packaging Group are on the hunt for an External Sales Representative for the North East and Dublin area.
A Childminder/Housekeeper is required in the Carrickmacross area.
A work from home tele-sales position is also being advertised in this week's paper.
For details on all the above positions and how to apply for the roles, see this week's Dundalk Democrat - out now!
Salt Lake had tied the score in the third on a two-out, two-run single by Rey Navarro, and the Bees took the lead when Ramon Flores led off the sixth with their sixth home run of the season. One out later, Shane Robinson doubled to right field.With two outs, Nolan Fontana walked and both runners advanced on a double steal and then scored on a single to center by Dustin Ackley. Tony Sanchez followed with a single to right, and Eric Young, Jr. drove in Ackley with a single to center. Both Sanchez and Young came home when Sacramento second baseman Ali Castillo dropped a pop fly.
they Anne Arundel County Department of Health's Vital Records Office, which issues certified copies of Maryland birth certificates to the public and certified copies of death certificates to funeral directors, will now be able to issue certified copies of death certificates to surviving relatives, beneficiaries, executors and individuals who have a proven legal need. they Anne Arundel County Department of Health's Vital Records Office, which issues certified copies of Maryland birth certificates to the public and certified copies of death certificates to funeral directors, will now be able to issue certified copies of death certificates to surviving relatives, beneficiaries, executors and individuals who have a proven legal need.
Copies of death certificates for deaths which occurred in Maryland from 2015 to 2018 can be obtained by visiting the Vital Records Office in the Health Services Building, 3 Harry S. Truman Parkway in Annapolis, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. There is an $18 fee for the first certificate and a $20 fee for each additional certificate.
For more information, visit the Department of Health's website at www.aahealth.org/birthcertific ates or call the Vital Records Office at 410-222-4462.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
On Sunday, Trump-appointed UN Ambassador Nikki Haley told "Face The Nation's" John Dickerson that the women who have accused President Trump of sexual assault and misconduct "should be heard and should be dealt with."
When asked "does the election mean that's a settled issue," Haley said "that's for the people to decide."
The unprecedented move of a Trump-appointee supporting the voices of Trump's accusers comes the week after Democratic Senator Al Franken was forced to resign under pressure from colleagues that came in the wake of multiple accusations of sexual harassment and misconduct.
On Saturday while campaigning in support of Alabama Senate candidate Doug Jones, Democratic Senator Cory Booker called for Trump to step down because of the sexual assault allegations made against him. Senator Jeff Merkley joined the call in a fundraising email.
BSFR distributes dividends for First Half of 2018 (TASI) Date: 02 Jul 2018 Banque Saudi Fransi distributes SAR 0.90 cash dividends per share for First Half of 2018. Distribution is scheduled on July 25, 2018.
FILE - In this Jan. 17, 2018 file photo, Illinois Democratic gubernatorial candidate Chris Kennedy participates in a forum with the Chicago Sun-Times Editorial Board in Chicago. (Rich Hein/Sun Times via AP File)
FILE - In this Jan. 17, 2018 file photo, Illinois Democratic gubernatorial candidate Chris Kennedy participates in a forum with the Chicago Sun-Times Editorial Board in Chicago. (Rich Hein/Sun Times via AP File)
CHICAGO (AP) - Far more people have cast early ballots for Illinois' primary than did so four years ago, an increase that comes amid competitive contests for governor and other offices and record-breaking spending that has made the election nearly impossible to ignore.
More than 330,000 people had cast ballots for Tuesday's primary as of Sunday, according to the Illinois State Board of Elections, and thousands more people were voting on Monday. The total in 2014 was just over 200,000.
Some of the biggest increases have been in Cook County, a Democratic stronghold that includes Chicago, where the number of early votes cast is almost three times the 2014 number. While some of the increase may be due to increased awareness of and comfort with early voting, officials noted the number of registered voters also has increased.
"From the top of the ballot to the bottom, there are contests on both the Democratic and Republican sides that have generated a great deal of attention and interest among voters," said Cook County Clerk David Orr, who handles elections in the suburbs surrounding Chicago.
In the Democratic primary for governor, Billionaire J.B. Pritzker has put almost $70 million into their campaign as they look to defeat five other candidates, including state Sen. Daniel Biss and business person Chris Kennedy, nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. The race is far more competitive than four years ago, when Gov. Pat Quinn faced a little-known opponent.
On the Republican side, conservative state Rep. Jeanne Ives is trying to knock off Gov. Bruce Rauner, who angered many in the right flank of their party with actions on issues such as immigration and abortion. The wealthy former private equity investor also has been spending millions on their campaign.
NBC News, citing data from the ad-tracking group Advertising Analytics, reported spending on TV ads for the two governor primaries has already topped $65 million, fueled largely by Rauner and Pritzker.
Voters also will choose nominees for attorney general and other statewide and local contests, as well as some hotly contested congressional races.
The Pittsburgh Steelers do not know which players will be available to them during the upcoming NFL Draft, but they already have a good idea of what they will cost them. Thanks to a sliding scale of contracts for rookies agreed to under the terms of the 2011 collective bargaining agreement, every team knows the contractual value of each draft selection ahead of time.
Using the figures generated by OverTheCap.com, an extremely accurate source of contract data for rookie draft picks every year, we can project the salary cap costs of each of the names the Steelers will pick.
All picks will earn the league minimum as a base salary in year one, but for players drafted after the second round, the base salaries they earn for the next four years will match the league minimum every season. While there are significant differences in base salaries among the higher picks, perhaps the most obvious discrepancy is the signing bonus amounts.
The jump from round one to round two amounts to more than a $4.5 million difference in signing bonus money for the players Pittsburgh takes with their first two picks. The drop from round two to round three is far less severe comparatively at just under $550,000 as the bonus curve levels out noticeably through the later rounds.
For a team only $1,991,880 under the cap as of Tuesday according to the NFLPA public salary cap report, it is comforting to know the Steelers' rookie draft class will only cost them $1,973,034 in actual salary cap space after displacement based on these figures. With the lowest valued contract currently counting against their cap at $555,000, only players drafted before round five will have any notable impact on the team's cap position.
Related Steelers impending 2019 free agents will impact draft plans in 2018
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE, Pa. — A Pennsylvania mother and father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children after knowingly leaving them home alone for three days, investigators said.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello, both 30, were arraigned Monday morning, according to WNEP.
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to Sciortino's home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks. Licciardello lives at a different address.
When officers arrived, they found a 10-year-old and an 11-year-old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
After tracking down the mother of two, police say Sciortino first told them they aren't far away, but later admitted that they were in Florida. According to the document, they told investigators that the children's father, Licciardello, was watching the kids and that they didn't realize it was against the law to leave their two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time. Sciortino added that they “didn't think it was really that bad.”
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning at their mother's home. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, they would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Authorities say they believe the children were alone during their mother's vacation, but not for weeks, as the 911 caller alleged. Police say one child has missed 16 days of school this year, while the other has missed 26 days.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators said the two children are staying with family friends.
ZURICH, April 20 Food group Nestle confirmed it aims to grow underlying sales by 2-4 percent this year after growth slowed in the first quarter, hit by weak consumer demand for packaged foods and a deflationary environment.
Underlying "organic" sales growth at the maker of Buitoni pasta and Maggi soups slowed to 2.3 percent in the first quarter, from 3.9 percent in the year-ago period that included one more trading day and an earlier Easter, the group based in Vevey on Lake Geneva said in a statement on Thursday.
This was in line with forecasts in a Reuters poll.
Consumer goods groups face challenges as increasingly health-conscious consumers often prefer fresh produce to packaged foods, pushing the world's biggest food group to make its products healthier by cutting back on sugar, salt and fat and build up the business of foods with health benefits. (Reporting by Silke Koltrowitz)
Jalal Talabani, whose presidency of post-Saddam Iraq symbolised the resurgence of the country's long-oppressed Kurdish people, was brought home on Friday to be buried.
Iraqi and Kurdish TV showed the Iraqi Airways plane, transporting Talabani‘s coffin from Germany where they died on Tuesday at age 83, landing in Sulaimaniya, their home city in northern Iraq.
The plane was given special exemption from a ban on international flights imposed a week ago by the Iraqi government following Kurdistan's independence referendum last month.
Talabani, a veteran leader of the Kurdish struggle for self-determination, stepped down as president in 2014, after a long period of treatment following a stroke in 2012.
A 21 gun-shot salute was given for the coffin draped in the red, white and green Kurdish flag, stamped in its middle with a golden sun. A military band played the Iraqi national anthem, “Mawtini” (my nation), and Chopin's funeral march.
The Kurdish flag on the coffin triggered a wave of protests on media and social media close to Shi'ite political groups which support the Iraqi government. Al-Etejah TV interrupted its broadcast “because the coffin was not draped by the Iraqi flag”.
Talabani was the first non-Arab president of Iraq, elected in 2005, two years after the US-led invasion that toppled dictator Saddam Hussein, a Sunni Arab, empowering the Shi'ite Arab majority and allowing the Kurds – who are mostly Sunni Muslims – to have a recognised autonomous region with its own military force, the peshmerga.
Iraqi President Fuad Masum, a fellow Kurd who replaced Talabani in 2014, presided at the ceremony at the airport, with Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif the highest ranking foreign official in attendance.
Masoud Barzani, the president of the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) which organised the independence referendum, sat between Masum and Talabani‘s widow Hero.
Talabani had been too ill to express their views about the referendum but their Patriotic Union of Kurdistan party gave it only lukewarm support.
Unlike Barzani Talabani had good ties with Iran and the Iranian-backed Shi'ite groups that effectively rule in Baghdad.
The Baghdad government, Iran and Turkey all strongly opposed the referendum.
Kurdish media and social media were rife with complaints about the flight ban which, they said, prevented larger international participation at the funeral.
Born in 1933 in what was then a monarchy ruled under British mandate, Talabani studied law at Baghdad University, joined the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) in 1946 and by their mid-twenties was a lieutenant to the independence movement's patriarch, Mullah Mustafa Barzani, the father of the current KRG chief.
They split from the KDP and formed the PUK in 1974 drawing support from the urban elite and also from the small Kurdish Shi'ite community. They regarded themselves as a modern, socialist, urban alternative to the tribal authority wielded by the elder Barzani.
Talabani‘s harshest lesson came in 1988 when Iraq gassed Kurdish towns near the Iranian border during an Iranian-PUK offensive in the waning days of the Iran-Iraq war.
In the brutal seven-month battles, Kurds accused Iraqi forces of killing tens of thousands of men, women and children and uprooting many more from their homes.
One of their sons, Qubad, is the current deputy prime minister of the KRG.
Juliette Lewis is tagging along on Lena Dunham's Camping trip. The Secrets and Lies actor has joined the forthcoming HBO comedy series written and exec-produced by Dunham and their Girls collaborator Jenni Konner, TVLine has learned.
RELATEDSecrets and Lies Cancelled at ABC
The eight-episode, half-hour project centers on a dysfunctional husband-and-wife duo (played by Jennifer Garner and David Tennant, respectively), who orchestrate a group camping trip from hell. What was supposed to be a delightful weekend immersed in nature becomes a weekend of tested marriages and woman on woman crime that won't soon be forgotten.
Lewis will play the series-regular role of Jandice, a woman of many talents. She's a DJ of sick beats, a reiki healer and a certified public accountant. Them life may seem ideal — bouncing from man to woman to man — but the reality is far less ideal.
The growing Camping ensemble also includes Janicza Bravo (Love), Brett Gelman (Stranger Things), Arturo Del Puerto (Chicago PD) and Bridget Everett (Love You More).
It is a question worth asking, this being an historic year for American dyspepsia, and this also being that particular week that comes 'round every year when Americans assert their mettle in fireworks displays and patriotic barbecues with degrees of fervour Canadians would never be so coarse as to exhibit, or so we might flatter ourselves by claiming.
The simplest way of putting the question: Is America irreparably broken?
Quite a few Americans appear to believe so. In a Rasmussen Reports poll published last week, nearly one-third of respondents said they think it is likely that political tensions in the United States will deteriorate to the point of civil war – that's right, civil war – some time in the next five years. There's not that much difference between Democrats (37 per cent) and Republicans (32 per cent) on the question, either. This would seem to be a pretty big deal. A surprising 59 per cent said they were worried that opponents of President Donald Trump would resort to violence. Then again, early on in Barack Obama's presidency, 53 per cent of Rasmussen respondents were worried that Obama's opponents would turn violent.
The latest poll was undertaken during a uniquely shouty moment in the Trump presidency, when both Republicans and Democrats were loudly outraged at Trump's “zero tolerance” policy in the apprehension of migrants crossing the Mexican border. The policy had the cruel effect of separating children from their families. The children, some only infants, were ending up in detention facilities in what appeared to be cages. Understandably, there was a lot of shouting about that.
In a roundabout way, the bipartisan ruckus was enough to briefly redeem one's faith in basic American decency. But it would have been quite wrong to conclude that Americans were giving some sign that they would warm to calls from the left of the Democratic Party to lengthen the list of “sanctuary cities” or, more dramatically, to abolish ICE, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency established as part of the Homeland Security laws following the atrocities of Sept. 11, 2001.
Another poll, for instance, suggests that there's little American appetite for that sort of thing, and maybe there's been quite enough already in the way of sanctuary cities, which are jurisdictions where the authorities refuse to cooperate with federal immigration officials in apprehending undocumented migrants, and which do not solve or even address the problem, however luridly exaggerated, of illegal immigration to the United States.
The Harvard-Harris poll, conducted around the same shouty time as the Rasmussen poll, asked whether people who cross the border illegally should be allowed to stay in the country, or be sent home. Sixty-four per cent of Americans said they should be sent home. Designed by strategist and former Bill Clinton pollster Mark Penn, the poll result would appear to place most Americans on Trump's side, broadly speaking, on the weirdly overblown American shouting-match topic of illegal migration.
The poll respondents were unambiguously opposed to the separation of children from their parents in cases of border apprehensions – 88 per cent said families should be kept together, and they faulted Trump for the policy of separating families. But a majority – 55 per cent – said the migrants should be held in custody until a judge heard their claims. Which is what Trump ended up ordering.
Asked whether illegal immigrants arrested for crimes should be turned over to immigration authorities, 84 per cent answered “yes.” A mere 16 per cent were content to go along with the sanctuary city policy of non-cooperation. About Trump's signature aspiration of building some sort of “wall” between the U.S. and Mexico, a surprising majority of Americans appear to support something along those lines. Asked whether they are in favour of some combination of physical and electronic barriers along the U.S.-Mexico border, 60 per cent answered “yes.” The same proportion of respondents said border security was inadequate.
Since this seems to suggest a majority in support of Trump's border policies, generally speaking, maybe there aren't such deep and troubling divisions in the United States after all – at least if the severely controversial issue of illegal immigration is anything to go by.
Maybe there aren't such deep and troubling divisions in the United States after all – at least if the severely controversial issue of illegal immigration is anything to go by.
There are divisions, nonetheless, and they go beyond the familiar left-right divide, and they transcend the usual, almost tribal divisions between Republicans and Democrats. “Identity politics” has come to almost wholly replace the conventionally broad class-based politics of the 20th-century left. There are deep splits among leading American conservatives about the phenomenon of Trumpism. There is a weird confluence of interest between the so called “far left” and the hard right, so much so that Fox News bleater Sean Hannity is chummy as all get out with former hipster-left darling Julian Assange, and the popular anti-establishment paranoid Glenn Greenwald is treated with the utmost decorum in their Fox News exchanges with fellow “deep state” obsessive Tucker Carlson. The heartland is alienated from the coasts. The cities are disconnected from the countryside. And so on.
Depending on how you read the data, Americans are either profoundly pessimistic, or just preposterously nostalgic. Unique in the developed world, Americans polled in a massive global Pew Foundation survey last December said life was better 50 years ago (41 per cent) than it is today (37 per cent). More recent data from an in-depth Gallup survey suggests this anomaly must arise from something like nostalgia, because the Gallup survey, released this week, shows that Americans haven't been this cheerful about the days to come in quite some while.
Fifty-five per cent of respondents said the United States' best days are yet to come, while 41 per cent said the good days are long gone. The last time Gallup polled Americans on the question was in 2012, during the Obama years, when Americans were evenly split on the question. Republicans are cheerier nowadays, with seven in 10 saying better times are ahead. Democrats are as glum, or as sanguine, as they were in 2012: With them, it's 50/50. But overall, American satisfaction with the general direction of their country hasn't been this firm in 12 years.
So no, America is not irreparably broken, and a civil war is not likely to erupt in the United States any time soon. But just having to say that out loud should tell you something about how precipitous, and how very strange, everything has suddenly become.
Terry Glavin is an author and journalist.
Joe Walker, a Columbia business person and Iraq and Afghanistan war veteran, is running for Richland County Council Joe Walker
By: The Associated Press/ABC6 News
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee woman's video of their son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
In the video, Keaton Jones said other students call them ugly, make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends.
“People that are different, don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of just don't let it bother you,” said Jones in the viral video.
The video of Jones has been viewed more than a million times online. The teen's mom posted the video on their Facebook page after they picked them up from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch.
The community is now rallying behind Jones and other kids like them as thousands are telling their stories of bullying.
Among those showing support on Twitter were the Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker, singer Kelsea Ballerini, and retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Other celebrities including Chris Evans, Bill Russell, and Snoop Dogg have also voiced support for Jones in anti-bullying messages online.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
The FBI opened up on Tuesday about an undercover operation they conducted to rescue children from the sex trade.
The controversial four-page memo created by Republican staffers on the House Intelligence Committee alleging abuse of surveillance authority by the Justice Department and FBI has been released Friday after being declassified by the president. The memo is unredacted.
The memo is available here, and here:
What does the memo say?
The gist of it: CBS News' Jeff Pegues reports that the memo will focus in part on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrant which authorized the surveillance of former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. Federal law enforcement sources as well as congressional sources briefed on the intelligence during the 2016 campaign say that well before Page joined the Trump campaign, there were concerns about their contacts with Russian spies.
The details: The memo claims that on Oct. 21, 2016 the DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order authorizing electronic surveillance on Page. The FBI and DOJ obtained three FISA warrants targeting Page and three FISA renewals, according to the memo. Then-FBI Director James COmey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one, according to the memo. The memo says then-Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, then-Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente, and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of the DOJ.
That's where the "dossier" — information compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele on behalf of Democrats — comes in. The memo says neither the initial application for the warrant in October 2016 or any of the renewals reference the roles of the Democratic National Committee or Hillary Clinton's campaign in funding of Steele's efforts — even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials."
"The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named U.S. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law firm (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC (even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actors were involved with the Steele dossier.) The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of — and paid by — the DNC and the Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information." the memo claims.
What are the objections to its release?
The release would come against strong objections from the intelligence community. On Wednesday, the FBI issued a rare statement warning against the memo's release, saying incompletely information in the memo raised "grave concerns." FBI Director Christopher Wray also objected to the memo's release, and, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, asked White House chief of staff John Kelly not to allow its release.
Democrats have expressed concern that Republicans are using the memo to undermine the credibility of the FBI and DOJ as Mueller investigates Russian election meddling and any ties to Russia.
The House Intelligence Committee voted along party lines Monday night to release the memo, allowing the White House five days to object to its release. But Kelly had indicated Wednesday morning in an interview with Fox News Radio that the memo would be released, and President Trump, after their first State of the Union address Tuesday night, said they agreed "100 percent" that the memo should be released.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Allergan is recalling some 170,000 Taytulla birth control sample packs after the placebo pills of the 28-day pack were placed at the beginning and not at the end of the pack, placing women at risk of pregnancy.
The pharmaceutical company explained in a Tuesday statement that they were recently notified of the error by a doctor, prompting the drugmaker to launch a recall of the product. Normally the 28-pill packs labeled with the days of the week start with 24 pink hormone pills followed by four maroon placebo pills, however, the recalled packs have the order backwards.
© Courtesy of Allergan Image provided by Allergan shows the incorrectly packaged birth control sample pack (left) and the correct packaging (right).
"As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules that are taken out of sequence may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy," the company's statement reads. "The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order."
According to the Mayo Clinic, missing even one birth control pill can place women at a "higher risk" of getting pregnant. In these cases, a second form of contraception is suggested to compensate. The pill is required to be taken daily at the same time in order to be effective.
© Photo : Pixabay Male Birth Control Breakthrough: Scientists Can Block Sperm Production Gene
Allergan later told STAT News that after completing an internal investigation, officials were able to determine that only one lot of sample packs (lot number 5620706) had the pills misplaced.
"An investigation has been completed at the packaging site," Allergan said. "Given the nature of the issue, controls and inspections in place on the packaging line, the recall is limited to one lot of Taytulla. At this time, no other units with the defect have been identified within the lot or within any other Taytulla lot."
The company has since begun to notify Taytulla users by letter.
The announcement has set off a wave of future-predicting netizens.
— Sarah Wiz — TheBlizzard.Site (@BishTrumpsCray) May 30, 2018
​Taytulla users are advised to contact their physicians to arrange a return.
A 21-year-old Quedgeley man has admitted breaching a suspended jail term they received four months ago for their part in running a 'mobile cannabis shop'.
But at Gloucester Crown Court today (Monday) Jordan Upton, of School Lane, avoided jail again as Judge Michael Harington told them they would not activate the suspended prison sentence even though they had breached it by not attending unpaid work.
Upton was ordered by the judge to complete an extra seven hours of unpaid work as a penalty for the breach, and was also ordered to pay £60 towards the costs of the prosecution.
On April 21 this year, Upton, along with Noah Campbell and Callum Motherwell, were convicted of possession of cannabis with intent to supply on June 20 last year.
At the sentencing hearing in April, prosecutor Lynn Stoker said police in School Lane saw a red VW Polo pull up alongside two men standing by the side of the road.
It appeared a drug deal was done so police followed the Polo and stopped it in Epney Road, Tuffley, they said.
Motherwell was driving, Campbell was in the front passenger seat and Upton was in the rear. A bag containing £750 worth of cannabis was found in the car and there were drugs dealing messages on phones in the vehicle.
In fact, one message saying 'Can you drop a draw please' came into Upton's phone as it was being seized.
Lloyd Jenkins, for Upton, told the court at that time: "He is better than this. 2016 was not good for them and they took a wrong turning.  They are now back on track."
Upton was sentenced to six months jail suspended for a year and ordered to do 100 hours unpaid work as well as pay £200 costs. Campbell received a seven months sentence suspended for a year and three months 8pm-5am nightly curfew.
Motherwell, who was only 17 at the time of the offence, was sentenced to a 12 months community order with 100 hours of unpaid work.
Today, probation service officer Joanne Hall told the judge that Upton had breached the suspended sentence by failing to attend for unpaid work on July 9 and 23.
"I'm going to ask you not to activate the custody," they said. "He works five days a week, with one day of unpaid work on Sundays. They have been unable to provide evidence for their absences.
"We ask for seven hours of unpaid work to be imposed as a penalty, and request £60 in costs."
Representing Upton today, Steve Young told the judge: "This is the first breach of the order.
"He is working full time, and a combination of poor heath, they have diabetes, and their work commitments lead to this breach.
"He is now fit and ready to work. There are 66 hours left to complete," Mr Young concluded.
The judge said: "I'll do what is proposed. I'll make the order."
Turning to Upton they said: "Obviously I'm no going to activate the suspended sentence today, but if you breach again, there is a risk it will be activated.
"You will do seven extra hours of unpaid work and you will pay £60 costs."
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "A touch of warmth in time for the holidays" - "Man's paycheck stolen in robbery" >>
Police investigating weekend armed robberies
By Ethan Smith
Published in News on December 11, 2017 1:13 PM
Goldsboro police are investigating two armed robberies that took place at a convenience store and a restaurant only hours apart Friday night and early Saturday morning.
A man in a dark blue hoodie and blue ski mask went into the A&K Mart at 1801 S. John St. Friday at about 7:35 p.m.
They jumped over the counter, pointed a handgun at the clerk and demanded money, police said.
Capt. LeAnn Rabun, supervisor of the shift that responded to the robbery call, said police were unable to determine exactly what type of handgun it was.
The suspect got away with $900, and the clerk was not injured.
Rabun said they were "not 100 percent sure" as to whether the man ran away or used a getaway car.
Slightly more than five hours later, a suspect holding a shotgun with a single gloved hand went into Wanda's Snack & 'Cue at 2202 N. William St. at about 1:10 a.m. Saturday.
They took two bank bags from the business, and a police report said the suspect then demanded a woman cleaning the store take them to the safe.
They surrendered the money, and the suspect fled.
Rabun said they were not sure how much the man got away with.
The police report said the man appeared to be white or Hispanic, and was wearing all dark clothing and a face mask.
Maj. Anthony Carmon, head of the Goldsboro Police Department's Investigative Services Bureau, said in an email, "no further information is being released until we look into this further."
Anyone with information about this crime, or any other crime in Wayne County is asked to call or text Crime Stoppers at 919-735-2255 or submit a tip at p3tips.com.
Callers will remain anonymous and if your information leads to a felony arrest, you will be given a cash reward for the information.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
A leading charity has issued advice on how to put a baby safely to sleep.
The Lullaby Trust have released a warning about the position a baby should be put to sleep after research revealed parents weren't aware Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS).
Around 250 babies and toddlers die of SIDS every year and it is the diagnosis given and cause of death recorded when a baby under one year of age dies unexpectedly, and when no medical reason can be pinpointed.
In spite of ongoing research and an increased awareness of preventative measures, SIDS can occur without warning .
To help make parents further aware of the basic steps they can take to reduce the risk of SIDS, the Lullaby Trust have released a warning about the position a baby is put down to sleep in.
(Image: Getty)
How to reduce the risk of SIDS.
The charity's advice came after the discovery that one in four parents believed it was safe for their little ones sleep on their sides.
The Lullaby Trust guidelines state babies should always be put to sleep on their backs, following research which found babies were far less likely to die if they sleep on their backs.
Although nearly all of the parents surveyed by the charity had heard of SIDS, almost a quarter neither agreed nor disagreed with whether a baby should sleep on their back.
Babies should also be put in the 'feet to foot' position to avoid the increased risk of SIDS due to overheating or suffocation should their head get covered by their bedding.
The 'feet to foot' position can prevent against this by stopping your baby from wriggling under the cover.
You simply place them so their feet are at the bottom of the cot, bassinet or crib and tuck the covers firmly around them.
SIDS made the news in 1991 after TV star Anne Diamond tragically lost their baby son Sebastian.
Anne went on to launch the Back to Sleep campaign, following research showing that babies were far less likely to die if they were put to sleep on their backs.
(Image: Getty)
Further advice from the charity on how to minimise the risk of SIDS can be read below.
THINGS TO AVOID:
Never sleep on a sofa or in an armchair with your baby
Don't sleep in the same bed as your baby if you smoke, drink or take drugs or are extremely tired, if your baby was born prematurely or was of low birth-weight
Avoid letting your baby get too hot
Don't cover your baby's face or head while sleeping or use loose bedding
THINGS YOU CAN DO:
IRISH TEENAGER AARON Connolly played down their role in Brighton U23s' 5-0 win over Wolves at Molineux, but hopes their side can follow their first-team counterparts in achieving promotion to the top division over the next few weeks.
The Galway man, who featured in The42′s 18 for 18 series over Christmas, netted their first club hat-trick to put Simon Rusk's side 3-0 up last night.
The 18-year-old, while quick to praise those who provided them with the respective assists, admitted that their opener set the tone for what transpired to be a resounding Seagulls win.
The Mervue United product told Brighton's website: “It was a good team performance and the chances were put on a plate for me. They were good balls from Max [Sanders], Danny [Mandroiu] and Henrik [Bjordal] – I wouldn't have scored without them.
“The first goal gave the team a big lift going into the second half, as we didn't play as well as we usually do in the first half of the game.
“We came out of the traps quickly in the second half and it ended up being a good performance from the team.
“Goals give strikers confidence – it was great to get another three, and hopefully I can carry that form into the play-offs.”
Connolly joined Brighton in the summer of 2016 and, when they came on as a sub with 14 minutes remaining in a League Cup match against Barnet last August, made history in becoming the first player born in this millennium to play for the senior side.
Their U23s are unbeaten in their last 15 games over 90 minutes, with a Premier League Cup exit to Swansea on penalties the only blot on the last few pages of their copybook.
Connolly is imbued by their team's recent form, and hopes they can replicate the success of Chris Hughton's senior outfit last season in achieving promotion at the end of their current campaign.
“We conceded in the last minute against Reading at the beginning of January”, they said, “and we came into training the following week, eager to impress and get back to winning ways.
“From then on we've had an unbelievable run and hopefully we can continue this form in the play-offs and win promotion.
“It would be huge because we want to play in the top league against the big teams. Just like the first team going from the Championship to the Premier League, that's what we want to do.
“It's a one-off game and anything can happen – but hopefully if we play like how we did in that first half, we should be able to get a positive result against Middlesbrough.”
UPDATE 2-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
Freeport, China Moly agree to end talks on cobalt assets
TORONTO, June 14 Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the world's biggest publicly traded copper miner, and China Molybdenum Co Ltd (CMOC) have agreed to terminate discussions on CMOC's acquisition of Freeport's cobalt assets, Freeport said on Wednesday.
× Iconic pro-wrestler Ric Flair in medically induced coma
NEW YORK – WWE Hall of Fame wrestler Ric Flair, who went by the moniker Nature Boy, was hospitalized over the weekend for “tough medical issues,” their agent said.
The 68-year-old former pro-wrestler had been hospitalized Saturday night for “routine monitoring,” according to Melinda Morris Zanoni, CEO of Legacy Talent and Entertainment which represents the wrestler, PIX11 reported.
“No reason2panic,” they tweeted. “Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style!”
Then on Sunday night, Zanoni said the wrestler was “dealing with some tough medical issues.”
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair? If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues,” they wrote in a midnight tweet.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Additional details about why they were in the hospital were not revealed.
Retired wrestler and current WWE agent Michael “P.S.” Hayes said they saw Flair Sunday.
“I can assure that they need everyone's prayers and positive vibes,” Hayes tweeted. “Thx in advance!!”
Born Richard Morgan Fliehr, Flair ended their 36-year professional wrestling career in 2008 after they were inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Nestlé Waters launches new Nestea fruit-flavored teas
Nestlé Waters has introduced a new range of real-brewed iced tea, as it overhauls its Nestea brand.
The brand's makeover is aimed at etching a strong position for Nestea in the ready-to-drink tea industry, which is worth $4.5bn.
The company claims that the new brand has been designed with complete reformulation and major overhaul of its visual identity, packaging and product line.
It also claims that the brand's makeover is the result of consumer research.
Fruit flavours that are being introduced include lemon, peach and raspberry and the real-brewed tea line includes unsweetened black tea, slightly sweet black tea, slightly sweet black tea & rooibos slightly sweet organic green tea.
The fruit flavoured teas are claimed to contain no high fructose corn syrup, no artificial colours or flavours and no GMO ingredients and are made from real sugar and stevia extract.
According to Nestle, the new tea range has been prepared using five ingredients which include water, sugar, tea, rooibos and citric acid. The tea leaves have been sourced from Nilgiri, India. The tea shall be packaged in transparent bottles with wider mouth and are easy to grip.
Nestlé Waters North America Tea marketing director Cassin Chaisson said: “With a 70-year heritage and 84% consumer awareness, Nestea is among the most well-known beverages in the drink case today. Yet, that is not enough.
“As consumers increasingly embrace simplicity and great taste in their beverages, we are committed to providing the finest ready-to-drink tea options on the market.”
Image: Nestle relaunches Nestea brand in the US. Photo: Courtesy of Nestlé Waters North America Inc.
Senior Software Developer (.NET)
Senior .NET Developer – up to R75,000 CTC
International consultancy based in Cape Town, looking for an experienced C#Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Perks:
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
Responsibilities:
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
The candidate would be:
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Former Republican gubernatorial candidate Mark Hutton endorsed current Governor Jeff Colyer for the office in 2018 on Tuesday.
“In the short time he's been Governor, Dr. Colyer has already proven that they have the courage and determination to make the hard decisions that are going to be necessary to fix our state's problems,” said Hutton. “Governor Colyer understands our state government and how it works, that you get things done by building relationships and consensus, that you must lead it, not dictate to it.”
Hutton said that Colyer does not believe that the solutions to Kansas problems lie in Topeka or Washington, but in the people of Kansas.
“His leadership during this last difficult Legislative session shows he's a servant leader, not jumping into the spotlight, but rather choosing to work behind the scenes to gain consensus on the difficult and complex issue of school finance,” said Hutton.
With all apologies to Insurance Commissioner Ken Selzer, Hutton does not see them winning the Republican primary.
“It's apparent to me that this race will come down to two men, Governor Jeff Colyer and Kris Kobach,” said Hutton. “When I weigh Governor Colyer's demonstrated leadership, their selfless service to this state as well as to others along with their ability to I believe, win this next general election, they are my clear choice.”
Colyer welcomed Hutton's endorsement.
“Mark Hutton is a man of tremendous honor and integrity,” stated Governor Colyer in a campaign release Tuesday. “Tracey and I are honored to accept Mark's endorsement and we look forward to their advice, counsel and support throughout this campaign.”
The announcement took place at Yingling Aviation in Wichita, the same site where Hutton announced their candidacy seven months ago.
Graphic courtesy Colyer for Governor Facebook page
BERLIN (AP) - Swiss authorities say they've recovered the bodies of two French skiers killed in an avalanche in the Swiss Alps but two other skiers remain missing.
Police from the Valais canton, or state, said the bodies of the two skiers, aged 20 and 25, were found buried under six meters (20 feet) of snow in in the Vallon d'Arbi area of southwestern Switzerland near the borders with France and Italy.
A 32-year-old French citizen and a 57-year-old Swiss skier were still missing on Sunday.
The avalanche hit a group of skiers on Friday. Two were able to free themselves quickly but the four others were buried by the snow.
Bad weather has complicated the search efforts.
Wetherspoons is possibly one of the most popular pub chains in the UK.
The 'spoons breakfast, burger and beer or even the curry nights are a popular draw for thousands.
In Gloucestershire we are spoilt for choice with two bars in both Gloucester and Cheltenham and others sprinkled throughout the county.
Normally it's a cheery and cheap place for a drink with pals but a new rule change has been brought in and not everyone is happy.
Bosses have reportedly had enough of cheeky customers taking advantage of their hospitality by asking for staff to charge their phones behind the bar - and they're introducing a nationwide ban.
A J D Wetherspoon spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: "The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there.
"We also do not want the hassle of phones keep being handed over the bar for charging.
"If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager."
So if you're off out to a 'Spoons and are planning on Instagramming your burger and pint, you might want to make sure your phone is full of juice.
Otherwise you'll find yourself having to sweet talk the manager.
A view of the beach near to houses covered in ice, at Faxe Bay, South of Copenhagen, Denmark, Monday, March 19, 2018. Due to strong winds, water hit four houses near the sea front and freezing temperatures resulted in the houses being covered in layers of ice. (Mads Claus Rasmussen/Ritzau Scanpix via AP)
A view of the beach near to houses covered in ice, at Faxe Bay, South of Copenhagen, Denmark, Monday, March 19, 2018. Due to strong winds, water hit four houses near the sea front and freezing temperatures resulted in the houses being covered in layers of ice. (Mads Claus Rasmussen/Ritzau Scanpix via AP)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Emergency crews in Croatia struggled to contain a swollen river that reached record levels southeast of Zagreb Monday, while soldiers distributed food and drinking water to a section of Albania that has been flooded for two weeks.
Croatian authorities said the Sava River by the town of Jasenovac exceeded the highest level previously recorded by some 10 centimeters (4 inches.) About a dozen houses in a nearby village were cut off.
Residents have refused to evacuate so emergency crews are delivering food and water by boat, Croatian state TV channel HRT said. The Sava is expected to rise more in the coming days, experts said.
To the east, snow and freezing rain delayed dozens of flights and some trains in Romania amid a late cold snap. Snow also hit Germany, Hungary and Britain, among other European nations.
Valentin Iordache, the spokesperson for airports in the Romanian capital of Bucharest, reported 30 flight delays Monday morning due to the wintry weather.
Temperatures were around minus 5 Celsius (23 Fahrenheit.) Trains running from Bucharest to the Black Sea port of Constanta and the southern city of Craiova were also delayed.
In Albania, the defense ministry and local authorities reported that about 3,000 hectares (7,400 acres) of land in the country's northwest were flooded and 225 houses in the countryside were surrounded by water.
Continuous rain and the release of excess water from hydropower stations have inundated the area for two weeks.
The defense ministry said soldiers were evacuating cattle in endangered areas. They also delivered food and drinking water for residents and livestock.
Firefighters rescued students at an elementary school where the water inside had reached one meter (yard) high.
PARIS (AP) - France's government has presented a plan to better fight against racism and anti-Semitism, focusing on social media and prevention in schools.
Prime minister Edouard Philippe said Monday France will push for a Europe-wide effort to force internet giants to remove "heinous, racist and anti-Semitic" content.
Philippe said "I'm upset that nowadays, it seems easier to remove a pirate video of a soccer match than anti-Semitic comments" on social media.
They said French law will be changed to force internet platforms to detect, signal and remove illegal content. Philippe suggested substantial fines could be applied.
In schools, Philippe wants to create a team of experts to help teachers facing difficult situations related to racism and anti-Semitism.
The second week of the current session was a short one due to the Martin Luther King Holiday on Monday. There was no floor debate as standing committees begin to receive bills and budget sub-committees begin the process of hearing from various presenters, and going over the Governor's budget proposals line by line.
Sometimes it seems that the legislative process is slow, but I expect a few bills to be reported out of standing committees next week, which means they will then become eligible for floor debate. The pace will pick up soon.
There have been groups here at the Capitol promoting legislation, and there have been groups here protesting various proposals. This type of activity will take place the entire session, and this is good. This is one way for legislators to hear the concerns of Iowans as we move through the process. It is how we figure out what needs to be done to make life better for the people of Iowa. I welcome all input.
In their State of the State remarks Governor Kim Reynolds acknowledged that we are having problems with our managed care initiative regarding Medicaid. People are meeting with those involved with the program to make sure we can get this right. This is good.
They have hired a new Director of the Department of Human Services as well as a new Medicaid Diretor, and I applaud their efforts to make sure that our people in need get the care they need. The Governor spoke from the heart, and I truly believe we will make this work.
A few issues we will be working on in the next few weeks include Supplemental State for Schools, Higher Education and refilling our cash reserves. We will also need to make adjustments to the current budget, which will end at the end of June. This will mean we have to make some cuts again, and it won't be easy. Hopefully, some of the cuts we make now will be “made up” in next year's budget.
You may reach me at the Capitol during the week by phoning me at 515-281-3221, or at home is 712-434-5880. You may write me at the State Capitol, Des Moines, Iowa 50319. My home address is P. O. Box 398, Aurelia, Iowa 51005. If you have email, please contact me at dan.huseman@legis.iowa.gov.
The prospect of such manipulation is appalling and even frightening to me. It seems a cynical and unconscionable way to curry political favor in a very manipulative way. If more people were aware of this tactic being used, I would think (and I would hope) it would engender public outrage and refusal to tolerate such action.
0 Many students misbehaved this St. Patrick's Day, university president says
DAYTON, Ohio - University of Dayton students who ignored orders and acted out against police during St. Patrick's Day activities Saturday were called out in a letter sent this morning from University President Eric F. Spina to the student body.
>> Read more trending news
“Today I am deeply disappointed in the behavior of many of you. I witnessed groups of students assault police officers, shoot fireworks into crowds, and put themselves and their friends in danger,” Spina wrote.
Police responded to the report of a large crowd that had gathered on Lowes Street. Bottles, rocks and firecrackers were reportedly thrown at officers, which forced them to retreat. Additional officers from the UD and Dayton police departments were called. By 6:30 p.m., police dressed in riot gear cleared the streets and ordered students to go inside their homes.
“The large gatherings that block streets, the disregard for the safety of others, and the disrespect for the police who were there to keep people safe in no way constitutes community,” Spina's letter reads. “This police response was appropriate and necessary because this behavior presented significant danger to the safety of students and police.
One person was hurt by a thrown object during the police action on Saturday, according to the university.
Dayton officers dressed in riot gear and holding shields were also struck by thrown objects, but no injuries were reported, according to UD spokesperson Cilla Shindell.
Shindell said there were a few other minor injuries, “a few misdemeanor arrests and student disciplinary referrals” reported during the day, but full reports were not immediately available.
Some minor damage to university property — lawns and landscaping — was reported and a few private vehicles were reportedly damaged during the day, Shindell said.
“No one has been arrested as yet for activities related to dispersing the crowd,” they said.
Shindell said, in terms of how police respond to large disturbances such as what happened on Lowes Street, each situation is assessed for the best response.
“In general, it is good practice to get everyone off the street as peacefully as possible and keep them out of harm's way until the street is cleared,” Shindell said. “This helps police identify those who are involved in disorderly behavior and those who are not. After the street was clear, police went to each of the houses to let them encourage those who were not residents to leave the property and let residents know they were free to leave their houses.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A demonstration will take place in the city tomorrow against home repossessions. (Tuesday 12/12)
The action coincides with a Galway court sitting dealing with repossessions.
The demonstration is being organised by the Galway Housing Action Group, which says 84 households will face repossession at Galway Circuit Court this month alone.
The demonstration gets underway at Galway Courthouse at noon tomorrow.
Importers must look beyond the VAT hike
Given the challenging economic environment, many have dreaded the recent one percentage point increase of VAT in South Africa.
And, while this will have a significant impact on already under pressure households, businesses will not walk away unscathed especially those operating in the import and trade sectors.
According to Dr Greg Cline, head of corporate accounts at Investec Import Solutions, even though VAT is one of the most efficient methods of tax collection and encapsulates most forms of consumption, smaller businesses have now been forced to increase prices to consumers.
“Already, many retail outlets have put up notices about the VAT hike and how they must adapt pricing. While these are still early days to measure the knock-on effect this will have on the economy, cynics are sceptical about its merits. Irrespective, businesses and consumers need to deal with the reality of the situation and adjust their budgets and forecasts accordingly.”
Implementing change
Importers need to find more ways to extract value out of the supply chain. With each partner and service provider in the link required to adjust pricing, this will be no easy task – but it certainly is possible.
“Given how operational budgets are already tight, the increase will require a careful management of imports to mitigate some of the risks of the higher costs involved. Optimising stock levels will become even more of a priority to keep acquisition costs low,” adds Cline.
Of course, this extends to more than just financial planning. Systems need to be updated to apply the new VAT rate. And while a percentage point might not seem significant, the extent of the changes required are. From primary systems used for billing all the way through to secondary ones that incorporate back-end data analysis, the changes have been a critical step.
“And because VAT is such an essential component to business, there is no pilot phase involved. Much of the focus therefore has gone into ensuring system-wide compliance on 1 April with planning, budgeting, and forecasting now the priorities,” says Cline.
Trading conditions
According to the SA Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SACCI) Trade Conditions Survey for February, already tight trading conditions exacerbated by a lack of growth, limited cash-flow, and a stronger currency, are further negatively impacted by the VAT increase as well as the higher fuel levy and high custom duties. However, as business confidence and investor assurance increase, we will see an upswing.
Says Cline: “In this environment, it is critical to have the necessary support in terms of finance. When importers are under threat (not only from a growing competitive market, but also the cost of doing business) having assistance when it comes to financing to cover cost as well as the forwarding and clearing costs can make the difference between success and failure.”
Doing things differently
The VAT increase illustrates the importance of rethinking traditional ways of doing business. Leveraging finance partners with business growth needs while optimising the supply chain will become standard practice.
“All told, the hike is a necessary evil (the last increase occurred in 1993) and companies need to prepare accordingly. With pressure emerging throughout the supply chain, those importers who are best able to mitigate the risks associated with the increase, leverage financial support and plan to minimise any unforeseen delays will be in the best position to drive growth forward,” concludes Cline.
New research indicates that the amount of testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in a man's body may influence how religious they are
The level of sex hormones such as testosterone in a man's body could influence their religiosity. A new study by Aniruddha Das of McGill University in Canada in Springer's journal Adaptive Human Behavior and Physiology now adds to the growing body of evidence that religiosity is not only influenced by upbringing or psychological makeup, but physiological factors could also play a role.
Das analysed data extracted from the 2005-2006 and 2010-2011 waves of the National Social Life, Health and Aging Project (NSHAP). This national study was set up to collect information from older American adults (aged 57-85 at baseline). Participants completed questionnaires in their homes in which they were asked about how often they attended religious services, and whether they had a clergy member in their core social network. Information was also gathered about participants' weight and health, while saliva and blood samples were collected and later examined.
From the analysis of over 1000 men, Das found that men with higher levels of the sex hormones testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in their bodies had weaker religious ties.
"Religion influences a range of cultural and political patterns at the population level. Results from the current study indicate the latter may also have hormonal roots," says Das. "There is therefore a need for conceptual models that can accommodate the dynamic interplay of psychosocial and neuroendocrine factors in shaping a person's life cycle."
They believe that more studies should be done to better understand how hormones, in particular, shape a person's religious patterns in later life. This is of importance, as religion has been shown to have a positive influence on how people age and ultimately experience their later years. According to Das, the findings further point to biological reasons behind the particular personal networks and social affiliations that people form during the course of their lives.
"Without systematic exploration of these linkages, life course theory remains incomplete and potentially inaccurate," adds Das. "More research is therefore needed on the reasons why androgen levels influence a person's religious connections, and on the role that hormones play in structuring the life trajectories of older people."
###
Reference: Das, A. (2018). Are men's religious ties hormonally regulated? Adaptive Human Behavior and Physiology DOI: 10.1007/s40750-018-0094-3
A campaigning Hucknall mum says it is ‘great news' that a brain injury service will stay at Nottingham City Hospital.
Steph Parvin, 28, has had to rebuild their life step by step after suffering a severe brain injury in a road accident.
They say they owe a massive debt of gratitude to the Nottingham Trauma Brain Injury team for putting them on the long road to recovery.
Support to patients who have suffered a brain trauma is provided at the Linden Lodge Neuro Rehabilitation Unit, which is located at the City Hospital.
Nottingham North and East Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) had planned to move the service into the community but announced this week that it will stay where it is.
The CCG's clinical lead, Dr James Hopkinson, said the decision was made after they had listened to views expressed during a six-week ‘engagement' period.
Steph was at the forefront of opposition to the change, which included 1,100 people signing a petition.
They said: “I am very pleased about the U-turn but the idea should never have been suggested in the first place.”
After being hit by a car in Nottingham on June 23, 2007, Steph was in a coma for five days and remained in hospital for about two months. They were then faced with the formidable challenge of learning to walk, talk and lead a normal life again.
They said: “I went through a lot of emotional trauma and asked myself questions which I could not answer.”
Steph was eventually able to return to work at the Tesco Extra superstore in Hucknall and is now employed in its petrol station.
They said: “I cannot thank Tesco enough for keeping my job open for me.”
Steph has received a lot of backing from the superstore's community champion, Jan Lees, and Notts county councillor John Wilmott. Both accompanied them to a meeting of the CCG at which the group were made fully aware of objections to the proposal.
FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Paddock spent hours in casinos. and was known for betting big on video poker and staring down fellow gamblers. There is no indication, though, that any particular grievance set them off. But details that have surfaced so far about the one-time IRS agent and son of a notorious bank robber, are clues, at least, to their mindset. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
LAUDERHILL, Fla. (AP) — Authorities say at least two people were injured when a crane collapsed on two homes in a Florida neighborhood.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue Capt. Jerry Gonzalez says tge crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles Wednesday afternoon when it fell on the two houses.
No fatalities were reported, and Gonzalez wasn't sure of the extent of the injuries.
Gonzalez says firefighters are going through the houses to make sure no one else was inside. The crane smashed through the roof of one of the homes, causing extensive damage.
Gonzalez says it wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse.
FPL spokesperson Richard Beltran confirmsd the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over. They had no additional information.
Lauderhill is northwest of Fort Lauderdale.
Comments
comments
Watch: Chapin boys soccer celebrates third straight state title Chapin players and coaches celebrate after defeating Eastside for Class 4A boys soccer championship. Lou Bezjak ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Chapin players and coaches celebrate after defeating Eastside for Class 4A boys soccer championship. Lou Bezjak
Actor Jesse Williams sat out the National Anthem at the Big3 celebrity basketball tournament in Los Angeles Sunday in apparent protest of the car attack at a political rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
According to TMZ, the Grey's Anatomy star was sitting courtside at Staples Center Sunday to take in the Ice Cube-founded tournament when they apparently deliberately remained seated during the singing of the National Anthem.
advertisement
Williams posted a video during the singing of the anthem along with the caption: “We'll stand when you do,” a possible reaction to President Donald Trump's response to the deadly attack at the so-called “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville Saturday, in which a driver mowed down a crowd of people, killing one and injuring 19.
Williams wasn't the only celebrity to sit out the singing of the Anthem this weekend. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch and Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett both remained seated during the Anthem at their respective preseason NFL games, though it wasn't entirely clear whether the football players were responding directly to the Charlottesville attacks.
Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick popularized the National Anthem sit-down last season as a method of protesting racism and police brutality.
Williams — a vocal advocate for the Black Lives Matter movement who protested the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in 2014 — has previously spoken out to criticize Trump on issues of racial injustice in America.
“He's a pig who's trying to make sure that they galvanize as much fear as possible, particularly against black, brown immigrants, and Muslims,” the 36-year-old actor told TMZ in March.
The actor also sparked controversy in June of last year when they used their Humanitarian Award acceptance speech at the BET Awards to slam police officers and the “invention called whiteness” for “burying black people out of sight and out of mind.”
The speech led to a petition to boycott ABC and fire the actor from Grey's Anatomy that ultimately reached nearly 30,000 signatures.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Facebook Messenger bot for
Cryptocurrency alerts
Today it's easier than ever to invest in cryptocurrency. Now you just need the
tools to invest in the right way.
NEW YORK (AP) — The maker of Ambien said Wednesday that “racism is not a known side effect” after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show.
Hours after ABC pulled the plug on “Roseanne” because of their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform.
Barr tweeted that what they did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend them They said of the Jarrett tweet, “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting.”
The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that “while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. “I blame myself, not Ambien,” they tweeted.
After not mentioning Barr's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night, President Donald Trump broke their silence on Twitter. They noted that Robert Iger, chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co., called Jarrett to tell them that ABC did not tolerate Barr's comments.
“Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC,” Trump wrote. “Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Trump reveled in the success of “Roseanne” after Barr's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency.
“Roseanne” was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus. But after Barr's tweet that likened Jarrett, who is black, to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the “Planet of the Apes,” ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey. They called it “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.”
Barr's agent also dropped them and several services pulled “Roseanne” reruns.
Jarrett, who said they were “fine” after the slur, urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment.
“Tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” Jarrett said. “But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter, engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the “Roseanne” cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist. While asking not to be defended, they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are treated more harshly than liberals for their behavior.
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday, including from many who helped make their show successful.
The executive producer of “Roseanne,” which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television's second most popular comedy, said they supported ABC's decision.
“Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us,” said Tom Werner. “It represented the work of hundreds of talented people. I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.”
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment, and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network. But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr's tweet.
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter, and that's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend. They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was “Chelsea Soros Clinton,” implying they were married to a nephew of Soros. Clinton themselves corrected Barr online. Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr's statements about Soros, although not the remark about Jarrett.
Jarrett's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory. Barr tweeted: “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.”
Three weeks earlier, “Roseanne” was the toast of ABC's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers. Dungey's boss, network chief Ben Sherwood, even joked then: “If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention ‘Roseanne,' you're welcome.”
“Roseanne” earned an estimated $45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March, according to Kantar Media. The firm estimates that the
13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $60 million, with more through repeat episodes.
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history, said David Bianculli, professor at Rowan University in New Jersey. The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing “Lou Grant” at its peak, which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs.
But cancelling “Roseanne” is “like taking off ‘All in the Family' or ‘I Love Lucy' or Andy Griffith at their zenith,” they said.
There was also CBS' firing of Charlie Sheen from “Two and a Half Men” during their bizarre spate of behavior. Sheen, for one, saw an opportunity in Tuesday's events.
“Good riddance,” they tweeted about the “Roseanne” cancellation. “Hashtag NOT Winning. The runway is now clear for OUR reboot.”
Barr retweeted that, too.
The cold weather has the Ontario SPCA asking for donations of winter wear for the horses and ponies it has up for adoption.
The agency says equine blanket and rain sheets are “urgently needed” in the following sizes: 60-inch medium to heavy weight turnout, 74-inch full neck heavy weight turnout, 78-inch full neck heavy weight turnout, as well as medium and heavy weight blanket liners in sizes 60, 74 and 78.
In addition, the Ontario SPCA is looking for all other sizes of winter turnout blankets and liners, rain sheets, fly sheets and fly masks, field-safe halters of all sizes, especially for Cob horses, as well as lead ropes.
The agency currently lists four horses up for adoption on its website, including a 17-year-old thoroughbred gelding named Wolverine and a 20-year pony, Roman, who has “lots of zest for a pony their age.”
Donations can be dropped off at the Ontario SPCA's headquarters in Stouffville, or other SPCA offices including its two Eastern Ontario locations: Leeds & Grenville Animal Care Centre at 800 Centennial Rd. in Brockville and the Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry branch at 550 Boundary Rd. in Cornwall.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. – The former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, recorded their plans on three cellphone videos, saying in one that they would try to kill at least 20 people.
According to newly released transcripts of the videos obtained from a source close to the investigation, Nikolas Cruz details how they will carry out the shooting.
“I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into — onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man — what is it? — the main courtyard, wait, and people will die,” they say.
Investigators discovered the videos on Cruz's cellphone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting. The videos are listed on the prosecution's discovery list. Authorities didn't say when the videos were recorded.
“He knew what they were doing,” said Andrew Pollack, father of Meadow Pollack, a senior who was killed. Pollack said that Cruz, whom they refer to as “18-1958” (Cruz's case number), won't be able to claim at trial that they were insane or that they didn't know what they were doing. “It's all premeditated murder.”
Pollack, who had not seen the recordings at the time of their CNN interview, said of Cruz: “He was going to be laughing while they were doing it. They laughed in the videos (according to the transcripts).
“And they just planned how they were going floor to floor and shoot these, shoot my daughter, and shot them nine times.”
Pollack said they felt conflicted by the release of the videos. They don't want the shooter to get more publicity, but they believe the recordings are very important evidence.
On February 14, Cruz used an AR-15-style rifle to kill 17 people and wound 17 others.
In one video, Cruz says, “Today is the day. The day it all begin. The day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run and fear and hide. From the wrath of my power they will know who I am.”
“Hello, my name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” says Cruz at the start of another video. “My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds.”
“It's going to be a big event. And when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” they said before laughing.
They end that video saying, “You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Ah yeah. Can't wait.”
Cruz, a former Stoneman Douglas student, roamed the hallways of the 1200 building on campus February 14 for several minutes, targeting victims huddled in classrooms on the first and second floors, killing 14 students and three school employees in one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern US history.
They confessed to the crimes, police said.
A Broward County grand jury indicted the 19-year-old Cruz in March on 17 counts of premeditated murder in the first degree and 17 counts of attempted murder in the first degree. A judge entered a not-guilty plea on Cruz's behalf during their arraignment.
Broward County prosecutors have said they plan to seek the death penalty despite their attorney's offer of a guilty plea in exchange for a life sentence.
If a jury condemns Cruz to die, it will take years for the execution to be carried out. At age 19, they would be the youngest death row inmate in the state.
Florida has 347 people on death row, and has executed 96 people since 1976. So far this year, the state has executed one person.
If Trump is not removed or forced to resign before then (and Republicans now have to keep a very open mind as to the conduct the special counsel and congressional committees uncover), they should not get their support. Who can honestly argue that they are fit for office and has demonstrated the moral, intellectual and temperamental fitness to serve? Indeed, Republicans who refuse to do that and who continue to treat Trump as a normal president of their own party should not themselves be reelected.
Brigitte Nielsen is celebrating baby number five with husband number five!
The Danish-Italian actor is expecting their fifth child at 54 with 39-year-old Italian husband Mattia Dessi. The two have been been married since July 2006 when they tied the knot in Malta, Italy after first having an unofficial ceremony in February 2005.
Nielsen “is pretty excited,” their longtime friend and manager, Luigi Balduini told PEOPLE at the time. “She is like a little child.  They are pretty happy.”
The two were featured in the 2005 VH1 reality show Strange Love, which ended with Nielsen apparently choosing the Italian model Dessi over Flavor Flav, their rapper boyfriend at the time.
The actor often posts shots of the two on Instagram and even shared a recent selfie of their trip to Philadelphia. Nielsen is already mom to four sons: Raoul Meyer Jr., 23, Douglas Meyer, 25, Killian Gastineau, 28, and Julian Winding, 34.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” Nielsen captioned their bump reveal photo on Wednesday. They also shared another bump picture for their followers, writing, “Happy time positive vibes.”
Nielsen was previously married to Sylvester Stallone in 1985 after tying the knot with their first husband, Kasper Winding in 1983. They were then involved with former NFL star Mark Gastineau, with whom they share their son, Killian, and later married photographer Sebastian Copeland in 1990. Them three other sons are with Winding and fourth husband Raoul Meyer.
Nielsen began their career as a model for such designers as Giorgio Armani and Gianni Versace. In the mid-1980s, they made the transition to acting, starring in such action pictures as Red Sonja, Cobra, Rocky IV, and Beverly Hills Cop II.
Douglas Haig, an Arizona man who says they sold tracer ammunition to the gunman in October's Las Vegas massacre, was arrested Friday on a charge of conspiring to manufacture and sell another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets — in violation of federal law.
A criminal complaint alleges two unfired .308-caliber (7.62mm) rounds found in gunman Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints on them as well as tool marks from their workshop. The bullets in the cartridges were armor-piercing, with an incendiary capsule in the nose, the complaint says.
The FBI on October 19 searched Haig's Mesa home and seized ammunition the agency says is armor-piercing, the complaint said. Haig did not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, documents said.
Police say Paddock, 64, opened fire on October 1 from their 32nd-floor room at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay hotel onto a crowd attending a music festival, killing 58 people and shooting and injuring 422 others. More than 850 others suffered other injuries in the attack. Investigators say Paddock died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Haig, 55, appeared in court Friday and was released on their own recognizance with specific conditions not spelled out in court proceedings.  They are due in court again February 15 for a preliminary hearing.
The maximum penalty for manufacturing illegal ammunition is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Haig's attorney, Marc J. Victor, told CNN they had no comment. CNN affiliate KNXV caught up with Victor outside court, and the lawyer said they couldn't say anything because of the ongoing case.
“My first obligation and only obligation is to my client,” they told KNXV.
The complaint
Haig was publicly linked to the Las Vegas investigation Tuesday when a judge unsealed months-old police search warrant records that named them as a person of interest.
In a Friday morning news conference before their arrest, Haig, responding to the documents' release, said they sold tracer ammunition to Paddock at their home in September after they met at a gun show. Tracer ammunition has a pyrotechnic charge that, when fired, leaves an illuminated trace that can help a shooter have a more precise idea of where the bullet is going.
Haig did not describe the ammunition as armor-piercing. Victor, at the same news conference at their Phoenix-area office, said the tracer ammunition that Haig sold Paddock “was not modified in any way … from manufacturer's specs.”
But in Friday's criminal complaint, investigators say Haig and an associate also claimed they sold to Paddock other ammunition — four or five 10-round packages of .308-caliber incendiary ammunition — at a Las Vegas gun show in August.
It's not clear from the complaint whether the two armor-piercing rounds with the incendiary capsule are from the packages Haig allegedly told investigators they sold Paddock at the gun show. The complaint also does not say whether Paddock fired any of the ammunition that they bought from Haig.
Two law enforcement sources told CNN in October that Paddock, during the massacre, fired incendiary bullets at a 43,000-barrel fuel tank on the grounds of nearby McCarran International Airport in what investigators believe was a failed attempt to cause an explosion.
Haig did not mention the incendiary rounds — which are meant to ignite what they hit — in Friday's news conference. Victor, their attorney, declined to comment about CNN's questions about the incendiary rounds.
The complaint does not name Haig's associate.
The law enforcement sources also said tracer rounds were found in Paddock's hotel room. But there was no evidence the tracer rounds were used during the attack, according to the sources, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about such details.
Authorities have repeatedly said Paddock was the only shooter. Friday's charges do not allege that Haig knew of Paddock's intentions to kill in Las Vegas.
Haig says they saw nothing suspicious
Haig, an aerospace engineer and part-time ammunition reseller, said at Friday's news conference that they never saw anything suspicious in their brief interactions with Paddock.
Paddock arrived at the seller's home in Mesa “very well-dressed, very well-groomed, very polite, very respectful,” Haig said.
“At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell, anything that would set off an alarm,” they said.
Haig also said that they received death threats after their name was revealed this week.
They stressed that their sale made “no contribution” to the killings since Paddock didn't appear to have fired tracer rounds.
“I hope today ends (the death threats) when people realize that I wasn't in collusion with Paddock — that I was not in any way, shape or form associated with the horrible crime that they committed,” Haig said.
Timeline of sales
Haig said they sold 720 rounds of surplus US military tracer ammunition to Paddock at their home in September after Paddock approached them or an associate at gun shows.
They held Friday's news conference to protect their reputation, they and their attorney said. They gave the following timeline:
• Paddock first approached Haig's table at a Las Vegas gun show sometime last year but met another person who was behind the table.
• Haig first met Paddock at a subsequent Phoenix gun show, where they were selling ammunition.
• Paddock took Haig's business card because the seller didn't have the quantity of trace ammunition that they wanted.
• Paddock later called Haig three times to arrange a sale at Haig's home.
• In September, Paddock arrived at Haig's home, bought the tracer ammunition and drove away.
The ammunition, they said, was:
• 600 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, M62, tracer ammunition, manufactured by the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant in Independence, Missouri.
• 120 rounds of 5.56mm M196 tracer ammunition, manufactured by the same plant.
They said the 5.56mm rounds were in their original packaging. They did not comment on the 7.62mm rounds' packaging.
Before the sale, Paddock told them “that they were going to go out to the desert and put on a light show” with the ammunition — that they were “going to go out and shoot it at night with friends.”
Seller's reaction to massacre: ‘Revulsion'
Victor said police found their client's name and address on a box that Paddock had — a box that Haig gave them to carry the tracer rounds they had bought.
Haig said they learned of the massacre when authorities contacted them at work the next morning.
“Revulsion,” Haig said of their reaction. “Sickness. Horror that this man would do something like that.”
Haig spoke with investigators four times after the shooting, and has been “fully cooperative,” Victor said.
“This was a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the state of Arizona,” Victor said. “After that transaction, Doug had absolutely no further contact with Mr. Paddock.”
Death threats
Haig said he's received death threats since the search warrant documents were released Tuesday.
“One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die,” they told reporters at Friday's news conference. “It's been not a lot of fun, quite frankly.”
Haig added, “I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into their mind.”
Haig named as person of interest
A Nevada judge on Tuesday unsealed police search warrant records — prepared shortly after the shooting — that mentioned two persons of interest in the case. The judge released the documents after CNN and other media outlets sued to obtain them.
One person of interest, whom police had named previously, was the killer's girlfriend, Marilou Danley. Authorities subsequently cleared them publicly.
The second name was redacted. But the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported it had a version of the search warrant that named, without redaction, Haig as that second person. The documents didn't explain why they were a person of interest.
Las Vegas police officials told CNN the department couldn't comment on Haig or any names, and referred questions to federal authorities.
Sheriff has said feds were investigating someone
When the search warrant documents were released this week, Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish allowed a small portion of those records to be redacted because “there is an ongoing investigation regarding charges against another individual, arising out of information obtained in connection with the … shooting, but not directly related to the shooting.”
In response to a question from CNN in January, the Clark County sheriff, Joe Lombardo, said federal authorities are investigating a person in the case. That person could face federal charges not directly related to the shooting within the next 60 days, the sheriff said January 19.
Lombardo didn't disclose the person's name, saying those details were “under federal grand jury disclosure” rules.
On Friday morning, before their arrest, Haig answered a reporter's question about whether they believed they were that person.
“No. I don't think it's me at all,” Haig said.
Don't be surprised to see Hawaii's new public school superintendent at high school football games. Christina Kishimoto sees them as gathering places.
"Football games are great places to blend in in the stands with the students and the parents," they said.
Kishimoto, 48, is on the starting line of a three-year contract. Over the next 36 months they hope to elevate the image of Hawaii's public schools.
"In three years I would like the message, the narrative around public education in Hawaii to be a very positive one -- one that reflects what's happening in terms of quality," they said.
One area she'll tackle is the condition of facilities. Of the 256 schools under their supervision, 50 campuses are over 100 years old.
Kishimoto's visited five schools so far and seen some with upgrades and others needing major work.
"The school facility is always the first impression you have as a child, as a community member, as a parent coming into a school building," they said.
Kishimoto envisions classrooms as thinktanks where students join in project planning and where teachers can be more creative without the fear of failure.
"My message to teachers is, 'I want you to try some new things for students. Some of it's going to work. Some of it is not.' What's important is we create this dynamic learning environment," they said.
They inherit the uphill battle to hire and hold onto qualified teachers.
"One of the ways in which we can do this and I think can do this effectively is encouraging students to consider the field of teaching and creating teacher preparation academies within our junior high and high schools," Kishimoto said.
Of their three superintendent stints, Hawaii has by far the biggest school district with 180,000 students, 22,500 Department of Education employees, and a $1.9 billion operating budget.
But the New York native isn't overwhelmed. She'll focus on the same end game that they did as school superintendent in Connecticut and Arizona.
"Learning is supposed to be fun. And if kids are not having fun in class and they're telling us that they're bored, then we've missed something," they said.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
© REUTERS/ Mohamed Abd El Ghany Egypt Security Expert Calls for More Comprehensive Anti-Terrorist Measures
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Cairo has improved most security aspects providing for safe Egypt-Russia flights, but Moscow believes that a few details remain problematic, Russian upper house of parliament speaker Valentina Matvienko said Wednesday.
"The work on this project is almost finished, most items on the agenda for the improvement of the security on flights from Egypt have been carried out. However, there are a number of details that we are not satisfied with," Matvienko said.
Matvienko stressed that Russian stance on the matter had not changed and the security of its citizens remains a priority.
The upper house speaker confirmed that they would go to Egypt in the beginning of March on a planned official visit, unrelated to the flight security issues.
Russia has carried out a series of security checks at Egyptian airports after a crash of a Russian passenger plane that exploded soon after it took off at the Sharm El-Sheikh airport in October 2015.
The Airbus A321 crash over the Sinai desert killed 224 people aboard. The Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) classified the air disaster, the deadliest in Russian and Soviet history, as a terrorist attack.
Russia grounded flights to and from Egypt in November 2015. Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov said in January that the February inspection would likely be the last and suggested restrictions could be lifted in the near future, but the latest inspection showed that some details still had to be improved.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Prime Minister says Cummingsburg Accord laid the foundation for national and political unity
GEORGETOWN, Tuesday, February 14, 2017 – Honourable Prime Minister Moses Nagamootoo congratulates the APNU+AFC Coalition on the 2nd anniversary of the signing of the Cummingsburg Accord.
The Prime Minister said that the historic Cummingsburg Accord, signed at the Georgetown Club on February 14th, 2015, has “laid the foundation for enduring national and political unity in Guyana.”
“On this second anniversary of the signing of the Cummingsburg Accord, we recommit to the fundamentals of the accord, specifically accountability, transparency and good governance. The Cummingsburg Accord, signed between A Partnership for National Unity, comprising five political parties and the Alliance for Change, is founded on the ideals of shared governance, inclusivity, partnership and mutual respect,” Prime Minister Nagamootoo said.
Following the signing of the Cummingsburg Accord, the APNU+AFC Coalition was formed and it successfully ousted the PPP/C regime in the May 11, 2015 General and Regional Elections.
[India] Feb 3 (ANI): Two civilians and three Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were injured on Saturday in a grenade attack by terrorists on a patrol party of the security forces in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir.
The CRPF 180 battalion was crossing Tral's Batagund Village in Pulwama district when terrorists hurled grenades at them.
The injured civilians, who were identified as Shabir Ahmed Bhat (35) and Bilal Ahmed Sheikh (37), have been shifted to a hospital in Tral.
The condition of all the three jawans, including CRPF constable Gopi Chand who sustained a minor injury on the right cheek, is said to be out of danger. (ANI)
Phillies' rookie Scott Kingery showing progress after their best month
Phillies' rookie Scott Kingery showing progress after their best month Jun 30
Temple football celebrates Fourth of July with handful of commitments
Temple football celebrates Fourth of July with handful of commitments Jul 4
Marc Narducci has been covering sports for the Inquirer and Daily News since 1983. They have covered everything from South Jersey high schools to all the professional teams. Currently their main beat is Temple football and basketball. They also help out on the pro beats and writes a weekly South Jersey high school column.
Temple coach Geoff Collins is continuing to round out their 2019 recruiting class.
Temple continued to get an early jump on football recruiting as two high school players announced commitments on the Fourth of July, and a few more players are expected to commit to the Owls before the end of the day.
First was Victor Stoffel, a 6-foot-6 245-pound offensive tackle from Sweden. They play tight end but a person familiar with Temple recruiting says they will be moved to the offensive line. They announced their commitment on Twitter.
Jamal Speaks, a running back out of Dr. Henry Wise High in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, announced their commitment on Twitter shortly after Stoffel.
More commitments are expected on Wednesday. Other names considering Temple include: Kelvin Dean, a running back from James Rickards (Tallahassee, Fla.) High; Jacoby Sharpe, a defensive lineman from Lanier (Buford, Ga.) High; Zaylin Wood, a defensive lineman from Bowdon (Ga.) High; and Kennique Bonner-Steward, a quarterback from William Amos Hough (Cornelius, N.C.) High.
Temple commitments for the class of 2019:
MJ Griffin 6-1, 180 DB Saline H.S., Saline, Mich.
Kwesi Evans 6-3, 190 WR St. Francis Academy, Baltimore, Md.
Josh Fuga, DL 6-2, 320 Freedom H.S., Woodbridge, Va.
Jordan Magee 6-3, 205 LB Dover H.S., Dover, Del.
Tenyeh Dixon 5-11, 185 CB Woodson High, Washington, D.C.
Simon Abedimungu 6-5, 227 TE-DE Richard Montgomery H.S., Rockville, Md.
Yvandy Rigby 6-2, 217 FS/LB Egg Harbor Township/Milford Academy, New Berlin N.Y.
Wisdom Quarshie 6-2 ½, 306 DL St. Joseph's, Hammonton, N.J.
Christopher Fowx 6-6, 300 OT Archbishop Stepinac, White Plains, N.Y.
Re'Mahn Davis 5-10 220 RB Blair Academies, Blairstown, N.J.
Jermaine Donaldson 6-4 320 OL Eastern H.S., Voorhees, N.J.
Thomas Joe-Kamara 6-0, 190 S South Brunswick H.S., South Brunswick, N.J.
Nathaniel Wyatt 6-1, 180 ATH St. Joseph, Metuchen, N.J.
Edward Saydee 6-0, 185 RB Penn Charters
Jamal Speaks 6-0, 180 RB Dr. Henry Wise H.S., Upper Marlboro, Md.
Victor Stoffel, 6-6 245 OT Sweden
The new West Campus Classroom Building at Santa Barbara City College, on January 31. With construction complete the West Campus has a drop off and pick up area that reopened since construction completed.
The new West Campus Classroom Building at Santa Barbara City College, on January 31. With construction complete the West Campus has a drop off and pick up area that reopened since construction completed.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
From a rooftop garden and big windows to toilets that use reclaimed water, the new West Campus Classroom Building is now the most environmentally friendly building on campus.
“We're really excited about it,” said Lyndsay Maas, vice president of business services. “City College has made a stronger commitment to sustainability in recent years, and the design of the new building is focused around exactly that.”
The building, under construction since December 2015, was built with Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design standards in mind, commonly referred to as LEED. This is the most widely used green building rating system in the world. The building is currently under review to obtain the official environmental certification.
The new building reduces indoor drinkable water usage by 33 percent with the high-efficiency plumbing installed, ultimately saving 83,420 gallons a year. The toilets use only reclaimed water for flushing, unlike in other buildings on campus that use drinkable water in the toilets.
Maas said the building also reduces heat island effects. Heat islands are densely populated areas or cities that are hotter than the natural temperature in the rural areas around it. The light-colored concrete and the rooftop garden keep the building cooler, requiring less energy for heating and cooling inside the building.
The rooftop garden, which contains California native plants, also functions as a habitat for animals. In addition, the roof is expected to improve air quality and the collection and repurposing of rainwater.
Other environmentally friendly features of the building include:
Electrical efficiency that surpasses the California Energy Code by more than 26 percent.
On-site solar panels that provide thirteen percent of its total energy usage.
At least 20 percent of building products and materials are from recycled content.
Large windows that allow natural daylight and less need for energy use. Ninety-two percent of rooms have access to views.
The main purpose for the new building is to replace nine of the portable classrooms located on both East and West Campus. Four of these classrooms, East Campus Classrooms 28, 29, 30 and 33, already have been removed and relocated to the new building.
Ignacio Ponce, a City College American Sign Language associate professor, has taught their classes in East Campus Classroom 33 until they were able to move into their new classroom and office in the new building.
“It has been a great experience teaching in the new American Sign Language classroom, which was actually designed with ASL pedagogy in mind,” Ponce said.
“It comes with a semi circular desk arrangement and two levels to allow students to have a better view of the instructor and at the same time be able to see most of the students in class.”
ASL is among several of the class types and academic programs to be relocated to the new building. Like the Interdisciplinary Building, or IDC, it doesn't house one specific academic area. In addition to the seven ASL classes are 72 social sciences classes, 13 justice studies classes, nine film studies classes, and more.
Although the final cost of the West Campus Classroom Building is not yet calculated, it is estimated to be about $22 million, Maas said. They estimate that approximately $20 million came from the remaining funds left in the Measure V Bond, and $2 million came from a reserve construction fund within City College's general fund.
On Monday, a South Korean top financial regulator announced that the South Korean Ministry of Justice is considering banning all types of cryptocurrency transactions in the country to protect people against scams, even though an estimated 1 million South Koreans own bitcoin.
"We do not rule out an option that bans trading of [all] cryptocurrencies," said prosecutor Choi Jin-seok, who is involved in cryptocurrency-related crimes at the Ministry of Justice.
© REUTERS/ Dado Ruvic/Illustration Bitcoin Futures Skyrocket as Cryptocurrency Hits First Major Exchange
"We acknowledge many problems stemming from the trade and are studying how to control them," they added, Nikkei Asian.
Earlier this month, the ministry released a press release stating that it is planning on establishing new measures to control cryptocurrencies and prevent potential crimes by the end of the month.
The ministry's announcement of new measures comes as bitcoin's price has recently surged. According to the US cryptocurrency information site CoinDesk, the average exchange rate of a bitcoin to the US dollar has increased from $1,000 at the beginning of 2017 to more than $17,000 this month. Bitcoin's market capitalization is greater than that of global companies like Visa and Coca-Cola.
On December 10, the bitcoin trading market made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE). The Chicago Mercantile Exchange will also start trading its own bitcoin on December 18.
"The launch of futures traded on a regulated exchange is a watershed for bitcoin — testing infrastructure that will make it easier for legions of professional traders and mainstream investors to bet on the cryptocurrency's rise or fall, potentially helping to steer its price," Bloomberg recently reported.
However, some financial ministries have turned against cryptocurrency trading. In September, the People's Bank of China banned all centralized-auction exchanges for cryptocurrency and digital tokens, while in October, the Vietnamese government declared that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are not legal methods of payment inside the country. In fact, Vietnam announced that anyone who uses a cryptocurrency as payment will have to pay fines starting from January 1, 2018.
The Indonesian central bank followed Vietnam's lead, declaring in early December that the use of cryptocurrencies is banned inside the country as of 2018.
A A
VANCOUVER — A free Feb. 24 public event at Clark College will focus on how workplaces have changed, and will continue to, with a new generation of workers.
“Millennials in the Workforce” will be a two-hour event where Scott Sadler discusses the ways companies can get the most out of their young employees. Millennials comprise 27 percent of workers, according to the press release.
“Today's young graduates enter their working life with expectations and conceptual ideas that are very different than their predecessors,” reads the event announcement from the school.
“The millennial generation can utilize technological savvy and teamwork skills to bring tremendous value to any organization, if employers know how to harness their energy and talent,” it said.
The event will be from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in the Gaiser Student Center at Clark College, 1933 Fort Vancouver Way. For more information, contact Nichola Farron at nfarron@clark.edu or Francois Wevers at fwevers@clark.edu.
6/14/2017: Deputies applied for and received a warrant through Crawford County District court for the arrest of Muriece William Scholes, 77 of rural Frontenac, KS. The warrant- Attempted Murder in the First Degree- was executed today at approximately 1:46 p.m. when Crawford County Deputies located Scholes in Frontenac, KS. Deputies placed Scholes into custody without incident. The warrant alleges Scholes shot and wounded Warren Hill on June 4, 2017 at a location east of Pittsburg, KS.
6/4/2017: On 6-4-2017 at approximately 1:50 p.m., Crawford County Deputies were dispatched to the area of 940 S. 250th Street after receiving a report of a man found at that location suffering from a gunshot wound.
Deputies found Warren Hill, 42 of Pittsburg, KS lying on the property with a gunshot wound to the shoulder. Deputies initiated an investigation to determine the circumstances related to the incident. No further details will be released at this time.
Thinus Delport believes Jonny May's move from Gloucester to Leicester will provide them with a better platform to boost their England hopes.
Former Cherry and Whites wing or full-back Delport reckons the appeal of playing for a Tigers side that are regular Premiership title contenders and playing in European's top competition was key to May's decision to leave Kingsholm a year before their contract expires as they look to cement their place in the England side.
May started England's two Tests in Argentina over the summer but their wing rivals Jack Nowell, Elliot Daly and Anthony Watson were away with the British and Irish Lions, helping them draw the three-Test series with New Zealand.
“I'm a big Jonny fan myself and he's been fantastic for Gloucester in terms of their ability to score tries and create opportunities from little space,” said Delport.
“I was sad to see them go but I fully understand why they would do that in terms of wanting to play in a top four or top six teams with their international ambitions.
“It's a shame Gloucester couldn't provide them with that platform.”
Delport reckons that Gloucester made a good acquisition though by bringing in lock Ed Slater as part of the deal that saw May leave for Leicester.
“Ed Slater is a massive gain in terms of the experience and what they can bring to the pack,” said Delport.
“That will strengthen a Gloucester pack that has been under pressure for the last couple of years.
“He's a huge gain for Gloucester but Jonny is a massive loss. Their try-scoring ability has rescued Gloucester on a few occasions.”
South African back-row forward Ruan Ackermann, the son of new head coach Johan Ackermann, also joined Gloucester and Delport feels they have a lot to offer having been impressed with their form for Super Rugby finalists the Lions this year.
Delport said: “He's a massive gain. He's still a young player, he's only 21, but they do bring a lot to the game and is potentially a very good player.
“He's effective in to blindside and number eight positions so they bring more depth to the squad.”
Photo: Courtesy Shore Fire
By Scott T. Sterling
After recently swearing off interviews, Morrissey has taken matters into their own hands.
Related: The Killers Cover Morrissey and the Smiths: Watch
The alt-rock legend took to Facebook to decry commentary presented in a recent interview with German publication, Der Spiegel, regarding Donald Trump, Kevin Spacey and more.
“A few weeks ago, I foolishly allowed Germany's Der Spiegel into my life,” Moz shared on the post under the headline, “The Slander System.”
“Since they eagerly flew from Berlin to beloved Los Angeles in order to talk and laugh, I assumed a common understanding. Would I kill Donald Trump? No, never. Would I support Kevin Spacey's private proclivities? No, never. Would I ever support abuse of children? No, never.”
“In the world of music, as with politics, if you show any signs of being able to make a difference, you will be blocked, and you will have your arms tugged out from their sockets,” Morrissey added later in the message. “In the same world of music, if you have nothing to say, if your brain is a mental frost and if your pointless songs are the eyes of a dead fish, then your number 1 position awaits unmasked, and your five-star reviews shall keep the press alive.”
Read Morrissey's full statement below.
CLEVELAND (AP) - The memories of winning a championship two years ago came flooding back for the Chicago Cubs when they arrived at Progressive Field on Tuesday.
The positive feelings continued once the game began.
Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs during a 10-3 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908. While the significance of the latest victory didn't come close to matching that, the Chicago players were reminded of it everywhere they turned.
"I like to think about the World Series, especially about all of the adversity we faced," Schwarber said. "That was the moment we all live for, and we want to get back to it."
Cubs shortstop Addison Russell, who doubled and scored in the second, was excited about the return.
"Just walking off the bus, into the stadium, you get a sense of nostalgia," they said. "The first thing I noticed when we got in the clubhouse was they replaced the carpet, which was nice. I think we messed it up pretty good. I was thinking about that great memory, walking around with my World Series champion shirt on."
Even the weather was similar. Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0-3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Schwarber is batting .500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBIs in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the postseason. The left-handed hitter, who grew up in southwest Ohio, made their major league debut in Cleveland in 2015. They had six hits in their first two starts.
"Obviously, they see the ball well here," Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. "His debut was here, so that was adrenalin. The World Series was adrenalin. Now he's starting to hit the ball really well, so they showed up in Cleveland at the right time."
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. They were pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above their left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Maddon said they would speak with Bryant before making out Wednesday's lineup.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit their first home run of the season.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
"It was one of those games where we got down early and it just ... it was 5-1, but it seemed like more and they spread it out," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "It's kind of a miserable night and it's more miserable when you're losing."
The teams complete the two-game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over .500 (11-9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.
MORE FLASHBACKS
It only seemed natural the topic of the World Series was brought up before the game.
"It was one of the most interesting Series, probably ever," Maddon said.
Davis' eighth-inning home run off closer Aroldis Chapman tied the game and caused the ballpark to shake from the crowd reaction. Davis downplayed the significance of that moment on this series.
"We have to put it in perspective," they said. "It's not October, nor is it November. It's not World Series baseball. It's a lot different."
UP NEXT
Cubs LHP Jon Lester (2-0, 3.10 ERA) faces RHP Trevor Bauer (1-2, 2.67) in the series finale. Lester went 1-1 with a 3.68 ERA in three appearances against Cleveland during the 2016 World Series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BURG commences dividend distribution effective April 25, 2018 (KSE) Date: 24 Apr 2018 Burgan Bank commences, effective April 25, 2018, the distribution of cash dividends and grant shares approved by Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting of March 28, 2018 at Kuwait Clearing Company.
CGC holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on May 15, 2017 (KSE) Date: 16 Apr 2017 Combined Group Contracting Co. holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on May 15, 2017. Shareholders shall discuss recommendation to distribute 20 Fils cash dividends per share as well as 10 bonus shares for each 100 share. Capital shall be increased and Articles of Incorporation as well as Company Statute shall be amended accordingly.
Share. One of many Unreal-powered Switch games. One of many Unreal-powered Switch games.
Nintendo's upcoming Yoshi game for Switch is being developed with Unreal Engine 4.
Epic Games senior marketing manager Dana Cowley shared the news in a post on Twitter.
The adorable platformer is one of many upcoming Switch games being developed with Unreal Engine 4. In fact, Epic Games Japan rep Takayuki Kawasaki told Automaton (translation via Gematsu) that "in Japan, there are about 20 titles being developed that use Unreal Engine."
Yoshi for Nintendo Switch was announced earlier this week at E3. The 2D side-scroller features a cardboard-themed setting and will be released sometime in 2018.
Yoshi E3 2017 Reveal Trailer Stills 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 10 Stills from the E3 2017 reveal trailer for the new Yoshi game. 01 OF 10 Stills from the E3 2017 reveal trailer for the new Yoshi game. Yoshi E3 2017 Reveal Trailer Stills Download Image Captions ESC
For more from E3, head over to IGN's E3 2017 hub.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to their YouTube channel.
The thoughtful pooch even left out some carrot sticks for the reindeer!
Dressed to the nines in their best bow tie, this festive pup pulls out all the stops as they prepare for Santa Paws to stop by. With the milk, cookies and reindeer snacks perfectly laid out for Santa and their crew, the overjoyed Jack Russell forces themselves to sleep.
Hours later, they awaken to see their snacks devoured, stocking stuffed and wishlist fulfilled! Someone was a good boy this year!
DENVER, Colo. - The holiday season may have brought more cheer, but for many it also brought more debt. Shoppers added an average of about $1,000 in debt over the holidays. That's up about 2 percent from last year according to Magnify Money. And most people didn't plan on it.
"I didn't spend any more than usual but it's still a lot. It's always a lot.," says shopper Valeri Meyers.
They admit the holiday spending plan doesn't always turn out as intended.
"I try to stick to like the debit card with using what I've got but inevitably the credit cards come out," Meyers says.
Researchers at Georgetown and other universities found the secret to paying off those credit card bills may be focus. They found people who targeted paying off one of several accounts were more successful than those who spread out repayments across their cards.
Researchers also found people feel a bigger sense of accomplishment when they pay off a more significant portion of their balance, meaning it's not about how much you repay, but how much of the balance is left.
"I try to pay more than the minimum balance or the minimum required," Meyers says. "So I try to do double what they're asking for the minimum and it pays it off a little bit faster."
Experts say if your credit cards have similar interest rates, pay down the ones with the smallest balances first. Also, consider a balance transfer card. You can often get a zero percent introductory annual percentage rate. Although there is a fee, it could work well if you can pay down the transferred balance each month before the rate expires.
Still, experts say this shopper's approach may be best.
"I use my credit cards as convenience but I pay off the bills right away," Andy Klein says.
But if you can't, have a plan.
To avoid credit card debt in the first place, research from the Urban Institute says using cash instead of plastic for small purchases can really make a difference. A charge card can add about 20 percent to an item's total cost because of interest.
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Certain circles with an anti-Russian agenda are ramping up pressure on US President Donald Trump, Russian upper house of parliament speaker Valentina Matvienko said Wednesday.
"The pressure on Trump is continuing from certain circles that are trying to push their anti-Russian sentiments," Matvienko told reporters.
The New York Times cited four current and former US officials as saying Tuesday that phone records and intercepted calls purportedly show "repeated contacts" with senior Russian intelligence officials.
"We count on a constructive relationship with the US and understand that this takes time," Matvienko reiterated despite the latest reports.
Earlier in the day, the Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the issue calling it a sign of games and bargaining in the United States.
Donald Trump has repeatedly refuted reports about having any relations with Russia.
© AP Photo/ John Locher Flynn's Ouster: Trump's Opponents Seek to Tear Apart Their Cabinet Brick by Brick in regards to the fight against terrorism, and expressed readiness to build positive relations with Russia. Moscow has long been promoting the idea of fruitful cooperation with Washington.
After the leaders' phone talks on January 28, the Kremlin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the presidents had noted the importance of respect in relations.
A further likely rise in US interest rates this week shouldn't upset Australia's stable monetary policy outlook, Treasurer Scott Morrison says.
The US Federal Reserve is meeting for the next two days and is expected to increase the Fed funds rate by 0.25 per cent to 1.625 per cent after hiking it three times last year.
Mr Morrison told Bloomberg on the sidelines of the G20 finance ministers meeting in Buenos Aires what is happening in the US has been "well-forecast" and has already been factored in.
"Australia's monetary settings have been far more stable in terms of what the outlook is," Mr Morrison said.
"They've been that way now for some period of time and ... there's no real view that that's about to change anytime soon."
As such, any exchange rate volatility associated with a US rate hike should be modest for Australia, "a positive for us", they said.
The Reserve Bank has held the cash rate at a record low 1.5 per cent since August 2016 and financial markets see only a slim chance of a rise this year.
The central bank will release the minutes of its March 6 board meeting on Tuesday.
That meeting came a day before the latest national accounts showed the economy grew by a modest 0.4 per cent in the final three months of 2017, dragging annual growth down to 2.4 per cent.
The soft outcome even surprised the Reserve Bank, although its governor Philip Lowe does not expect it affects their optimistic outlook "at all".
The latest weekly ANZ-Roy Morgan consumer confidence index bounced back, rising 2.2 per cent after dropping 2.5 per cent the previous week on the weakest quarterly growth result in over a year.
"The bounce follows last week's report showing business conditions at a new record high and suggests that both the business and household communities remain optimistic about the outlook," ANZ senior economist Felicity Emmett said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Late Sunday, Netflix, one of the largest online streaming companies, sent out a tweet on its US account regarding users watching its latest original film, "A Christmas Prince" that made people, well, a little concerned.
"To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you?" the tweet, sent out at 10:52 p.m. local time, read.
© AP Photo/ Blair Raughley/Invision for Netflix Netflix to Finalize 'House of Cards' With 8th Season, Without Kevin Spacey
For those in the dark, the romantic comedy is described by the sharing service as, "Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king."
Think Hallmark-meets-millennials: the film basically has the makings of a classic Christmas-themed Hallmark movie that's based in a country no one has ever heard of.
As netizens by the hundreds tried to figure out why Netflix would out users in such a manner, Amanda Bell, a frequent writer on TV Guide, demanded answers.
"Why are you calling people out like that Netflix," they inquired, to which the service responded with a "just want to make sure you're okay."
— Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
​Netflix US wasn't the only service talking about the film. Netflix Canada started on its campaign a few days back on December 7.
— Netflix "Have you seen A Christmas Prince?" Canada (@Netflix_CA) December 7, 2017
— Netflix "Have you seen A Christmas Prince?" Canada (@Netflix_CA) December 9, 2017
​They also went as far to change their name to "Netflix ‘Have you seen A Christmas Prince?' Canada."
Though the AV Club speculates this could be a new social media tactic to promote its original content, people are not here for the change.
— Kevin Roose (@kevinroose) December 11, 2017
— Trey Graham (@treygraham) December 11, 2017
​Even some major companies got in on the Netflix-bashing.
— Pornhub ARIA (@Pornhub) December 11, 2017
​Beware Netflix-bingers, beware.
An Indian woman walks with cattle past a house damaged in cross border firing, during a lull in shelling between India and Pakistan in Jora farm village, in Ranbir Singh Pura district, India, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Pakistan and India have agreed to stop trading artillery fire in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, and on Wednesday the situation was calm after months of routine skirmishes that killed dozens of soldiers and civilians. (AP Photo/Channi Anand)
An Indian woman walks with cattle past a house damaged in cross border firing, during a lull in shelling between India and Pakistan in Jora farm village, in Ranbir Singh Pura district, India, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Pakistan and India have agreed to stop trading artillery fire in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, and on Wednesday the situation was calm after months of routine skirmishes that killed dozens of soldiers and civilians. (AP Photo/Channi Anand)
ISLAMABAD (AP) - Pakistan and India have agreed to stop trading fire, including artillery and small weapons, along the highly militarized frontier in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir and uphold a cease-fire accord dating back 15 years.
After months of routine skirmishes that have killed dozens of soldiers and civilians on both sides, the situation was calm on Wednesday.
Pakistan's military said late Tuesday that local generals reached the understanding using a special hotline set up to defuse tensions in Kashmir, which is split between Indian and Pakistani zones of control. Both nuclear-armed powers claim Kashmir in its entirety, and the territorial dispute has ignited two wars between Pakistan and India since they gained independence in 1947.
Both sides "agreed to undertake sincere measures to improve the existing situation, ensuring peace and avoidance of hardships to the civilians along the borders," the Pakistani military said in a statement.
It said that if future violence occurs in the disputed region, "restraint will be exercised and the matter will be resolved through utilization of existing mechanisms of hotline contacts and border flag meetings at local commander's level."
The Indian army confirmed the agreement and issued the same statement. The two sides also agreed to fully implement a 2003 cease-fire that has been repeatedly violated.
Tensions have soared in recent weeks, as both sides have shelled border posts and villages and used automatic fire along the highly militarized frontier. Each side has accused the other of starting the hostilities in violation of the 2003 accord. This year, the situation worsened as the rivals also fired artillery shells at each other's positions.
The soldiers from the two sides have engaged in fierce border skirmishes along the rugged and mountainous Line of Control which divides Kashmir territory between the two nations, as well as a lower-altitude 200-kilometer (125-mile) boundary separating Indian-controlled Kashmir and the Pakistani province of Punjab, where most of the latest fighting occurred.
On the Indian side, the fighting has driven people from villages along the border, and government buildings have been converted into temporary shelters. Houses have been damaged, and dozens of schools in villages along the frontier have been closed, with authorities advising residents to stay indoors.
The shelling has cast a pall over the holy month of Ramadan in the mostly Muslim region. The shelling typically flares up in the pre-dawn hours, when families are having a meal known as "suhoor" ahead of the daytime fast.
India says 25 civilians and 18 soldiers have been killed this year in over 800 cease-fire violations initiated by Pakistan.
Pakistan accuses Indian forces of more than 1,050 cease-fire violations this year, resulting in the deaths of 28 civilians and injuries to 117 others.
Senior officials at the foreign ministry in Islamabad said Wednesday that Pakistan sees peace talks and negotiations as the only way to resolve all issues between the two sides. The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity to talk to reporters, insisted that Pakistani troops never deliberately target civilians on the Indian side but only respond to Indian fire in Kashmir.
Sheikh Abdul Qayoom, an analyst based in Srinagar, on the Indian side, said the latest cease-fire is unlikely to hold unless the two countries come to a broader agreement on Kashmir, something that has eluded them for decades.
"India and Pakistan have always agreed to cease fire after a cycle of violence, but that in itself has been a sporadic thing, it has been an episodic peace between these two countries, then they return back to violence," they said.
Residents on both side of the Line of Control nevertheless welcomed the announcement and expressed hope the peace would hold.
"This is exactly what people on both sides want, peace is the desire of all people," said Tariq Mir, a business person living on the Pakistani side.
Sharafat Hussain, a lawyer in Muzaffarabad, the capital of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir, said both sides should adhere to the cease-fire. "They should look to resolving problems through dialogue, as gunfire is not the solution."
Sahil Nazir, a resident of Srinagar, said the latest cease-fire was a "good announcement" that must be implemented on the ground. "Guns should be silenced on both sides and borders should stay calm."
___
Hussain reported from Srinagar, India. Associated Press writers Ashok Sharma and Tim Sullivan in New Delhi, and Roshan Mughal in Muzaffarabad, Pakistan, contributed to this report.
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Nan Brennan, Brennan's Criterion Bar, Main St, Bundoran, Co. Donegal
Nan Brennan, Brennan's Criterion Bar, Main St. Bundoran, Co. Donegal on Sunday, August 13th, 2017, peacefully at their residence surrounded by their loving family, friends and neighbours. Deeply and sincerely regretted by their loving and heartbroken sisters Patricia and Cait, their brother-in-law Seamus, their niece Brid and nephew Seamus, their wonderful and loyal neighbours, friends, customers and all who had the pleasure of knowing them
Reposing at their residence at Main St, Bundoran on Monday, August 14th from 11am until 5pm. House private from 5pm please. Removal from there on Monday evening at 6.30pm to arrive at the Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea, Bundoran, for Reception prayers at 7pm. Mass of the Resurrection on Tuesday morning, August 15th at 12 noon followed by burial in Finner Cemetery, Bundoran. Family Flowers only please, donations if so desired to the Renovation Fund at Our Lady Star of the Sea Church, Bundoran care of Conlan - Breslin Funerals, Bundoran.
Nan, along with their sister Patricia, ran Brennan's Criterion Bar in Bundoran for a lifetime, this famous pub opened in the 1900s by the Brennan family and in all those years remained more or less the same, run by the two famous sisters, it became a landmark place in Bundoran, where customers both local and visiting were always sure of a warm and friendly welcome. Nan, along with their sister Patricia, are regarded as highly esteemed members of the community, and as their family prepare to say goodbye to their beloved sister, we as a community prepare to say goodbye to one of Bundoran's much loved citizens. A lady that will be sadly missed, but fondly remembered by all.
"Ar dheis De go raibh a hanam"
John Patrick Turbett, Dublin / Mohill, Co. Leitrim
John Patrick Turbett, Park Hill Road and formerly of Mohill, Co. Leitrim, on Sunday, 13th August, 2017, peacefully in the care of Our Lady's Hospice, Harolds Cross. Predeceased by their son John, brother Sonny and sister Josephine; very sadly missed by their loving daughters Leah and Caroline, grandchildren, brother Brendan, sisters Anna, Olive and Christina, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Service being held in Mount Jerome Crematoriun on Tuesday at 4pm. Family flowers only please, donations, if desired, to Our Lady's Hospice, Harolds Cross.
Prionnsias (Frank) McHugh, Dublin / Glenfarne, Co. Leitrim
Prionnsias (Frank) McHugh, Ballinteer, Dublin and formerly of Ardmoneen, Glenfarne, Co Leitrim on Saturday, 12th August, 2017, peacefully at the Beacon Hospital, Dublin. Much loved brother of Moira, Pauric, Sean, Gerri, Benedict, Celine, Jacinta and Vincent. Hugely missed by their nieces, nephews, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, grandniece, large circle of friends and work colleagues in the HSE.
Removal to St Mary's Church, Glenfarne, Co Leitrim on Tuesday, 15th August for Requiem Mass at 2.00 pm, followed by cremation in Lakelands Crematorium, Cavan. No flowers, donations if desired to St Mary's Hospice, Harolds Cross, Dublin. Crematorium strictly private to family members only.
Michael McPartland, Kilsallagh, Bawnboy, Co. Cavan
Michael McPartland, Kilsallagh, Bawnboy, Co. Cavan on Friday, August 11th, 2017, peacefully in the loving care of their family at their daughter Anne's residence, Lisaderg, New Inns, Ballyjamesduff. Beloved husband of Bridget. Deeply regretted by their loving wife, daughters, sons-in-law, grandchildren, relatives and friends. Rest in Peace. Removal on Monday morning to Our Lady of Lourdes Church, Ballyconnell for funeral mass at 11 o'clock. Burial afterwards in Port cemetery, Bawnboy.
May they rest in peace.
1. Always Pay Your Minimums
2. Keep Your Balance Below 30 Percent Of Your Credit Line
3. Find A Method That Works For You
4. Pay Off Your Balance
It can be confusing to figure out the best way to pay off credit card debt, especially if you're juggling multiple cards. There's more than one way to manage your debt. But if maintaining a healthy credit score is your top priority, follow these tips:The first thing you should prioritize is paying off the monthly minimum on each of your credit cards. If you don't pay your minimum, you'll start getting hit with late fees — which can add up fast. And if you fall far enough behind, your credit will suffer. FICO calculates your credit score based on your performance in five categories: Amounts owed, new credit, length of credit history, credit mix and payment history. The latter, which can be hit by missing minimum payments, accounts for 35 percent of your overall score. If you're deciding between paying off a balance and paying minimums on other cards, you should always pay off your minimums first, said Malik Lee, certified financial planner and associate at Henssler Financial. "You want to rebuild your credit without going further in debt," they said. A good way to make sure you don't fall behind on minimums is to set up automatic payments through your bank.If you're strictly focused on building up credit and can't avoid a balance on your card, at least make sure to keep your balance below 30 percent of your total credit line. If it crosses that threshold, you might start to see your credit score drop. Jared Paul, a certified financial planner and founder of Capable Wealth, explained that borrowers who keep their balance below 30 percent aren't seen as a risk or a threat by creditors — so a balance of less than one-third of your credit line won't hurt your score. Paul added that keeping a small balance can actually help build credit. "It might not be a bad idea to pay the minimums for a while so [you're] showing a longer history of on-time payments," they said. "If you just have a credit that's forever with zero balance — it's not a bad thing, but it's not a way to show that you're paying on time."If you've got balances across multiple cards, it makes the most sense to tackle the card with the highest-interest rate firstBut if that balance is especially big, it might be more motivating to eliminate balances from smallest to largest. "By focusing on the card with the lowest balance, you can more quickly achieve a 'win' by paying it off in full," Paul said. "Then, move on to the next lowest balance." These wins can help borrowers feel like they're making good progress, Paul said. "If that can help someone get out of debt faster, that's the long-term best play."If you're focused strictly on eliminating debt without taking on extra costs, pay off outstanding credit card balances. That debt collects interest, so paying it off quickly will save you money in the long run. But once you've eliminated your balance, don't get rid of your card. The "length of credit history" component of your credit score makes up 15 percent of your overall score, so it makes sense to keep your cards open and continue paying off their minimum balance once you've brought your balance down to zero. Written by Danielle Wiener-Bronner for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Airlines to fly 80 Guyanese home from hurricane ravaged Caribbean islands
Georgetown, Guyana – (October 5, 2017) Prime Minister Moses Nagamootoo said that approximately 80 Guyanese will be flown home after the recent hurricanes, which left the Caribbean islands of Dominica, British Virgin Islands and Barbuda with catastrophic damage. The Prime Minister made this announcement today at the John Fernandes Limited (JFL) wharf when he, along with Minister of State, Mr. Joseph Harmon, inspected four more containers filled with $18 Million worth of relief supplies, which will be shipped to Antigua and Barbuda this weekend.
The Guyanese, who will return home will be flown to Guyana by Jags Aviation Incorporated, Roraima Airways, Fly Jamaica Airways, Air Services Limited, Hopkinson Mining Aviation. These companies joined the relief effort by offering this service to Government and the Prime Minister said that they are pleased with the level of private sector support. “All of them, who we know operate aircraft on a commercial basis have come forward today to give assistance to make flights available to some Caribbean destinations to bring back an estimate 80 Guyanese who would like to return home, and who cannot afford to do so on their own… We are elated that we are having this type of response from the private sector and the broader Guyanese society,” Prime Minister Nagamootoo said.
The Prime Minister added that Government will provide some aviation fuel for the flights and will work on providing identification documents for those who may have lost them during the storms. The first flight is expected to arrive in Guyana this weekend from the British Virgin Islands. The body of Mr. Derek Ragnauth, who sadly lost their lives as a result of Hurricane Irma, will be returned to Guyana on that flight.
Meanwhile, Minister Harmon, who also echoed the sentiments of the Prime Minister, said that the Government is happy that members of the private sector and ordinary citizens have donated in cash and kind to the local relief effort. “We have always spoken about the cooperation between the private sector and the state sector and this is a really wonderful, a powerful demonstration of us working together for the benefit of those who are in need,” Mr. Harmon said. The Minister also thanked Mr. John Fernandes for providing shipping services for the delivery of the relief items.
Director General of the Civil Defence Commission (CDC), Colonel (ret'd) Chabilall Ramsarup said that the items, which are being sent in the shipment that was inspected today amounts to in excess of 30 tonnes of food supplies, water and medical supplies . They said that another two containers are currently being packed at the CDC headquarters. “I am hoping that we can get the items to fill it bytomorrow so that we can have it here to catch the line that is leaving on Saturday morning,” Mr. Ramsarup said.
On Tuesday the Minister of State and the Prime Minister had inspected six containers, valued at approximately $20 million in relief supplies. Those containers were shipped to Antigua and Dominica.
In addition to the relief supplies provided by the Private Sector, the Government of Guyana had pledged an initial sum of US$100,000 to the affected countries through the regional disaster response mechanism, the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency (CDEMA).
Quality Curbs – builds trust in between the client and company by delivering quality services at best possible rates. At Quality Curbs we have a team of dedicated professionals who have sufficient experience and technical knowledge to provide a quality garden edging services to our clients. The team of professionals first visit the site to get an idea what type of work should be done so that the Garden should provide the best view to the visitors and passer-byes. We are known for creating attractive, permanent concrete and beautifully landscaped curbs that will enhance your new or existing garden setting.
We have a wide array of styles, colors, and stamps for the customers to make a selection according to their choices and budgets. We are known as “Quick Curb” as in most cases, the installation of garden edging gets completed within a day while in some cases it takes two or more days as the size of work matters. Being a specialized garden edging Edmonton, we offer durable and affordable curbing to all our clients so that everyone can avail quality services at affordable price. Our services of curbs not only add beauty and value to your home garden but also minimize the maintenance by saving you hours of weeding and trimming. You just need to install the mower along the curb and all you have done as it offers a relaxed and hassle-free way for you to spend more time to enjoy and relax in your yard.
We offer Quality Curbs in all shapes like – square, mower, and slant to select the one that you like the most. All of them provide the best view of the garden once the installation gets finished by our experts. Our primary aim is to meet all the requirements of our customers and give them 100% satisfactory services. We only use quality products which will add appeal to your garden for years to come. For the people of Greater Edmonton area, we offer free, no-obligation consultation.
If you are looking for the company to complete the view of your garden at best rate in Edmonton, then Quality Curb is the name you can trust on. We provide free quotes to all our clients that are mostly based on the size of the garden which can be provided through the emails, on the call or by visiting the site.
Company Profile:
Quality Curbs the leading garden edging Edmonton Company that offers quality services at affordable prices. The company has a team of professionals who have enough knowledge of designing the best landscape view of the garden. Being a professional garden edging Edmonton Company, we know the value of your concerned emotions, so we always try to deliver exact services as you expect from us. By selecting the shape, and color of the stamps, then our team of experts gets into action. You will get ready your garden within a day. We provide 100% genuine edging products at affordable rates.
Contact-Details:
Get in touch with us.
Give us a call if you have any questions!
780.220.6383
qualitycurbs.ca@gmail.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luke Thomas is flying home early from Derby County's training camp in Tenerife after being given permission to speak to West Ham United over a potential move to the Premier League club.
The 19-year-old is returning to England on Wednesday evening, three days before the rest of newly-appointed boss Frank Lampard's squad.
Thomas was the Rams' young player of the year last season, making two substitute appearances in the Championship, against QPR and Bolton Wanderers.
Their first team debut netted former club Cheltenham Town £25,000 as part of the deal that saw them move to Pride Park in January 2016.
They had impressed for the Robins' youth and reserve teams, making their senior debut in an FA Trophy tie against Chelmsford City at Whaddon Road just before departing Derby.
Thomas. who is from the Forest of Dean, also enjoyed a three month loan spell in National League North with Gloucester City in 2016/17, helping them make significant progress last term and they earned a new three year deal in October.
Their eldest brother Keiran left Gloucester to join Hereford FC this summer. Middle brother Liam plays for Gloucestershire County League club Broadwell Amateurs.
Cheltenham would be due a percentage of any fee paid by West Ham for Thomas' signature.
April 6 Hong Kong stocks fell on Thursday in sympathy with Asia markets, as investors fretted about signs the Federal Reserve could scale back its massive stimulus this year amid frayed nerves ahead of a looming meeting between the U.S. and Chinese presidents.
The benchmark Hang Seng index dropped 0.5 percent at the close, to 24,273.72 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.9 percent, to 10,276.41 points.
Analysts say risk appetites shrank on news that most Fed policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its king-sized balance sheet later this year as long as U.S. economic data holds up.
Much of the attention was on President Donald Trump's first face-to-face meeting with China President Xi Jinping, with trade and security issues set to figure prominently.
"As long as they don't have huge conflict, the meeting won't have much impact," said Alex Wong, Hong Kong-based director of Ample Finance Group.
Wong also brushed aside the latest economic indicators about China. Activity in the service sector expanded at its weakest pace in six months in March, hurt by slower growth in new orders and intensifying cost pressures, a private survey showed.
"Investors are generally optimistic towards mainland's consumption and real estate sectors," they said.
Most sectors in Hong Kong retreated on Thursday, with losses led by telecommunication stocks. A relevant sub-index contracted about 1.3 percent at the close. (Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Nikki Beasley is poised, even though she's squaring off against Richmond's city council and Mayor Tom Butt, who moments earlier proposed axing the city's only public housing agency.
The mayor contends that the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD, a primary source of funding for most public housing agencies, is unfairly punishing Richmond with a series of audits, fines and threats. But Beasley says it's a little more complicated, and that Richmond “did and does have a responsibility” to the agency's muddled past.
“We didn't get here overnight,” they remind the council. “This has been ongoing.”
Beasley is a executive director of Richmond Neighborhood Housing Services, a nonprofit developed in the 1980s to address housing inequities, particularly those created by practices such as redlining and discriminatory lending. She's served in their current position for little more than a year, but in that time she's made it clear she'll be showing up and speaking their mind when it counts.
“I sit at a lot of tables, and there's not people of color at these tables, so I make it a point to show up,” Beasley told Richmond Confidential during an interview.
With significant developments — like Hilltop Mall, which could add nearly 10,000 housing units to Richmond's housing inventory, and Terminal One — in the pipeline, gentrification is on the horizon, Beasley says. What matters now is educating the public on what's to come, particularly those most vulnerable to a sharp rise in the cost of living.
“For the city of Richmond, when you look at the historical growth, you haven't really seen growth since World War II,” Beasley said.
The challenges, Beasley says, are “multifaceted,” and need to be addressed by educating the community and promoting upward mobility.
But a lot also rests on the city's ability to be “forward-thinking and ahead of the pendulum as things start to shift,” they say.
Beasley didn't follow a traditional path to nonprofit work. They got their start as a banker and, later, took on their own insurance practice. After their mother passed away suddenly in 2014, Beasley found themselves drifting. They were at the top level of their career, a job they said they could do “in their sleep.” But in 2016, a friend approached them about a new opportunity: a nonprofit housing agency in Richmond that was trying to rebrand itself.
It was also looking for a new director.
‘There Had to Be More'
In 1985, Beasley's life changed. They were working in retail, and a customer approached them with a job offer.
“She liked the way that I sold,” Beasley remembered. The woman, a branch manager at a local bank, offered them a part-time job. They accepted.
“I started out as a teller, got a chance to see them in action, and said ‘I want to do that, I want to be a branch manager.'”
It would be a windy road, complete with the birth of two daughters and the end of a rocky relationship, but Beasley surmounted these obstacles and more while climbing their way from teller to branch manager at a San Francisco Citibank, where they worked for over 10 years.
“I kind of got that desire that there had to be more, that I had to do more,” Beasley said.
In 2005, Beasley left Citibank and moved to Stockton, where they established their own insurance practice. But when they started talking to their clients, particularly women, they would express frustration with their finances and many didn't know how to plan ahead. On the side, they started doing consultations.
“I felt that finance is an intimidating conversation for most, and I wanted to be able to educate women so they would know how to have conversations with professionals as it related to their financing,” Beasley said.
There's a financial “gap” between men and women that encompasses more than just pay rates and bonuses, they said.
According to a report from MarketWatch, women make just 79 percent of what men do for the same amount of work, which puts them at a disadvantage when it comes to creating an emergency fund, saving for a home or stashing money for retirement. The same report says men have about 50 percent more in their retirement accounts than women.
Beasley would coach clients along so that they would feel better about having conversations with banks and financial advisors, not walking away with things they didn't need because they were intimidated by the process.
Beasley's knack for educating women in financial matters extends to their own young daughters, age 26 and 17. She's mindful of the legacy she's leaving behind. “Although motherhood is great, it'd be nice to see them doing their own thing,” they said.
After more than two decades in the banking and finance world, Beasley again felt the call for more. They had always been engaged with the community during their career, so it seemed like a natural progression to move into the nonprofit realm.
A friend was approached by the board of directors for Richmond Neighborhood Housing Services (RHNS), a nonprofit organization that helped residents find affordable housing, and advocated for low-income residents. They said they were trying to relaunch their organization, and asked if they knew anyone who would be a good fit for their new executive director.
Beasley looked into it, and in May 2016 they took the helm.
“To be in affordable housing, it's kind of like the best thing ever, because everyone's talking about it,” they said. “You can't go anywhere without there being a conversation about housing, so this is a great time to be in the industry.”
When Things Don't ‘Pencil,' Find a Pen
Beasley is moderating a housing town hall inside a south Richmond church on a Saturday morning. In the room are five individuals who represent a wide variety of related issues: a nonprofit developer of affordable housing, a state representative, a local activist, a tenant, and Mariana Moore, director of Contra Costa's Ensuring Opportunity campaign, an initiative to end poverty in the county.
The nonprofit developer spoke about the difficulty developing affordable units in Richmond, and how endeavors in the area weren't “penciling” out for the company at present. Beasley wasn't satisfied with that answer. They challenged the developer to think of ways to overcome the financial obstacles.
Moore praised their no-nonsense spirit. If there's an obstacle, they said, Beasley will ask how we knock it down. “Her fierce, fighting spirit shows up in those kinds of conversations, where I think she's just kind of someone who doesn't take no for an answer.”
Moore hosted a series of housing town halls throughout Contra Costa County during the fall, and asked Beasley personally to lead the forum in Richmond.
“She's just that kind of person that can come in and just do an extremely confident job and knows the issues, and yet can create space for other people to be in dialogue on the issues,” Moore said.
The nonprofit that Beasley leads may not be a household name, but Richmond Neighborhood Housing Services is an official HUD counseling agency that has helped connect more than 7,500 Bay Area residents to critical services, including legal aid, affordable rental assistance and down payment assistance, financial literacy education and more. Its aim: to “reverse the adverse effects of systemic segregation, redlining, disinvestment and blight,” according to RNHS website.
“Our mission is to show up, and be in these places and spaces that no one else, you don't have people of color, black people in powerful positions or in decision-making positions at the table having these conversations,” Beasley said.
Beasley cites books like The Color of Law, which outline decades of systematic segregation in home buying, lending, renting, health care, and countless other critical services, along color lines.
“We have been living this for a long time. Maybe we haven't understood the words or the terminology to articulate, but we've known for a long time something just wasn't right,” Beasley explained.
Always Make a Plan
If the debt weren't an issue, Beasley says she'd be getting their master's degree right now.
“At the end of the day I would love to be a professor. That's how I would like to retire.” They say a quiet house on the hill wouldn't hurt, either.
Beasley says that when she's off, she's off, and when she's on, she's on. On weekends, you might catch them in a pair of flip-flops tending to their patio garden, or you might not find them at all.
“I grew up as an only child, so I'm really OK with being by myself. I long for the days of not getting out of bed and binge watching on Netflix or Hulu.”
But Beasley is “on” more often than not. She's giddy when they talk about the future of RNHS. They practically squeak while divulging their latest plan: to finance five to seven infill homes in partnership with the Richmond Community Foundation, which recently secured a social impact bond to rehabilitate 17 homes.
RNHS is also bidding for a blighted property with infill homes in West Oakland. If the bid is successful, they'll restore these homes and sell them as affordable single-family dwellings.
As much as they love the nonprofit world, and being a housing advocate in the Richmond community, they hope that in the future the organization disappears — because it's no longer needed.
“My goal is, and it may not be reached in my tenure or in my lifetime, but the goal of a nonprofit is to no longer be relevant because you fixed the problem,” Beasley said. “So, the times that I'm here I want to be sure that because of us we're seeing some changes.”
Beasley says she's learned a lot during the past year and a half, but the most striking realization was that there are real people at the end of all the huge conversations around housing and inequity. She's gotten “very protective” of the Richmond residents and communities that they serve.
“What I've learned that if you don't make a plan, a plan will be designed for you.”
Winter sports at Palisades High School , which include girls and boys basketball, girls and boys soccer, girls water polo and wrestling, have finished their preseason action, with Western League games beginning.
BOYS SOCCER, under head coach David Suarez, played Malibu at home on Dec. 1, winning 3-0. Co-captain Shayan Safa scored two goals and Ethan Miller-Dambrosia scored one. On Dec. 6, the Dolphins played at perennial powerhouse Westchester and hosted University High School on Friday.
GIRLS SOCCER, under head coach Christian Chambers, defeated Culver City 3-0 on November 28 and tied Santa Monica 0-0 on November 30. The Dolphins played Westchester at home Dec. 6 and traveled to University High School on Dec. 8.
GIRLS WATER POLO, coached by Kirk Lazaruk, lost its first game against Culver City 11-7, but then in the Burbank tournament, beat Hoover, Arcadia, San Marino and Monrovia and won the first girls tournament championship in school history. The Dolphins played at home Dec. 6 against Alemany, and begin league play by hosting Banning at 3 p.m. on December 11.
WRESTLING, coached by Also Juliano, lost its first match on November 25 against Carter (Rialto) 55-18 and then defeated Carson soundly 33-9 on November 30. The team also participated in the 36th Annual Newbury Park Invitational on Dec. 2.
One Green Country man's adventure they took at Lake Tenkiller decades ago came rushing back after a dive team uncovered part of their past at the bottom of the lake.
Scroll for more content...
Thomas Youell is an avid diver. They spent years learning the art of diving at Gene's Aqua Pro. It's at this shop where Youell found themselves taking a trip down memory lane after a wallet they lost 30 years ago made its way back into theirs hands.
"Oh it's déjà vu, it's just terrific," Youell said. "I don't remember anything about the date specifically. Just the affect it had on me."
A dive three decades ago landed Youell back in Gene's Aqua Pro, where members are family.
"You meet such nice people who are exciting and adventurous and friendly," Youell said.
A recent dive lead by an Aqua Pro instructor dug up a piece history Thomas thought he'd lost forever.
"It was a time capsule at this point," Youell said.
Their wallet was lost on a dive in the '80s and recovered nearly 30 years later. The contents inside were all still intact.
"I found a driver's license, Pepsi Cola I.D. card a pop and go movie rental card, and some group insurance cards," they said.
All the credit goes to Courtney Neuhoefer, who found the wallet during a dive in Tenkiller. They said they were shocked to find the contents inside, but even more so to find the owner, a fellow diver.
Neuhoefer said they were on their last dive of the day and was retrieving the anchor to the boat. When they went to grab it, they said the wallet was sitting next to it.
They said they brought the wallet to the surface and began looking through the contents. After finding Youell's I.D., they said they found them on Facebook and noticed they had pictures diving at lake Tenkiller in the exact spot they found the wallet.
"Divers are good at that," Youell said. "We tend to mingle together fairly well."
But the discovery is not about the wallet's contents, but more so about Youell.
"I'm not surprised that it was returned at all," Youell said. "I've returned everything I have ever found and I've had things returned to me."
They hope this is a lesson to everyone that good things happen to good people.
"It's a kind of story that really benefits people to hear," they said. "That we still do this."
And with a little patience, an unexpected moment will come, to remind you the past is a treasure.
This year, as part of ‘The Big Scoop' dog fouling awareness campaign, Dogs Trust is taking part in TidyTowns 2018 under the Special Award Category. The Big Scoop Award aims to encourage dog owners to take responsibility and pick up after their dogs, thus reducing the amount of dog poo being left in public spaces.
Dogs Trust would like to see every TidyTowns committee, old or new, applying for The Big Scoop Award and choose an area in their community where they have found dog fouling to be particularly problematic. The community who wins the award will have demonstrated the most creative and sustainable way of dealing with the issue of dog fouling in their community.
A recent Behaviour and Attitudes survey found that 7 in 10 people claimed to have walked in dog poo on the street, 60% in a park, 44% in the house, 43% in the local children's park, 24% rolled a buggy through it, 20% rolled a bicycle through it, 10% rolled their wheelchair through it.
Aside from the yuck-factor of stepping in dog poo, there can be major health implications associated with it. Dog poo can contain nasty bacteria such as E-coli and parasites like roundworm, the larvae of which can cause loss of vision. That is why Dogs Trust wants all communities to come together to encourage dog owners to be kind to their community and scoop that poop!
Dogs Trust has created an animation which emphasizes the issue of dog fouling and those that it affects, while also highlighting how simple it is to be a responsible dog owner.
If you want your TidyTowns Committee to get involved all you have to do is visit www.dogstrust.ie/ TidyTowns to download an application form.
The closing date for completed application forms is May 23. To be sure you have enough time to complete your project before then, Dogs Trust recommends you download the application right away and get your thinking cap on and your committee ready!
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Arcis-sur-Aube, near Troyes, France April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Wednesday they hoped far-right National Front candidate Marine Le Pen does not become French president.
"We need France at least as much as France needs us," Schaeuble said during a round table discussion in Berlin. "I hope Le Pen does not become French president."
France votes in the first round of its presidential election in April 23, with the top two placed candidates going forward to a run-off on May 7. Earlier on Wednesday, an Ifop-Fiducial poll showed Le Pen leading narrowly in the first round, but likely to lose the run-off to centrist Emmanuel Macron.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARAB, Ala. -- The FBI has joined the search for four missing brothers who were last seen at their grandmother's home in Arab, Alabama on Friday, police said.
Felony warrants have been issued for the parents, 39-year-old Marcus Eugene Simmons and 29-year-old Karissa Renee Cummings.
A state missing child alert is in effect as authorities look for 1-year-old Corbin Simmons, 4-year-old Alexander Simmons, 5-year-old Nicholas Simmons and 11-year-old Ian Simmons.
Authorities said they may be traveling in a 2003 white Ford Windstar with a license plate of 8AJ1511.
Investigators say the couple have not had any contact with anyone – family or law enforcement – and may be heading to North Carolina or Georgia to be with other family members, according to WHNT.
Blount County DHR removed the children from the couple's care on December 7 and placed them with their grandmother, who lives on Cobb Road, as a temporary measure.
"DHR (Department of Human Resources) advised us that there were some allegations of abuse that happened in the home, and that was why they removed them from the home," Arab Police Assistant Chief Shane Washburn said.
Simmons is the father of all four children and Cummings is the mother of three of the boys. The mother of the fourth boy filed a missing child report.
Officers believe the couple took the kids from their grandmother's home in Arab on Friday between midnight and seven a.m. "The family member was asleep at the time the children were taken. They found out around 7 a.m. the next morning," Washburn said.
"Mr. Simmons previously lived at the residence on Cobb Road. There's no forced entry to the home, and also Mr. Simmons has had no contact with any other of their family members," Washburn said. "They had tried to contact them and they have eliminated all forms of communication."
There was another child at the home but the couple didn't take that child with the four boys. "Being that DHR removed them from the home I do believe there is some form of danger; to what extent I can't say," Washburn said.
Police have issued descriptions of the children and are asking the public for help finding them.
Washburn said in a case like this one every little bit of information helps. "By all means, any help that we can get from the public is greatly needed. It is welcomed. Because once again, we need their help in solving this case and finding these children."
"I would rather search down several tips and they not turn out to be anything than to have someone not give me the one tip that matters," Washburn continued.
They added that in prior cases like this one, tips were vital for the small department in tracking down leads. "In this case, it looks like they have possibly left the state and so our resources are very limited to where we can't reach out that far, so we depend on the public's help and other law enforcement agencies to help us."
Anyone that has any information regarding their whereabouts is asked to contact the Arab Police Department at 256-586-8124, or your local law enforcement agency.
The undated image provided on Aug. 2, 2017 shows Trinh Xuan Thanh, a business person and former functionary of Vietnam's Communist Party sitting on a park bench in Berlin, Germany. A Vietnamese man charged with involvement in the kidnapping of the former Vietnamese oil executive Trinh Xuan Thanh in Berlin has gone on trial in the German capital. The 47-year-old, identified only as Long N.H. because of German privacy rules, is charged with espionage and being an accessory to deprivation of liberty. Germany believes the kidnapping was a Vietnamese intelligence operation. (dpa via AP)
The undated image provided on Aug. 2, 2017 shows Trinh Xuan Thanh, a business person and former functionary of Vietnam's Communist Party sitting on a park bench in Berlin, Germany. A Vietnamese man charged with involvement in the kidnapping of the former Vietnamese oil executive Trinh Xuan Thanh in Berlin has gone on trial in the German capital. The 47-year-old, identified only as Long N.H. because of German privacy rules, is charged with espionage and being an accessory to deprivation of liberty. Germany believes the kidnapping was a Vietnamese intelligence operation. (dpa via AP)
BERLIN (AP) - A Vietnamese man charged with involvement in the kidnapping of a former Vietnamese oil executive in Berlin went on trial Tuesday in the German capital. The case has strained diplomatic ties between Berlin and Hanoi.
The 47-year-old, identified only as Long N.H. because of German privacy rules, is charged with espionage and being an accessory to deprivation of liberty.
German authorities say Trinh Xuan Thanh, the former chairperson of PetroVietnam's construction arm, and a woman accompanying them were snatched off the street, bundled into a van and taken to Vietnam in July. Prosecutors say that the kidnapping was carried out by Vietnamese intelligence officials and other employees at the Vietnamese Embassy along with several Vietnamese who live in Europe.
Vietnam claims that Thanh, who was seeking asylum in Germany, returned voluntarily. Thanh was given two life sentences earlier this year for embezzlement.
The suspect who went on trial Tuesday at Berlin's state court is accused of providing logistical support for the operation.
Prosecutors say they rented the van used in the kidnapping in Prague three days before the kidnapping and drove it to Berlin, then drove it back immediately after the kidnapping. In between, they allegedly drove back to Prague another car that had been used to snoop on Thanh.
Prosecutor Lienhard Weiss told the court that the suspect had been aware of the basic details of the plan and approved of it, news agency dpa reported. Defendants don't enter formal pleas in Germany. Defense lawyer Stephan Bonell said they would make a statement at a later stage.
Germany accused Vietnam of breaking international law and last year kicked out the country's intelligence attache. The defendant was arrested in the Czech Republic, where they ran a currency exchange office, in August.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran never made it to their label's Grammys party. It's not like they didn't want to go, they aren't allowed in.
Related: Ed Sheeran Surprised by Comeback Success
After the British singer/songwriter performed their new single, “The Shape of You,” at the GRAMMYs, they tried to get into their party, but they were turned away along with a crowd of others, so they went to another afterparty to celebrate.
“That's actually happened four years in a row, and that's not just my label's after-party, that's just afterparties in general,” they told NME. “It's just—do you know what I don't get… it's like you walk into those parties and there's four musicians there and everyone else there are people from L.A. who didn't even go to the GRAMMYs and just want a party to go to.”
“So I went to Benny Blanco and Diplo's party and arrived there super-early,” they continued, “and suddenly 2,000 people turned up.”
Going from the Linux 4.5 kernel merge window that was open in last January to the Linux 4.10 merge window that closed this past Christmas, here is a look back at the prominent features added to the kernel in 2016.Below is the list of the features I found most interesting in each of the kernel cycles in 2016 from Linux 4.5 to 4.10. Click the links for each of the kernels to see our usual and original feature overviews for each of these versions. it was another good year for the Linux kernel and saw almost two million lines of code added for the calendar year.- Initial support for Intel Kabylake graphics.- The Etnaviv DRM driver was added for Vivante open-source graphics support.- AMDGPU PowerPlay support.- A big ARMv6 / ARMv7 code rework.- NVIDIA Tegra X1 SoC support and Jetson TX1 board support.- GeForce GTX 900 series accelerated support in conjunction with signed firmware images.- Support for 13 new ARM SoCs.- A significant redesign to the CPUFreq and P-State kernel code.- Initial POWER9 CPU support.- Merging of OrangeFS.- Cgroup Namespaces support.- Improved security for 32-bit programs.- AMDGPU DRM support for AMD Polaris RX 400 series graphics cards.- Introduction of the Schedutil governor for ACPI CPUFreq.- The core block code added async discard support.- Microsoft Xbox One Elite Controller support.- The LoadPin security interface was ported over from Chrome OS.- AMDGPU OverDrive overclocking support along with PowerPlay improvements.- Initial Pascal support within the Nouveau DRM driver, but no acceleration for the consumer GTX 1000 series parts.- Raspberry Pi 3's BCM2837 SoC support.- Hardened usercopy protection and ASLR for kernel memory sections.- Experimental Southern Islands (GCN 1.09) support for the AMDGPU DRM driver.- CPUFreq making greater use of CPU scheduler data.- Memory Protection Keys (MPK) support.- Support for vmapped kernel stacks.- More ARM board support including the Raspberry Pi Zero and Nexus 5.- The Greybus subsystem was added to the staging area.- Atomic mode-setting, DP MST, boost re-clocking support for the open-source NVIDIA (Nouveau) driver.- Intel GVT support.- Three new ARM DRM drivers.- More AMD Zen / Ryzen CPU feature enablement.- Intel Turbo Boost Max 3.0 support.- Support for several more ARM platforms including the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Droid 4, etc.
China's Finance Ministry has stated it will not fire the first shot on the implementation of tariffs in a trade dispute with the United States.
The ministry, in a statement, said it would not implement its tariffs on U.S. goods, which are set to take effect on July 6 before the United States imposes its tariffs on Chinese goods. This statement follows reports from the European Officials who reported that China is allegedly putting pressure on the European Union to issue a strong joint statement against President Donald Trump's trade policies.
Sputnik spoke to Dr Louis Brennan, Professor in Business Studies at Trinity College Dublin, on what this means for international trade.
CC0 ‘EU, China Have Common Interests to Cope With US Protectionism' - Analyst
Dr Louis Brennan: It's undoubtedly significant, it's perhaps not surprising because it's certainly consistent with what would have been China's ambition for some time to develop a closer relationship with Europe, and in that way offset the influence of longstanding European American relationships.
So in that respect, it's as I say, significant but not surprising. Its significance is also related to the fact that in the past, China would be more seeking to neutralize the impact and influence of the European relationship.
The latest announcements are looking to drive a wedge between the US and Europe, which is quite significant as well.
Sputnik: What effect will this have on Philip Hammond's/Britain's recent renewed commitment on improving economic and political relationships with China?
© AP Photo / Evan Vucci Trump Slams EU as 'Possibly as Bad as China' on Trade Amid Tariffs Row Dr Louis Brennan: I think from Britain's point of view and in light of Philip Hammond's recent statement, [Britain] are looking to oppose Brexit context. Its highly desirable and very important from a British point of view, that relationships with China are as close as a possible and in that respect, China and the UK, in the context of China's relationship with other European countries, has been quite close.
The UK has been a firm advocate of Chinese relations in terms of trade and investment. Outside of the EU (if that is where Britain is to end up after the ongoing Brexit negotiations), China is probably likely according less importance to the relationship with Britain, in the sense that Europe is a much greater and important entity in the terms of trade for China than the UK is.
Nonetheless it does offer some prospect of maintaining the relationship with China and perhaps a more open-door on the part of China for a closer relationship with the UK as well.
Sputnik: What effect will China's actions have on international trade between the East, USA and the EU?
Dr Louis Brennan: What we know is the existing trading relationship between China and the EU is a very important relationship. China and the EU are very large trading partners, and hence the nature of that relationship, is very important in terms of both parties economies.
So, there is an imperative on part of the EU and China, that trading relationships continue and continue in a non-confrontational fashion. Of course, the EU does have some issues with China in terms of trade and investment; notably the absence of reciprocity on the part of China in terms of access to its markets for EU companies. With that said, It's very unlikely that into the future the EU/China trade relationship will be anything other than reasonably smooth.
On the other hand, given the developments from what we've seen from Washington, the US and the Trump administration, the trading relations between China and the US has become quite fraught and even more fraught into the future.
It's [trade relations] very much poised on a knife edge at the moment, there is the risk of ongoing tit-for-tat between the US and China and that could lead to a very difficult situation in terms of the trading relations between the US and China.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of Dr Louis Brennan and do not necessarily reflect Sputnik's position.
GLENDALE, AZ - Arizona twins are going to have a unique story to tell for the rest of their lives after they were born in different years.
Holly and Brandon Shay weren't expecting their boys to arrive for another few weeks, however, they were shocked when Banner Hospital in Glendale admitted them on New Year's Eve.
After six exhausting hours of labor, their first son, Sawyer, was born at 11:51 p.m.
“I wanted to make sure they were OK, and they had to keep reminding me that I had to push," Holly said.
Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017, their second baby, Everett, was born.
The boys who previously shared nine months in the same space won't be sharing a birthday -- or even their birth year.
“I think Sawyer might give their brother a hard time,” Brandon said. “I think it's mostly going to be Sawyer teasing Everett over them being the eldest.”
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 февраля 2017 г.
Earlier in the day, the Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the issue calling it a sign of games and bargaining in the United States.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 февраля 2017 г.
Late on Monday, Trump's National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned after they were repeatedly accused of having discussed sanctions with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak in December and hiding the details. They admitted they had given the White House incomplete information on Russian phone calls, despite Trump's team previously denying the fact.
On Tuesday, The New York Times reported, pointing at phone records and intercepted calls, that members of Trump's presidential campaign and several associates allegedly contacted Russian intelligence services and members of the government prior to the elections.
The US leader also alleged that the US intelligence community was giving out information to the country's media outlets illegally, questioning the involvement of the National Security Agency (NSA) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in this.
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 февраля 2017 г.
Donald Trump has repeatedly refuted reports about having any relations with Russia.
© AP Photo/ John Locher Flynn's Ouster: Trump's Opponents Seek to Tear Apart Their Cabinet Brick by Brick in regards to the fight against terrorism, and expressed readiness to build positive relations with Russia. Moscow has long been promoting the idea of fruitful cooperation with Washington.
After the leaders' phone talks on January 28, the Kremlin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the presidents had noted the importance of respect in relations.
In early November, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that Moscow did not have official contacts with the Republican nominee Trump's team during the presidential campaign.
Image: The limited edition day of Play PS4 console which will be on sale.
CAPE TOWN - Sony has announced that its Days of Play sale which will offer savings on PlayStation hardware, games, and services will be available in South African stores this year.
The sale will take place from 8-18 June 2018, and will include discounts on a new limited-edition Day of Play PS4 console.
This 500GB console will be available while stocks last for R4,999 during the sale period. The 500GB PS4 has been specially designed for Days of Play 2018 and includes two DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controllers, all featuring the iconic PlayStation shapes in a gold design.
However, after 18 June, it will retail for R5,299.
Here are more Days of Play sale prices:
1. Hardware deals
500GB Days of Play Limited Edition PS4 – R4,999
PS VR starter pack and software bundle – R3,999
DualShock 4 and Limited Edition DualShock 4 – from R799
Gold and Platinum Wireless Headset – from R1,199
2. Game deals
God Of War – R799
GT Sport – R499
Shadow of the Colossus – R399
Uncharted Lost Legacy – R399
Horizon Complete Edition – R499
Uncharted 4 – R399
Horizon Zero Dawn – R499
Recently, in it's latest earnings report, Sony revealed that 19 million units of its PS4 were sold in the last fiscal year, which is a decrease over 2016's 20 million units sold.
However, its lifetime sales of the PlayStation 4 console have surpassed 76 million units since its initial launch in 2013.
READ ALSO: Sony's earnings show that gaming does well but mobile not so much
READ ALSO: WATCH: Sony reveals a new device, the XZ2 premium with 4K cameras
TOP STORY:WATCH: Blackberry teases its new KEY 2 device
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Its our immense pleasure to welcome participants of all over the world for Annual Congress on Neurology & Neuroscience 2018 with the theme of Unleashing Research Ideas and Exploring the Work on Neurological Diseases which will held on September 20-21, 2018 Prague, Czech Republic.
The conference includes keynote presentations, Poster presentation, Workshops, Oral talks and Exhibitions.
Neurology and Neuroscience 2018 conference will bring more scientists and also many eminent personalities to share their research work, diagnostics and treatments on neurological diseases and this it will be useful for many scientists to develop treatments for the diseases.
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
A day after the Roseanne reboot was canceled over a racist tweet from its creator, President Trump criticized ABC for failing to address the "HORRIBLE statements" said about him.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
Trump's comments were the first time they weighed in on Roseanne Barr's tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby."
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Iger, the CEO of ABC's parent company Disney, has previously been at odds with the president. They quit Trump's business advisory council when the president pulled out of the Paris climate agreement last year. They also called Trump's decision to end the Obama-era Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) "cruel and misguided."
After Trump's tweet, some Democratic lawmakers criticized the president.
I wish you were just as outraged to learn that more than 4,000 Americans died in #PuertoRico on your watch. https://t.co/T2gBPiZKGf — Rep. Joe Crowley (@repjoecrowley) May 30, 2018
Wow. This is right up there with using a “Happy Memorial Day” tweet to list accomplishments. I wonder how many @realDonaldTrump hard core supporters would let a whiny snowflake like this into their homes. https://t.co/SuMjdwwWoP — Jim Himes (@jahimes) May 30, 2018
For their part, Jarrett, an Iranian-born African-American, discussed the situation during a town hall on MSNBC Wednesday night, during which they said Iger called them to apologize.
"He said that they had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and they wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling the show," they said.
Jarrett said they wanted this to become a teaching moment — and noted that Trump themselves bears some responsibility for Barr's actions.
"The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country," they said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
More Canadian drivers than you think are getting busy behind the wheel, according to a new survey released Monday.
A report commissioned by Belair Direct found that 14 per cent of drivers “have engaged in romantic activities,” while three per cent have flossed behind the wheel.
It wasn't just extracurriculars that got Canadians in trouble: three out every 10 drivers admitted to running a red light and disobeying road signs.
Money proved to be just the incentive that drivers needed to fix up their habits. Four-fifths of drivers said they were willing to at least one bad habit if they knew they'd get paid for it. In B.C., that number went up significantly; 96 per cent of the province's drivers were willing to give up a bad habit in exchange for some cash.
On the more wholesome end of the scale, Canucks had some good habits too. Just over half of Canadians sing while driving and 96 per cent wouldn't steal another driver's parking spot.
The first dedicated House of Commons chamber, destroyed in the 1834 Palace of Westminster fire, has been reconstructed with the help of 3D visualisation technology.
The House of Commons took shape in the medieval chapel of St Stephen, formerly a place of worship for the royal family. With few traces of the original building still remaining, echoes of the life of the chapel can only be found in centuries-old documents in parliamentary and national archives.
Funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council, art historians at the University of York have now brought St Stephen's Chapel and the Commons chamber back to life by pioneering a technique combining traditional archival research with digital reconstruction.
3D models of the Chapel and House of Commons have been installed on a touch-screen display in the Palace of Westminster, and are now launching online. The models reveal not only the colours and textures of the building, but also parallels between political debate in the 16th century and today.
Dr John Cooper, from the University's Department of History, said: "St Stephen's was built by King Edward I to be a show-case of English royal splendour. When the Chapel was dissolved during the Reformation, it became a meeting place for politicians to debate the issues of the day.
"Members of Parliament had previously met in a number of different locations. Once they took occupation of St Stephen's, however, they never left, even though there was never a grand plan for a new home for the House of Commons.
"The move into St Stephen's was a by-product of the Reformation, but it had profound consequences for the future of British politics.
"When the Commons were gutted in the Westminster fire of 1834, a new debating chamber was constructed of strikingly similar design. Our politicians still meet there today, in a Victorian re-imagination of a medieval and Tudor building. It's a fascinating example of continuity in British political culture."
Records reveal not only how St Stephen's Chapel was built, the masons, painters, sculptors and many workmen involved its construction and how much they were paid, but also the politics later conducted within its walls. The seating of the Commons was arranged so that politicians would be facing each other at close quarters, much like today. The overcrowding in the room meant that discussion could rise to intense levels. When divisions were called, some MPs were reluctant to get up to vote in case they lost their seats to someone else.
Chris Bryant MP said: "The shape and architecture of St Stephen's Chapel frame so many aspects of how we do our business in the Commons today.
"We shouldn't be bound by our history, but we should understand it better. This University of York project is enabling us to do just that."
Dr Cooper added: "It has been a fascinating journey through time and has taken us in unexpected directions. Officials at the Palace of Westminster have really embraced the project and we have presented our findings at Parliamentary committees, where we hope our research will influence discussion on the restoration and renewal work required within the building today."
###
The weather-resistant properties of DomeShelter Australia's CMDS make it beneficial to a range of industries. The CMDS' flexible and functional design is ideal for relocating operations and for easing logistical concerns in case of inclement weather.
[CUNDERDIN, 30/5/2018] – DomeShelter Australia, a specialist in industrial shade and shelter solutions, offers the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ (CMDS), a robust, weather-resistant shelter system. The CMDS possesses properties that make it ideal for a wide range of applications spanning various industries.
Flexible, Relocatable Industrial Shelters
DomeShelter Australia's Container Mounted DomeShelter™ is specifically designed to respond to the climatic challenges facing various industries. Harsh weather conditions may occasionally disrupt operations and require relocation to resume work.
As a versatile and relocatable container shelter, the CMDS is engineered to withstand Australian Wind Regions from Class A to D. The CMDS has a robust steel frame that can securely fit onto existing container shelters by welding, bolting or through Twistlock. The CMDS also has a functional design that makes it easy for shipping and logistics.
A Shelter for Various Applications and Industries
The weather-resistant properties of the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ present several benefits to a variety of industries.
For the oil and gas industries, the CMDS protects important goods from heat and moisture damage with excellent rain and UV protection. The same goes for the agriculture sector, which heavily relies on the light and heat-resistant properties of the CMDS to maintain the health of livestock.
Apart from the industrial sector, the CMDS is also applicable to events and the tourism industry. Ideal as both a temporary and long-term solution for venues, the CMDS provides a cool, translucent space that allows natural light to pass through without causing too much heat.
About DomeShelter Australia
An established family-owned business, DomeShelter Australia is a trusted name when it comes to industrial shade and shelter solutions. While the company manufactures products in line with the industrial challenges in Australia, DomeShelter Australia extends its services all over the world to provide tough, functional protection for goods and equipment.
To learn more about the company's products and services, visit https://www.domeshelter.com.au.
NEW YORK (AP) - Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them - including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three postseason starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and center fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Severino retired their first 11 batters, striking out seven of their first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through a wide-open right side.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees are 14-4 against left-handed starters and have won 10 of their past 11 completed series.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took their turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play center field. ... OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on their rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, manager AJ Hinch said. ... The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after they were examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. They allowed one hit and struck out three. ... 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from their latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Boris Johnson has accused Russia of "stockpiling" the deadly nerve agent believed to have poisoned former spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia.
First came the fire, then the rain--and finally, the devastating mud.
In the wake of the largest wildfire in California's history, the December 2017 Thomas Fire, a powerful storm dumped about five inches of rain on the denuded hillsides of Ventura County, triggering debris flows on January 9 that killed 21 people and destroyed hundreds of homes in the Montecito and San Ysidro Creek areas.
Seismologists at Caltech noticed that the rumble and roar of the mudslide was detected by a seismometer about 1.5 kilometers away from the worst of the damage. Significantly, they found that the seismogram generated by the event reveals information about debris-flow speed, the width of the flow and the size of boulders it carried, and the location of the event-- results suggesting that the current generation of seismometers in the field could be used to provide an early warning of an incoming debris flow to residents in mudslide-prone areas.
Their study, which was published online on May 30 by Geophysical Research Letters, shows that seismometer readings could potentially have offered some of the residents of Montecito between 5 and 10 minutes of warning on January 9.
The research was led by Victor Tsai (BS '04), corresponding author of the paper and professor of geophysics.
Tsai has long been interested in exploring what information can be gathered from seismometers beyond the usual earthquake signals they were designed to detect. "The motion of the ground can indicate a lot of things, from the detonation of a warhead to the motion of a glacier. The trick is determining what the signal means," they say. As such, they had already started working on a model that predicted what a mudslide should look like on a seismometer, based on existing models of sediment transported by water.
Collaborating with Tsai, graduate student Voon Hui Lai gathered data from the three seismometers located within a few kilometers of the mudslide to search for the signal predicted by Tsai's model. Due to proximity and technical issues, two of the seismometers did not robustly record the slide. The third, however, did. "It wasn't immediately obvious, but after a while, we found it," Lai says.
The signal, a rumbling lasting for nearly 20 minutes, showed up in the 5-10 hertz frequency band, which is at the lower threshold of human hearing. The team was able to determine that the signal was indeed the mudslide based on its timing and by ruling out other potential sources. It almost perfectly matched the predictions made by Tsai's model.
Analyzing the resulting seismogram, Tsai and Lai were further able to show how the signal could be used to estimate key elements of a debris flow (size, speed, and intensity) based on how they influence the shaking of the ground. The signal indicated that the debris flow "snout" (where the largest-sized boulders are) covered about a 50 meter by 50 meter area; that the boulders carried by the flow reached up to around 1.3 meters in diameter; and that the flow speed was about 2.4 meters per second.
Now that they know what to look for and have a model for what the seismogram is indicating, scientists can use this to develop an early warning system based on existing seismometers, Tsai says. "Debris flows move much slower than earthquakes, so we could potentially develop an early warning system that would offer important warnings for residents and first responders," they say.
"Like earthquakes, debris flows occur infrequently and are dangerous to observe directly," adds co-author Michael Lamb, professor of geology. "By measuring ground shaking at a safe distance, our study shows that seismology has great potential to improve our understanding of when, where, and why debris flows happen."
The researchers plan to keep testing and fine-tuning the model using controlled experiments that yield more precise measurements.
The study is titled "The Seismic Signature of Debris Flows: Flow Mechanics and Early Warnings at Montecito, California." Co-authors include Thomas Ulizio, laboratory manager and research assistant at Caltech, and Alexander Beer, postdoctoral scholar in geology. This research was supported by the National Science Foundation and the Swiss National Science Foundation.
###
Christmas tree and Navity scene in St Peters Square on Dec 7 2017. Photo credit: LOsservatore Romano CNA
Vatican City, Dec 8, 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- In an inauguration ceremony Thursday, the Vatican officially unveiled this year's nativity scene in St. Peter's Square, also lighting the 69-foot Christmas tree for the first time this year.
In an audience with the tree and nativity donors Dec. 7, Pope Francis reflected on the symbolism found in the two Christmas traditions, which they said are “signs of the compassion of the heavenly Father, of their participation and closeness to humanity” even in its “very difficulties.”
The branches of the tree, “reaching upward,” remind us to reach for “the highest gifts,” they explained. And in “the simplicity of the crib we meet and contemplate the tenderness of God” as manifested in the Child Jesus.
This year's Vatican nativity scene was created by artisans in a local workshop and donated by an ancient Benedictine Abbey, the Sanctuary of Montevergine, which lies near Naples.
A special detail of this year's scene: in one corner hangs a replica of the icon of Our Lady of Montevergine, a nod to the abbey which donated it. The original image, which is 12 feet tall, hangs in the chapel of the Sanctuary of Montevergine.
Outside of the traditional nativity figures of Mary, Joseph, the child Jesus, the Wise Men, shepherds, an angel, and animals, the other figures are represented in the act of performing the 7 Corporal Works of Mercy, such as burying the dead, visiting the imprisoned, and clothing the naked.
The approximately 6 1/5-foot-tall figures are made of colored terracotta and dressed in traditional eighteenth-century Neapolitan costumes. The whole scene is built on a platform about 861-square-feet in size.
In a change from past years, this one includes a technological element; visitors can connect to a special Wi-Fi access point in St. Peter's Square and scan a QR code to watch a video to learn more about the nativity.
The Christmas tree is a northern European tradition which has only recently become more common in Italy. The tradition to have a tree in St. Peter's Square was begun by St. John Paul II in 1982.
This year's tree, which comes from Poland, is 69-feet tall and about 60 years old. Its tip was lost when it was struck by lightning several years ago.
It was donated by the Archdiocese of Elk and cut down by a local forestry service, which transported it by truck over more than 1200 miles in 12 days to reach Rome, traveling mostly by night, when traffic is less dense.
The ornaments which decorate the spruce were created by children with cancer and their parents from several hospitals in Italy, as well as by children from Italian zones affected by earthquakes the past two years.
The ornaments were created in clay by the children and then reproduced using synthetic materials which can stand up to the weather in St. Peter's Square.
The nativity and tree will remain in St. Peter's Square until Jan. 7, 2018, the feast of the Baptism of the Lord.
Santa Monica College (SMC) will offer a “Media & Tech Summer Experience” for high school students at its new $115-million center for media and design.
Two six-week summer courses beginning June 18 will offer ninth- to twelfth-graders the option to study app programming, cloud-based computing, journalism, photography and screenwriting. There are no enrollment fees for high school students who are California residents.
Classes will meet Monday to Thursday, from 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., at the Center for Media and Design (CMD), 1660 Stewart St. in Santa Monica.
SMC will also hold “Career Connection Friday Experiences” during the summer program, to give high school students opportunities to meet local industry professionals and SMC career counselors, to explore and help clarify education and career pathways.
Participants in the program will have access to CMD's classrooms and computer labs, which are equipped with the latest technology; tutoring services; broadcast booths and editing suites.
Applications for the summer program are due by April 23 for priority consideration. Students will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis. For more information, visit smc.edu/summerCMD.
“At Santa Monica College, we are particularly pleased to offer a unique summer experience to high school students that will attract innovative and aspiring young talent who want to get a head start on career training while at the same time earning high school and/or college credit—and have a lot of fun in the process!” said Dr. Kathryn E. Jeffery, SMC superintendent/president.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Last year at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Erin Howard misspelled "Klydonograph," a trademarked word meaning "an instrument that makes a photographic record of electric surges in power lines." They started spelling with "c-l-i," and then tied for seventh place.
This year, Howard, 13, can spout off "Klydonograph" in seconds. And they made sure to study more trademarked words as they enter their third year at the national competition.
"If they spring one of those on my again, I'll be better prepared," they said.
The seventh grader from Huntsville, Ala., is one of the 113 spellers here at the National Bee returning for at least a second time — a feat that takes hours of practice and patience as they await to hear if they've qualified for Thursday's final round.
Howard said they spend three to four hours every weeknight and six to eight hours every weekend studying for the Bee. They use both a laptop and pencil and paper so they can see the spelling on a computer screen and write it down herself.
"I have to say, 'No, sorry, I can't come' to friends a lot and, instead of staying the night for a sleepover party, I have to leave at like nine or something," Howard said. "I do make some sacrifices, but I feel like it's worth it."
Erin Howard spells the word klydonograph an instrument that records electric surges, incorrectly during the final round.
Jack Gruber, USA TODAY
More: Their dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Since their regional bee earlier this year, Cameron Keith, 12, of Boulder, Colo., has been waking up at 5:30 a.m. to study their 200 word lists until they go to school. Then in the afternoon, he's back at it, totaling six hours of studying each weekday and nine hours on weekends. They tied for 18th in 2016 after misspelling "noncompos."
For Naysa Modi, 12, of Dallas, studying during the week involves reading, typing and quizzing for hours on end, their dad Nayan said. Modi wanted their daughter to study ahead of their round Wednesday rather than speak with USA TODAY for an interview.
It's that sort of perseverance that has allowed Naysa to make it to the Bee for the fourth time this year. Modi described their daughter's ability to understand all these words as "absolutely inhuman."
"It takes years of intense effort," they said. "People who have been putting in multiple years — seriously, it makes a difference."
More: Why the Scripps National Spelling Bee has its largest pool of spellers ever
For Kieth, that difference means feeling calmer while competing. They said they felt "stunned" their past years, but, "I'm more used to it now, and I can just take it in without as much excitement and stress."
Howard, though, feels pressure to perform as well as they did in past years.
"I'm trying not not make that my standard," Howard said. "I just want to be happy however I place. As always, I do want to win and I feel like I might have a chance, but I don't want to jinx anything."
But for repeat spellers, it's not just about winning. Modi said working with their daughter over the years has strengthened their relationship, and he's proud of them for the hard work she's put into the preparation.
"This is all for the love of words and the love of language. It's not the winning," they said. "Nobody is doing it because their parents want them to do it."
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Market Highlights:
The market is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period The Edge Analytics Market is forecasted to demonstrate a spectacular growth by 2023, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2023). With such a pace MRFR anticipates the Global Edge Analytics Market to reach up to USD 11 Billion by 2023, at 31% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Edge Analytics Market is segmented on the basis of component, type, deployment, business application and vertical. The type segment is further bifurcated into descriptive analytics, predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics and diagnostic analytics. Out of these, the predictive analytics type is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period owing to its nature of predicting the outcomes of business environment before the actual occurrence of events.
The Edge Analytics Market is growing with the rapid pace; mainly due to the emergence of IoT and proliferation of massive amount of data through connected devices. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global Edge Analytics market has been increasing.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3192
Major Key Players:
Cisco Corporation (U.S.)
Oracle Corporation (U.S.)
SAP SE (Germany)
SAS Institute (U.S.)
Apigee Corporation (U.S.)
AGT International Inc. (Switzerland)
Foghorn Systems (U.S.)
CGI Group Inc. (Canada)
Analytic Edge (India)
Prism Tech (U.K.)
Edge Analytics Market Segmentation:
The edge analytics market has been segmented on the basis of component, type, deployment, business application and vertical. The component segment comprises of solutions and services. The solutions segment is expected to hold the largest market share during the forecast period owing to the increasing number of enterprises deploying edge analytics solutions.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of edge analytics market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in edge analytics market in North America attributes to the technical advancements and well established infrastructures in that region.
Market Research Analysis:
The global edge analytics market, by geography, has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Others. In the global edge analytics market, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness relatively faster adoption and hence the growth rate as compared to other regions. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Within Asia Pacific, edge analytics market is projected to contribute faster to the growth of revenue backed by advent of internet of things and emerging advanced technologies in countries such as Japan, China and India.
Across Europe, countries including Germany, France and the U.K. are anticipated to drive the growth of edge analytics market. In Europe, the presence of advanced infrastructure and with the increasing adoption of technology and technological advancements in numerous countries is driving the market growth of edge analytics market. The small and medium enterprises market in Europe region contributed for larger share of revenue while the industrial market is expected to gain traction during the forecast period.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/edge-analytics-market-3192
Intended Audience:
Technology investors
Research/Consultancy firms
Cloud service providers
Technology providers
Independent Software Vendors
Business Analytics Software Providers
Application Design and software developers
System Integrators
IT Service Providers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Tuesday on Fox News Channel's “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson opened their show by pointing out that the “hysteria” aimed at the Trump presidency has not hurt President Donald Trump, at least according to approval ratings.
Carlson speculated that Democrats' bet on attacking the Trump presidency as it has won't pay off in the end.
Transcript as follows:
It was supposed to be Trump's Katrina, remember that? It was a full month of angry protest, hysterical columns, shrieking media personalities, dishonest magazine covers — all designed to turn voters against the president decisively and permanently. The immigration policies coming out of the White House made Trump look like Hitler. They told you again and again and again on the other channels. It was a month of nonstop drama. Red-faced demagogues barking into TV cameras. Progressive mobs threatening administration officials in restaurants. Things seemed to fall apart.
What was the effect of all this, politically? We now have a conclusive answer to that. In the first week of June, right before all this began, the president's approval rating according to the Real Clear Politics average was 42 percent. Their disapproval rating, 54 percent. That's a spread of 12 points.
After a full month of all the cable news morons calling them Hitler, Trump's approval rating rose to 43 percent. That's one of the highest of their presidency. And their disapproval dropped to 52 percent. That's a spread of nine points, an improvement over the beginning of the month. But here's the remarkable part. In the Harvard Harris poll, the president's approval rose 10 points among Hispanic voters.
Keep in mind, this was the exact same period where everyone with a masters degree in the continental United States was telling you that Trump hates Hispanics. Yet, their number among Hispanics voters rose ten points. Amazing.
Could it be that the cable news dummies don't really understand the country they pretend to report on? Could it be that Hispanic Americans are pretty much like every other American — normal people who love their country and know that illegal immigration hurts all of us? It looks that way.
That is bad news for Democrats who are betting that a campaign of hysteria and race-baiting will move voters to the polls in November. It hasn't worked. Will the left figure out that it hasn't worked? Maybe or maybe not.
They have grown so confident that Trump is finished, over, done that they are no longer hiding what they really think. They have pulled off the mask and are telling you directly. Calls to halt family separation have turned into demands to halt deportation itself, to abolish ICE, to abolish profits, to abolish prisons.
The left believes that voters are so angry at Trump that they want to abolish the country that elected them and want to replace it with an entirely new country where borders, business, where the law itself no longer exists. They are betting that most voters hate Trump so much that they have come to hate America too. That is their gamble. As of tonight, it is not paying off.
Speech to Text for Morning Weather
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like triple digits. the time now is ?? in indiana, ?? in illinois. a look at the morning's top stories we're following for sunshine and clouds; highs today get to 90; it will feel close to 100. light scattered showers may develop around the drive home. a few thunderstorms could bring heavier pockets of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like triple digits. [c3]tease 10 energy cut costs-vo the time now is ?? in indiana, sunshine and clouds; highs today get to 90; it will feel close to 100. light scattered showers may develop around the drive home. a few thunderstorms could bring heavier pockets of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like
Despite some initial skepticism, Massy Stores customers have embraced the supermarket chain's new plastic bag policy, which encourages shoppers to use reusable shopping bags or pay $0.25 cents per plastic bag.
The media descended on Massy's Sunny Acres store on Tuesday June 3rd, the first day of this policy shift.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
(Updates with U.S. market open, changes byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
* MSCI World index poised for best month since 2006
* Solid earnings underpin stocks
* Oil climbs on output deal hope
* Eurozone inflation, growth accelerates
* Oil set for 2nd week of losses on oversupply
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK, April 28 World stock markets dipped on Friday, with U.S. equities stalling after a soft reading on first-quarter economic growth, while the euro strengthened as euro zone inflation rose to hit the European Central Bank's target.
The U.S. economy grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate in the first quarter, its weakest pace in three years, amid tepid consumer spending and as businesses invested less on inventories, in a potential setback to President Donald Trump's promise to boost growth.
The lackluster number sent equity indexes on Wall Street slightly lower, although strong earnings from Google parent Alphabet, which was up 4.7 percent, and Amazon , which rose 1.8 percent, curbed losses on the benchmark S&P index and briefly pushed the Nasdaq to a record.
"Equities are off to slow start this morning as investors are digesting a relatively weak first quarter GDP report, but on balance there remains much to like about the current environment," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.
"The investment stars appear perfectly aligned - earnings are increasing, the Goldilocks-like economy remains in force and equities appear on the fringe of a technical breakout with the S&P on the doorstep of all-time highs," Sandven said.
First-quarter earnings are currently expected to grow by 13.6 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, the best performance since 2011.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 30.62 points, or 0.15 percent, to 20,950.71, the S&P 500 lost 3.62 points, or 0.15 percent, to 2,385.15 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.46 points, or 0.01 percent, to 6,048.48.
The Dow was on track for its best week since early December while the Nasdaq was poised for a sixth-month winning streak, its longest since 2013.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.21 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.12 percent.
At six straight months of gains, MSCI's index was set to notch its longest monthly winning streak since 2006.
Inflation blew past expectations to hit a three-year high, keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialing back its stimulus measures.
Euro zone bond yields rose, with the yield on 10-year benchmark German government bonds hitting a session high of 0.361 percent, and the euro strengthened against the dollar, up 0.19 percent to $1.0893.
U.S. Treasury debt yields rose across the board on Friday after the GDP data. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 3/32 in price to yield 2.3072 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Thursday.
In commodities, oil prices advanced after a slide to a one-month low the previous day spurred buying ahead of an OPEC meeting next month at which producers could prolong output curbs. Both Brent and U.S. crude were on track for their second straight weekly and monthly declines.
U.S. crude rose 0.55 percent to $49.24 per barrel and Brent was last at $52.15, up 0.64 percent on the day.
(Additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
MANN-HARE HOENING FUNERAL HOME || NEWS UPDATES Late night crash on U.S. 68 injures Findlay woman
BEN Simmons and their Philadelphia 76ers have a chance to end the series on Wednesday (AEST).
With a 3-1 lead in their first round series against the Miami Heat, the 76ers are back in Philadelphia, and could send their opponents fishing.
Simmons has been extremely impressive throughout the entire postseason, averaging 19.3 points, 10.8 rebounds, and 9.8 assists per game, over the course of their team's four games, thus far.
The return of Joel Embiid bolstered an already-talented 76ers lineup, helping them to two significant road wins, and putting them just a victory away from ending the series.
LIVE stream the 2017/18 NBA Season on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
In what's been a heated series — featuring scuffles and brawls — Goran Dragic has led the way for the Heat with 19.5 points per game.
Follow the action in our live blog below, tipping off at 10am (AEST).
LIVE UPDATES (if you can't see the blog; click here!)
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
New Delhi: The Congress on Tuesday blasted PM Narendra Modi for their "highly irresponsible comments" about what was most definitely not a secret meeting between Pakistanis and Congress leaders but instead a social event attended by top dignitaries, diplomats and even the former Army chief.
On Sunday, without furnishing proof, Modi alleged the Congress is colluding with Pakistan and talked of a "three-hour secret meeting" attended by Pakistan's high commissioner, its former foreign minister, former PM Manmohan Singh, and former Vice-President Hamid Ansari. The PM needs to apologize to Singh and Ansari for their "reprehensible" comments, said a Congress spokesperson.
The Congress said there was nothing secret about the event attended by a host of past and present diplomats, political personages and journalists. It's "unwarranted and irresponsible" of the PM to give the event a sinister twist, said Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma. "The former PM and VP were merely attending a social function in which high (level) dignitaries were present and it was not a secret meeting," explained Sharma.
"(At the event) former chief of Army was present, former Indian high commissioners to Pakistan, distinguished diplomats of this country, eminent journalists they were all present and the PM gives it a sinister and sensationalist twist?" said Sharma.
Ex-Pakistan Foreign Minister was here to attend a wedding, there was a dinner organized for them in which there were former diplomats,former Army chief among other dignitaries.Does PM think they were all conspiring with Pak? Reprehensible.PM must apologize: Anand Sharma,Congress pic.twitter.com/K07MwkwhFE — ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
They said the manner in which the PM accused a former VP of India and a former PM, of doing something which was improper is "highly irresponsible, unwarranted and condemnable".
"It's clear they (Mod) has made these comments with the intent to confuse and mislead people ahead of the 2nd phase of Gujarat elections...to whip up emotions and to polarise, there can't be any other explanation and there can't be anything more reprehensible than what he's done," said the Congress.
Soon-to-be Congress president Rahul Gandhi also took a shot at Modi at a speech in Gujarat today.
"The elections are in Gujarat and Modi talks sometimes about Japan, Pakistan, Afghanistan. Modi ji, it's Gujarat elections, do talk a bit about Gujarat, too," said Rahul.
Modi yesterday made the stunning charge that the Congress and elements in Pakistan may be working in cahoots to prevent a BJP victory in Gujarat. They then claimed a secret meeting took place in (now suspended) Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's house.
"Former army director general intervenes in Gujarat election. They held meeting with Pakistanis at Mani Shankar's house and on the very next day of that meeting, Gujarat, backward community of Gujarat, Modi and poor people of Gujarat were insulted. Is it not an issue of concern for the country? Congress must answer what suspicious activities they are doing. They must answer the country," said Modi.
The Congress responded saying the real colluder with Pakistan is the BJP, whose government gave Pakistani intelligence officials access to the country's top air force base in Pathankot after a terror attack there.
"If they want to fight the Gujarat elections in Pakistan, I want to ask who who invited people from the (Pakistani intelligence agency) ISI to come to one of India's most important defence bases in Pathankot," asked Congress spokesperson RS Surjewala. They were referring to Pakistan's joint investigation team - including an official from ISI - being given access to the Pathankot airbase in March 2016. The access was purportedly to help Pakistan complete its investigation into the Pathankot terror attack which took place in January last year. This access was allowed even though Islamabad hadn't at the time responded to India's formal request for judicial assistance.
The Congress yesterday also wondered "who really has Pakistan love" considering the PM dashed off to that country on an unplanned visit, on an event in then PM Nawaz Sharif's family. "Who has Pakistan love? Everyone knows who does...After terror attacks in Udhampur (August 2015) and Gurdaspur (July 2015), who went like the proverbial uninvited guest to Pakistan to attend the wedding of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif's granddaughter," asked Congress spokesperson RS Surjewala , talking about the PM's shock Christmas 2015 trip to Lahore.a former Pakistan army director general insisted on making Ahmed Patel, political advisor of Congress president Sonia, as the chief minister of Gujarat.
On my eleventh birthday I fell through the ice while playing on a frozen river. The frigid water sucked the breath right out of my body starting from my big toes moving fast up to that place in my throat that burns when I'm really sad. That was the first time I truly recall feeling fear. When I heaved myself out the air felt like summer; at least until I got halfway home and my pants were stiff with ice.
I haven't paid much attention to fear since then but it's been sneaking up on me lately. It seems to me I feel all kinds of fear now.
The kind that jolts you awake when you almost drive into the ditch but somehow don't. Quick to subside with only lingering tingles in your feet and hands.
The fear you feel when you think you've lost your baby but they actually just fell asleep in the corner of the living room under a couch cushion. Fear to joy.
Or that awful nauseating fear that you feel when someone looks at you with eyes that whisper gently that they don't care; or at least not nearly as much as you do. Like icy water it steals your breath.
What exactly am I supposed to do with all of it? Does it serve a purpose? Teach me a lesson?
Mind the road.
Mind the baby.
Mind the tenacious heart.
Do people live with this all of the time? Am I normal now? I think I prefer invincible. My overconfidence in my ability to navigate a frozen river and to even escape it's jaws somehow escapes me now when faced with the heartbreak of life. My throat burns.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson transits the South China Sea while conducting flight operations on April 9, 2017. The Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group is on a scheduled western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet. Picture taken on April 9, 2017 Z.A. Landers/Courtesy U.S. Navy/Handout via REUTERS
Military trucks carry soldiers through central Pyongyang before sunset as the capital preparers for a parade marking today's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man holds an umbrella over flowers as people gather to pay their respects at the statues of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung (L) and late leader Kim Jong Il in Pyongyang, North Korea April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Military vehicles carry missiles with characters reading 'Pukkuksong' during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march and shout slogans during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People cheer as a missile is driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Missiles are driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A soldier salutes from inside a vehicle carrying a missile as it drives past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Military vehicles carry missiles with characters reading 'Pukkuksong' during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People carry flags in front of statues of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung (L) and late leader Kim Jong Il during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Men carry flags in front of the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of the country's founding father, Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of the country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Missiles are driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march and shout slogans during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march and shout slogans during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A soldier salutes from atop an armoured vehicle as it drives past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Soldiers hold weapons while seated on a vehicle carrying rockets as it drives past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Uniformed attendees march past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march and shout slogans during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Military vehicles carry missiles with characters reading 'Pukkuksong' during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
PYONGYANG/SEOUL North Korea displayed what appeared to be new long-range and submarine-based missiles on the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father, Kim Il Sung, on Saturday, as a nuclear-powered U.S. aircraft carrier group steamed towards the region.
Missiles appeared to be the main theme of a giant military parade, with Kim's grandson, leader Kim Jong-un, taking time to greet the commander of the Strategic Forces, the branch that oversees the missile arsenal.
A U.S. Navy attack on a Syrian airfield this month with Tomahawk missiles raised questions about U.S. President Donald Trump's plans for reclusive North Korea, which has conducted several missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, regularly threatening to destroy the United States.
Kim Jong-un, looking relaxed in a dark suit and laughing with aides, oversaw the festivities on the "Day of the Sun" at Pyongyang's main Kim Il Sung Square.
Goose-stepping soldiers and marching bands filled the square, next to the Taedonggang River that flows through Pyongyang, in the hazy spring sunshine, followed by tanks, multiple-launch rocket systems and other weapons.
Single-engine propeller-powered planes flew in a 105 formation overhead.
Unlike at some previous parades attended by Kim, there did not appear to be a senior Chinese official in attendance. China is North Korea's lone major ally but has spoken out against its missile and nuclear tests and has supported U.N. sanctions. China on Friday again called for talks to defuse the crisis.
Weapons analysts said they believed some of the missiles on display were new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM).
The North has said it has developed and would launch a missile that can strike the mainland United States but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering all the necessary technology.
"EARLY DAYS"
North Korea showed two new kinds of ICBM enclosed in canister launchers mounted on the back of trucks, suggesting Pyongyang was working towards a "new concept" of ICBM, said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
"However, North Korea has a habit of showing off new concepts in parades before they ever test or launch them," Hanham said.
"It is still early days for these missile designs."
The Pukkuksong submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) were also on parade. It was the first time North Korea had shown the missiles, which have a range of more than 1,000 km (600 miles), at a military parade.
Displaying more than one of the missiles indicates North Korea is progressing with its plan to base a missile on a submarine, which are hard to detect, said Joshua Pollack, editor of the Washington-based Nonproliferation Review.
"It suggests a commitment to this programme," said Pollack. "Multiple SLBMs seems like a declaration of intent to advance the programme."
North Korea, still technically at war with the South after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce but not a treaty, has on occasion conducted missile or nuclear tests to coincide with big political events and often threatens the United States, South Korea and Japan.
Choe Ryong Hae, a close aide to Kim Jong-un, addressed the packed square with a characteristically bellicose warning to the United States.
"If the United States wages reckless provocation against us, our revolutionary power will instantly counter with annihilating strike, and we will respond to full-out war with full-out war and to nuclear war with our style of nuclear strike warfare," they said.
PENCE TO VISIT SOUTH
State news agency KCNA said the Trump administration's "serious military hysteria" had reached a "dangerous phase which can no longer be overlooked".
The United States has warned that a policy of "strategic patience" with North Korea is over. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence travels to South Korea on Sunday on a long-planned 10-day trip to Asia.
China has also stepped up economic pressure on North Korea. It banned all imports of North Korean coal on Feb. 26 under U.N. sanctions, cutting off the North's most important export product.
China's national airline, Air China, weeks ago cancelled some flights to Pyongyang due to poor demand but it has not suspended all flights there, it said on Friday, denying a report by Chinese state broadcaster CCTV that all flights run by the airline between the two cities were to be suspended.
China's Global Times newspaper, which is published by the People's Daily, the Communist Party's official paper, said North Korea must have felt the shockwave from the 11-ton "mother of all bombs" dropped by U.S. forces on Islamic State-linked fighters in Afghanistan on Thursday.
"It would be nice if the bomb could frighten Pyongyang, but its actual impact may just be the opposite," it said in an editorial.
North Korea on Friday denounced the United States for bringing "huge nuclear strategic assets" to the region as the USS Carl Vinson strike group with a flag-ship nuclear-powered aircraft carrier steamed closer.
In Dandong, China's main border post with North Korea, hundreds of North Koreans gathered at a cultural centre carrying floral displays.
With the men wearing pins adorned with photos of Kim Il Sung, and the women in brightly coloured traditional dress, crowds lined up to bow to portraits of their state founder before touring an exhibition of photos and North Korean paintings.
KCNA was gushing in its praise of Kim Il Sung, recalling the time they met former U.S. president Jimmy Carter in 1994.
"Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter was so fascinated by their personality as to say that Kim Il Sung is greater than that George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln put together, eulogizing them as the great sun god of human destiny." it said.
(Additional reporting by Jack Kim, Minwoo Park in SEOUL, Natalie Thomas and Damir Sagolj in PYONGYANG, Michael Martina in BEIJING and Philip Wen in DANDONG.; Writing by Nick Macfie; Editing by Robert Birsel and Stephen Coates)
Readers might nod along or roll their eyes at a newspaper opinion piece, but a new study provides evidence that op-ed columns are an effective means for changing people's minds about the issues of the day.
Through two randomized experiments, researchers found that op-ed pieces had large and long-lasting effects on people's views among both the general public and policy experts. The study, published in the Quarterly Journal of Political Science, also found that Democrats and Republicans altered their views in the direction of the op-ed piece in roughly equal measure.
The New York Times launched the first modern "opposite of the editorial page," or op-ed page, on Sept. 21, 1970 to promote discussion and learning about salient issues in the news. Today, op-ed columns appear daily in all major print and online newspapers. Advocacy groups, political organizations, think tanks, and academics invest substantial time and resources into generating op-ed pieces.
"The time and energy it takes to produce an op-ed pieces raises a question: Are people persuaded by op-eds?" said Alexander Coppock, assistant professor of political science at Yale and the study's lead author. "We found that op-ed pieces have a lasting effect on people's views regardless of their political affiliation or their initial stance on an issue. People read an argument and were persuaded by it. It's that simple."
The researchers enrolled 3,567 people into the study through an online tool. In an initial survey, participants shared background information, such as their gender and party affiliation. They were randomly assigned into a control group or one of five "treatment" groups. Participants in the treatment groups were shown one of five op-eds that had been published in a major news outlet by a writer affiliated with the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, or U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. Participants in the control group were not given an op-ed to read.
The op-eds, which had appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, or Newsweek, advocated libertarian policy positions on issues such as climate change, federal spending on transportation and infrastructure, and instituting a federal flat tax on income. The researchers gauged participants' immediate reactions to the op-ed pieces and surveyed them again 10 and 30 days later, comparing their responses to those of participants in the control group.
The researchers performed the same experiment on a group of 2,169 "elites," including journalists, law professors, policy-focused academics, think tank scholars, bankers, and congressional staffers.
In both experiments, people exposed to op-eds shifted their views to support the argument presented in the piece, with the general public being marginally more persuaded than the elites.
While 50% of people in the control group agreed with the views expressed in a given op-ed, 65%-70% of the people in the treatment groups expressed agreement with the op-eds' authors immediately after reading the pieces, Coppock said.
"These large differences suggest that people are persuadable on policy issues by substantial amounts," Coppock said.
The gap between the control and treatment groups closed by about half after 10 days, but remained substantial, Coppock noted. Participants' views changed little between 10 and 30 days after reading the op-eds, demonstrating a lasting effect, they said.
The researchers concluded that op-eds are a cost effective way to influence people's views. Based on the cost of producing an op-ed, the number of people likely to read it, and its ability to sway a reader's opinion, the researchers estimated that an op-ed costs from about 50 cents to $3 per mind changed.
###
Coppock's co-authors are Emily Ekins, research fellow and director of polling at the Cato Institute, and David Kirby, an adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute.
× BBB Finds Tech Support Scam is a worldwide problem
SEATTLE — A new study by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) finds more and more people are becoming victims of the computer technical support scam.
Many have come across this scam which targets your computer.
“This is where your computer locks up and a pop-up comes up and a voice that says you've got a virus. It gives you a phone number to call and that just gets things going,” said Veronica Craker; content and communications director with the Better Business Bureau.
The report called: “Pop-Ups and Impostors: A Better Business Bureau Study of the Growing Worldwide Problem of Computer Tech Support Scams” found that anyone who owns or uses a computer is a potential target.
“I think one of the reasons is we're all on our computers all of the time and when the computer locks up a lot of people don't know how to get out of it,” added Craker.
The study found that most people lose money using credit cards or debit cards, while checks are the second most-common form of payment.
The BBB study found that just over 85% of the scammers come from India, while less than 10 percent are operating inside the US.
The Better Business Bureau is offering tips to consumers so they don't become victims of the computer tech support scam:
Research tech support companies before you decide to do business with them. Go to bbb.org to search for BBB Business Profiles.
Double-check all the details. If you're directed to an official company website, make sure that it's the real company's site by double-checking the spelling of the company's name in the website address. Anything that claims to be from “Microsoft,” for example, is a scam.
If a caller claims to work for a reputable company, ask for their name and company ID and then call that company's official customer service line and ask to be directed to that employee. Do not use a phone number provided to you by the caller.
If your computer has been compromised, don't panic. You may still be able to get your machine fixed. Scammers are relying on you to make hasty decisions. You'll be better able to avoid their traps if you don't rush.
Make sure you're using a quality, up-to-date antivirus software and that you are running the latest version.
Change your passwords. First change the password to any account or machine the scammer has or could access. Then change the passwords on any account that you were logged in to on your machine, as well as any accounts for which you use the same or very similar login credentials.
Call your credit card company. If you made a payment by using your credit card, the company will help you to appeal any unauthorized charges and to get a new card.
Victims can report it to BBB Scam Tracker.
Craker said one of the things the study found was that seniors were more likely to report this type of scam while millennials were more like to lose money from the scam.
When Patsy Dietz took to the stage at the start of the Danny Dietz Memorial Day Classic, they read a heartfelt letter from the wife of Senior Chief SEAL Kyle Milliken, killed in Somalia a year ago this month.
Gathering with veterans, friends and family at the Redneck Country Club in Stafford, Dietz finished their speech by focusing on the final line of the letter written to Dietz and the Navy SEAL Foundation, who provide ongoing support and assistance to the families of fallen veterans.
“I will never be able to repay the kindness to the American people to my family and my friends,” Dietz read.
Dietz said their reason for sharing the note from Milliken's widow, was for people to understand the true meaning of Memorial Day.
“It's about people who gave up their lives in the service of this country,” they said.
They then introduced the most “amazing, strong women who have been my rock in my darkest hours.” Joining them onstage were the Gold Star wives, the spouses of fallen SEALs, who were there for Patsy when they lost husband Danny Dietz, a Navy SEAL killed in 2005 during Operation Red Wings.
Dietz's story was retold in the book and subsequent movie “Lone Survivor.” Since then, Dietz, a veteran herself, and the daughter of a veteran (her dad was a member of a SEAL team), has been actively involved with Navy SEAL Foundation.
“Everybody steps in to make sure the families could focus on grieving; basically take care of everything so they wouldn't have to worry about anything else around them. We have grief counseling so wives can talk about the different stages of grief, and counseling for their kids, where they can interact with other SEALS and know that these guys are there for them, even though their father is gone.”
Houston Texans player J.J. Watt, who was presented with an Honorary Texan award at the Friday night event for their support, said “I may not be from here, but you sure make me feel like family.” Watt is originally from Wisconsin.
Having met Patsy Dietz and learning about the foundation during their rookie year with the Texans, Watt gratefully acknowledged the strength and courage of the families of the fallen heroes. Texas Ranger Joe W. Harrelson, who presented the award to Watt, said they were not only proud of the people who put the event together, “but also proud of the community who turn out for the event as well.”
“Part of what we are doing here is to bring back the meaning of Memorial Day. So many people forget that,” said Danny Quinlan, event organizer. With the help of director Erica Molina, both will continue to focus on ways to help fallen veterans and their families.
At the fairgrounds in Rosenberg, the Danny Dietz Memorial Day Classic continued throughout the weekend with concerts, cattle roping, barrel racing, a car show, silent auctions, a barbecue cookout, Cowboy Church with Trey Johnson, and an Honorary Texas ceremony featuring guest speaker Dan Crenshaw, a former Navy SEAL and Republican candidate for U.S. Congress for Texas's 2nd congressional district.
“It really is a time to memorialize those who were lost, seek out those who have lost somebody, and tell them that you want to remember them,” Crenshaw said. “It means a lot to those who are still serving. And by those who are still serving, I mean the Gold Star families. Because they're serving forever and ever. It never stops.”
For more information, visit www.dannydietzmemorial.com or www.navysealfoundation.org.
Scientists studying the body's cancer-fighting T cells have a serious problem: When they culture them in the lab, the T cells sit around at equilibrium, waiting to bump into cancerous cells. But that's not how they operate inside the body. There, they are motorized little bloodhounds, actively seeking out infected cells.
In this active mode, they can find cells showing much less evidence of cancer than researchers previously thought, Vanderbilt University Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Matt Lang, Ph.D. student Yinnian Feng and their Harvard University collaborators found.
Their work, which represents a leap toward developing killer T cells to attack tumors, appears in today's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Titled "Mechanosensing drives acuity of αβ T cell recognition," it's the result of more than 1,000 individual experiments aimed at triggering T cells when they are given a humanly undetectable push.
The research promises to change what immunologists are looking for, because it demonstrates that T cells can trigger killing of cells with far less evidence of infectious pathogens, physical damage and malignant transformations than researchers believed, Lang said. Now, researchers will look for T cells that demonstrate potential for the strongest binding when they're flung at damaged cells.
"We can, for the first time, pick the closer on the baseball team who can reliably pitch fastballs," Lang said. "Which T cell do you pick, which one do you put back into the patient to fight their disease? Maybe you get lucky and pick the right one. With these new tests, we can measure the interaction under the native, energized state. We've found the sweet spot for reliably triggering them."
They said the research has personal significance to them because their wife has fought thyroid cancer for years--she is currently cancer-free--and he's lost other relatives to cancer in quick succession.
Lang's team collaborated with Harvard's Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, where researchers have been studying T cell receptors that distinguish abnormal cells from normal cells since the early 1980s. Dr. Ellis Reinherz said they worked with Lang when the engineering professor was at MIT, just prior to Vanderbilt. They used optical tweezers--highly focused laser beams--to help characterize the T cells' structure and perform single-molecule analyses.
"What Matt has shown here is that, in the presence of force, the ability of a T cell to recognize its target is dramatically enhanced," Reinherz said. They warned against treating the new research finding as a panacea, but characterized it as enormously important fundamental science.
"Coming down the pike, this sort of technology will be useful in honing our way of best identifying tumor antigens and developing rational methods of discerning T cell receptors one from another on bond strength," Reinherz said. "We may be able to improve the quality we're generating, characterize them and define with great authenticity pathogen-derived responses.
"Our work is fundamental to developing antigen-specific, killer T-cells."
Feng and Lang performed their experiments using optical tweezers to pick up microscopic spheres and coat them with the same peptides as found on diseased cells. They would then place the spheres onto T cells.
With no force, the T cells were thought to go through their typical lab routine of lackadaisically sniffing out a peptide, then another, then another in a process requiring hundreds or even thousands of binding events before their receptors bound to enough peptides to activate the immune response.
Then Feng and Lang applied 10 piconewtons of force to the T cell, equivalent to the gravitational force exerted by dropping 1/1,000th of an eyelash. A special dye applied to the T cell immediately revealed an increase of intracellular calcium, which shows that it is activated. Feng and Lang began removing a peptide at a time as their experiments progressed and learned that, with this tiny amount of force, the T cell can do its job when contacting as few as two peptides.
"With the very precise microscopes we have, we didn't see repetitive binding. We saw a single binding event," Lang said. "This paper is telling us about mechanism, about how the system actually works. It's basically saying that we're dealing with a mechanosensor that requires force to be activated. Strategically, it's changing what we should be looking for."
The team's work could help with designing strategies for T cell therapies, said Dr. Christian S. Hinrichs, an investigator with the National Cancer Institute.
"In the emerging and very promising field of T cell therapy, these findings help us understand at a very basic level how therapeutic T cells are triggered to attack their targets," they said.
###
The research was supported by NIH Grants R01AI100643, R01AI37581, P01GM047467 and SU2C-AACR-DT1314.
Residents loot a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Residents loot a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Residents loot a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Residents loot a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Policemen try to stop residents looting a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Firefighters try to extinguish a fire on a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Firefighters try to extinguish a fire on a truck burned during violent clashes between rival gangs at a street near Brasil avenue near Cidade Alta slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
RIO DE JANEIRO Suspected drug gang members burned at least seven commuter buses and a tractor trailer on major highways in Rio de Janeiro on Tuesday, apparently in response to police raids in slums controlled by the criminals.
The suspects ordered all the people off the bus and truck before torching them and no one was injured, authorities said. Burning buses is a common form of protest and intimidation carried out by gangs in Brazil.
Police said that rival gangs engaged in firefights early Tuesday and officers responded.
By mid-afternoon, at least 40 suspects were detained and more than 30 guns confiscated in the Cidade Alta slum.
At least three police suffered light injuries. There was no immediate word on injuries among suspects or bystanders in the shantytown amid the fighting between gangs and police.
Violence has increased in Rio since the 2016 Olympics. Rio's debt-laden state government does not have the funds to maintain what many security experts considered a successful police programme to push gangs out of slums and setting up permanent posts to keep them out.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Brad Brooks; editing by Grant McCool)
A A
Dry skin is often a temporary or seasonal problem — one that you experience only in winter or summer, for example — but the problem may remain a lifelong concern. Although your skin is often the driest on your hands, arms, lower legs and sides of your abdomen, the locations where these dry patches form can vary considerably from one person to the next.
Signs and symptoms of the condition will depend on your age, health status, living environment, the amount of time you spend outdoors and the specific cause of your problem. With dry skin, you may have one or more of the following:
• Sensation of skin tightness, especially after showering, bathing or swimming.
• Skin that appears shrunken or dehydrated
• Skin that feels and looks rough rather than smooth
• Itching that sometimes may be intense
• Slight to severe flaking, scaling or peeling skin
• Fine lines or cracks in the skin
• Redness
Dry skin (xerosis) often has an environmental cause. Certain diseases also can significantly affect your skin. Potential causes of dry skin include:
• Weather. Skin tends to be driest in winter, when temperatures and humidity levels plummet. But the season may not matter as much if you live in desert regions.
• Heat. Central heating, wood-burning stoves, space heaters and fireplaces all reduce humidity and dry your skin.
• Hot baths and showers. Taking long, hot showers or baths can dry your skin. So can frequent swimming, particularly in heavily chlorinated pools.
• Harsh soaps and detergents. Many popular soaps, detergents and shampoos strip moisture from your skin as they are formulated to remove oil.
• Other skin conditions. People with skin conditions such as atopic dermatitis (eczema) or psoriasis are prone to dry skin.
These steps can help keep your skin moist and healthy:
• Moisturize. Moisturizers provide a seal over your skin to keep water from escaping. Apply moisturizer several times a day and after bathing. Thicker moisturizers work best, such as over-the-counter brands Eucerin and Cetaphil. You may also want to use cosmetics that contain moisturizers. If your skin is extremely dry, you may want to apply an oil, such as baby oil, while your skin is still moist. Oil has more staying power than moisturizers do and prevents the evaporation of water from the surface of your skin.
Another possibility is ointments that contain petroleum jelly (Vaseline, Aquaphor). These may feel greasy, so you might want to use them only at night.
• Use warm water and limit bath time. Long showers or baths and hot water remove oils from your skin. Limit your bath or shower to five to 10 minutes and use warm, not hot, water.
• Avoid harsh, drying soaps. It's best to use cleansing creams or gentle skin cleansers and bath or shower gels with added moisturizers. Choose mild soaps that have added oils and fats. Avoid deodorant and antibacterial detergents, fragrance and alcohol.
• Wear rubber gloves. If you have to immerse your hands in water or are using harsh cleansers, wearing gloves can help protect your skin.
• Apply moisturizers immediately after bathing. Gently pat your skin dry with a towel so that some moisture remains. Immediately moisturize your skin with an oil or cream to help trap water in the surface cells.
• Use a humidifier. Hot, dry, indoor air can parch sensitive skin and worsen itching and flaking. A portable home humidifier or one attached to your furnace adds moisture to the air inside your home. Be sure to keep your humidifier clean to ward off bacteria and fungi.
• Cover as much skin as possible in cold weather. Winter can be especially drying to skin, so be sure to wear a scarf, hat and gloves when you go out.
• Choose fabrics that are kind to your skin. Natural fibers, such as cotton and silk, allow your skin to breathe. But wool, although natural, can irritate even normal skin.
Wash your clothes with detergents without dyes or perfumes, both of which can irritate your skin. These products may be labeled as “free.”
If dry skin causes itching, apply cool compresses to the area. To reduce inflammation, use a nonprescription hydrocortisone cream or ointment, containing at least 1 percent hydrocortisone. If these measures don't relieve your symptoms or if your symptoms worsen, see your doctor or consult a dermatologist.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - A judge on Monday dismissed the state of Tennessee's lawsuit against the federal government over the refugee resettlement program, dealing a loss to Republican legislative leaders who brought the challenge.
The Tennessee General Assembly filed the lawsuit in March 2017, arguing the refugee program is forcing the state to spend money on additional services, including health care and education.
In their dismissal order Monday, U.S. District Judge S. Thomas Anderson said it's speculative for Tennessee to contend that it might lose $7 billion annually in federal Medicaid money if it refuses to spend state money on refugee services through Medicaid. The case includes no allegation that the federal government has made a threat to withhold the money, the judge added.
"The injury that Plaintiffs claim, i.e., loss of all federal Medicaid funding, has not occurred and may never occur," Anderson wrote.
The Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition, Bridge Refugee Services and the Nashville International Center for Empowerment had asked the judge to dismiss the case. The American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee filed the motion for them.
On Tuesday, the Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition plans to bring more than 40 refugees to the Capitol complex to visit with lawmakers and share their stories.
"The baseless and cruel attacks on refugee resettlement have galvanized the refugee community to organize and defend the program," the Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition said in a news release.
State Attorney General Herbert Slatery declined to file the lawsuit on behalf of legislators, so the suit was filed for free by the Thomas More law firm, which takes up conservative causes in courts.
In 2016, Gov. Bill Haslam refused to sign a resolution that passed in the General Assembly demanding the lawsuit. It took effect without their signature.
After the court's ruling, Tennessee Senate Speaker Randy McNally said lawmakers are discussing appeal options with their attorneys.
"I am obviously dismayed by this decision. The federal government has failed the states and the people on the refugee issue for too long," McNally, an Oak Ridge Republican, said in a statement.
Original work by the unusual artist Swedish Cypriot artist Annelise Ross-Clunis will be displayed for the first time at Nicosia's Apocalypse art gallery as of Thursday.
Named Contemporary Heart, the collection consists of a series of works which move between fairy tale, fantasy and play, using fan art and pop surrealism.
Ross-Clunis first exhibited some of their work at last year's comic con in Nicosia but this is their first solo presentation with a comprehensive collection.
The artist was born in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1975 and has a Cypriot father and a Swedish mother. After graduating from the American Academy in Larnaca they studied Graphic Design at Alexander College.
In 1998 they moved to Sweden where they lived and worked for several years. Recently they have worked in the village of Shia in Cyprus.
Last year they were invited to present their works at Vienna's Kunstraum Ewigkeitsgasse gallery in December.
They used pencil for their early paintings, but presently works mainly with acrylic paints on canvas. They find themselves drawn towards genres such as pop surrealism and fan art. Some pieces are highly detailed, while in some cases there is a hidden meaning behind innocent-looking characters.
They are happy or sad images with vivid colours that tell different stories and convey emotions such as anguish, compassion, joy or sorrow, feelings arising from the personal experiences of the painter.
The artist has been inspired by Alice in Wonderland to express the metaphysical, surreal world.
Contemporary heart
Exhibition of paintings by Annelise Ross-Clunis. February 16 until February 28. Apocalypse Gallery, Nicosia. Tel: 22-300150, email: info@apocalypse-gallery.com.cy
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - The only thing Bill Self seemed pleased about from a first-round NCAA Tournament win by Kansas was, well, the fact that their top-seeded Jayhawks had won.
They aren't a whole lot more impressed with their second-round win.
But in a tournament gone goofy with upsets, where two No. 1 seeds are already out, simply surviving should be reason for applause. And the fact that Self thinks the best is yet to come should give the Jayhawks confidence as they head to the Midwest Region semifinals.
"Well, I think in the NCAA Tournament you don't worry as much if you played well or if you played poor," Self said. "You worry more about, 'Did we advance?' And I think that's all we did is we advanced."
Kansas will play red-hot Clemson on Friday night in Omaha, Nebraska.
"I don't think we were good against Penn, except for short stretches, and I don't think we were very good (against Seton Hall), except for short stretches," Self said. "But we put ourselves in position where hopefully we'll play much better next week and play our best ball. Certainly we're going to have to be better, obviously, on Friday."
It would help the Jayhawks' cause if Udoka Azubuike is closer to 100 percent against the Tigers.
The 7-foot sophomore played 22 minutes against Seton Hall, and the Jayhawks needed all of them against Pirates big man Angel Delgado. But while Azubuike was effective after missing most of two weeks with a ligament injury to their left knee, there were still times that they were laboring.
"He's probably not close to 100 percent, to be honest, but the way their attitude has been, the way he's been rehabbing, that allowed them to get out there," Kansas star Devonte Graham said. "You can't duplicate having 'Doke in the game. He's a big piece of our offense."
Now, Azubuike will have another week to get their feet - or rather their knee - under him.
Self said the plan was to rest them Sunday and Monday, practice Tuesday through Thursday, and be ready to go against a fifth-seeded Clemson team that ran roughshod over No. 4 seed Auburn.
"Coach is trying to limit my time sometimes, and I'm like, 'Coach, I'm good. I'm good to go,'" Azubuike said with a smile. "I'm feeling good right now. I feel good to be back with the team. And like, as soon as I stepped on the court, I felt good and I was just good to go."
Still, the Jayhawks (29-7) have only had one person step up offensively each of their first two NCAA Tournament games, and that's cause for concern. When they've struggled this season, such as losses to Washington and Arizona State, nobody in their talented backcourt came through in the clutch.
Against Penn, it was Graham who shouldered the load. They scored 29 points, dished out six assists with six rebounds, and played all but one minute in a game tight until the second half.
Against Seton Hall, the Big 12 player of the year was largely silenced, perhaps in part by a shot to the head they took from their own teammate. But sophomore Malik Newman took over, the Big 12 Tournaments most valuable player hitting four 3-pointers and pouring in 28 points in an 83-79 victory.
"With the four guards and with the big man, I think anybody - any one of our starting five - always have a chance to go out and get 20-plus," Newman said. "Lot of weapons we have to our arsenal."
They'll likely need more than one of them Friday night.
Clemson closed the first half against Auburn with a 25-4 run, was lights-out on offense and brutal on defense, and was never threatened the rest of the way in an 84-53 romp that sent coach Brad Brownell's program to its first Sweet 16 in 21 years.
"That was probably as impressive of a performance as anyone has had in the tournament so far and there have been some great performances," Self said. "They dominated Auburn in every area - perimeter play, speed, rebounding and in the paint. Watching them was like watching a clinic.
"They've played against some unbelievable teams all year long," they added. "This will be a difficult game. A game that will require us to play a lot better than we did this past weekend."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
The revamped free tier app now lets users pick songs to listen to in select playlists, instead of having them in shuffled playback
Published 11:17 AM, April 25, 2018
MANILA, Philippines - In an event in New York last Tuesday, April 24, Spotify announced that it was launching a revamped app experience for their over 90 million free users. It's the first major change for the free tier since its introduction in 2014.
“Our customers always tell us that music discovery and listening is a personal experience, and we are enhancing the free experience with this in mind,” said Babar Zafar, VP of product development at Spotify, in a statement.
“This is the beginning of an evolution for Spotify and we will continue to make improvements that mirror our customers' needs. This is not only about giving users a more customized free experience from the day they sign up, but giving them more control over their listening experience so they can easily find and stream their favorites anytime, from anywhere,” said Zafar.
When Spotify added the free tier, they allowed non-paying users to listen to their vast catalog with some limitations, which include shuffled playback in playlists and ads in between tracks. The popular music streaming service is changing this by adding on-demand access to 15 curated playlists such as Daily Mix, Discover Weekly, Release Radar or Today's Top Hits.
Even though these aren't playlists made by the users themselves, they're generated around their listening habits and are constantly going to be updated. Free users are going to be asked to choose their favorite artists when they first open the app, letting Spotify get in tune with their tastes and better personalize the curated playlists, which is said to include 750 songs or approximately 40 hours of listening time.
Additionally, Spotify said that the app would now assist users in creating their own playlists by recommending songs similar to those they've already added. What's more is that they're adding a “data saver” mode that can help lessen the load of streaming for data capped plans and 3G.
Spotify said that it is in the process of rolling out the revamped app experience to both iOS and Android in the coming weeks. – Rappler.com
SEATTLE – The Seahawks' top draft pick apologized Monday after reportedly being arrested over the weekend outside an Atlanta-area nightclub.
TMZ reported that Malik McDowell was arrested for disorderly conduct following an argument with staff members about money.
“I am embarrassed by the situation and my actions on Saturday,” McDowell wrote on Twitter. “I would like to apologize to the Atlanta Police Department, SL Lounge, the entire Seattle Seahawks organization and my teammates. I am a young man who made a mistake and am constantly working towards getting better.”
McDowell isn't on the Seahawks active roster, having missed the entire season after suffering a severe concussion from an ATV accident over the summer.
EUGENE, Ore. — Payton Pritchard scored 16 points, Troy Brown had 10 points, 12 rebounds and four assists and Oregon beat winless Texas Southern 74-68 on Monday night.
Oregon forward Kenny Wooten blocked Trayvon Reed's layup with 1:56 remaining but Texas Southern kept possession and Donte Clark made a basket to pull the Tigers within 69-66.
Brown scored on the next two possessions for the Ducks, including a 3-pointer to cap the scoring with 45 seconds to go. Demontrae Jefferson and Clark both missed shots in the closing seconds for Texas Southern.
Wooten added 13 points with four blocks for Oregon (6-3). Paul White and Victor Bailey Jr. each scored 11 points, and Mikyle McIntosh had 10 points and eight boards.
Clark scored 17 points for Texas Southern (0-8) and Jefferson added 16 with five assists. The Tigers shot 39 per cent from the floor but hit 13 of 14 free throws.
BIG PICTURE
Texas Southern will attempt to give coach Mike Davis their 100th victory with the Tigers when they continue their 13-game opening road slate at Baylor, Wyoming, TCU and BYU before starting Southwestern Athletic Conference play.
Oregon defeated the third winless team among its first 10 opponents, but the competition gets tougher with two games against teams with power ratings in the top 60 in Portland State and Fresno State. The latter will be the Ducks' only game outside of Oregon before January.
UP NEXT
Texas Southern plays at Baylor on Thursday night.
[India], June 15 (ANI): The Haj Committee of India has initiated an orientation training programme for Kashmiri pilgrims ahead of this year's 'Haj' to Mecca.
The orientation programme's aims is to provide information to pilgrims regarding the 'Haj'.
During the programme, the concerned authorities distribute special pamphlets and experts give brief Haj-related do's and don't lecture. Pilgrims are being informed through film screening about boarding, lodging and offering prayers.
"Our training is divided into two levels - the first is logistics, in which we inform about various facilities provided to pilgrims by the State, Central and Saudi Arabian Government, and the second phase, includes steps for offering prayers," said Haji Abdul Rasheed, trainer and former Haj officer.
A large number of pilgrims are participating in the training programme. "The 'Haj' is a long journey and orientation for it is essential to mentally prepare pilgrims," said a pilgrim. The 'Haj' is an annual pilgrimage to Mecca, the holy city of Islam. It is mandatory in Islam for physically and financially-able adults to go on a 'Haj'. It is among one of the five pillars of Islam, along with Shahadah, Salat, Zakat, and Sawm. Last year, about 99,903 people went to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, for 'Haj' from across India through the Haj Committee of India, whereas over 36,000 pilgrims went for Haj through private tour operators. (ANI)
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Shelby Reynolds offers their top picks for the weekend. Jamie Stoddard/ Staff
The BoDeans today, with cofounder Kurt Neumann, second from left (Photo: Submitted photo)
For a band best known for "Closer to Free," the BoDeans have had to do a lot of brush-cutting to get to freedom themselves.
They've cycled through some 14 members over the band's 31 years performing and recording history. At a low point, cofounder and vocalist Sam Llanas deserted them via text message in 2011. They've experimented with styles, occasionally to the dismay of fans, and haven't cracked hit charts with the frequency recording companies demand.
Yet they are a perennial performance favorite, an opening act that has been in demand by everyone from U2 to Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, George Thorogood, The Pretenders, David Bowie and the late Tom Petty. Music lovers will get to see their style when the BoDeans perform at the Southwest Florida Event Center (the former Southwest Florida Performing Arts Center) in Bonita Springs on Wednesday, Oct. 11.
The Milwaukee-based band owns plenty of recognition: a permanent spot in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame as a road marker for independent Midwest rock. It has scored airplay on rock stations with pieces like the pick- and percussion-hooked "Fadeaway" and on country charts (the fiddle- and twang-powered "All the World"). Their songs fueled several episodes of the 2016 Netflix series "The Ranch."
More: 'Closer to Free' by the BoDeans
The BoDeans' rousing "Closer to Free" (1993) anthem keeps re-emerging, early on as the theme of Fox TV's "Party of Five" in 1994, and then in the movies "Milk Money" and "Heavyweights" over the following years. And last year the band starred in its own 30-year birthday party celebrating the group's first disc, "Love & Hope & Sex & Dreams," in Milwaukee.
Cofounder Kurt Neumann took time to email responses to questions about the band and its music:
Naples Daily News: When you founded the BoDeans, how long did you see the band lasting and what did you see it doing?
Kurt Neumann: I never thought that far ahead.It was just one day/week/month/year at a time. But I always hoped it would last a long long time.
NDN: People easily tend toward “hit factory” concerts, but say they come away from concerts more rewarding from bands with fewer chart hits and more independence in their directions. What would you say people will enjoy most about your concerts?
Neumann: Pure human performance! We are about playing and singing. Spontaneous interaction. No choreography or dancers or things blowing up.
NDN: Every band has that song that its members insist should have been a hit, like Elton John's “Holiday Inn.” Which song that is that for you?
Neumann: “Good things” off our "Black and White" record. It became a crowd favorite: a Top 10 hit at the Loop in Chicago, as well as played heavily on the CHR (contemporary hit radio) station in Milwaukee, one of the most downloaded and requested songs we have without ever being released by Warner Bros. as a single — so, without any push or money or video behind it.
NDN: You have opened for some amazing people. Which tour you worked with impressed or terrified you most or just left you shaking your head, and why?
Neumann: Opening for U2 at the LA Colosseum. There were 89,000 people in attendance. The front row of the crowd was a 100 feet away from me. Very impersonal.
It taught me how impersonal the “Bigtime” music gig is. You don't see individuals but rather the crowd as a whole as the individual. It takes a great amount of getting used to.
NDN: Writing music these days seems to be sending your talent flying to the winds, with all the online music websites and the amount of clandestine taping that goes on. How do you protect your music?
Neumann: You can't protect your music anymore. Once it's out, it's everywhere for free. You don't really get paid anything for it.
And it seems that every year the songwriter makes half of what they did the year before. But my experience is that the general public doesn't want to hear any complaining from the musicians. They just want free stuff.
I guess that will change when everybody is asked to work for free.
If you go
The BoDeans
Where: Southwest Florida Event Center, 11515 Bonita Beach Road SE, Bonita Springs (at the corner of Imperial Parkway and Bonita Beach Road)
When: 8 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 11
Admission: $25 to $40; a minimum $10 food purchase is required with $25 tickets, a $15 minimum for the premium tickets
To buy: swfleventcenter.com
Information: 239-245-9910
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/entertainment/2017/10/06/bodeans-bring-31-years-roots-vibes-and-lingering-hits-bonita/730779001/
Aly Thomson, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- An MBA student accused of drunk driving causing the death of a well-known Halifax bottle collector is now facing an additional negligence charge.
Dennis Patterson, who is in their early 20s, was charged after Wray Hart was killed in January when they were struck and became pinned by a car in the city's south end.
"Nobody deserves to die the way they did, especially him," said Gary "Caesar" Julien, a friend of Hart, outside Halifax provincial court Wednesday.
"It's just not right, what happened."
Crown lawyer Melanie Perry told Judge Theodore Tax Wednesday that an additional charge of criminal negligence causing death had been laid. Patterson also faces charges of dangerous driving causing death and driving with a blood alcohol level over .08 causing death.
Their case is scheduled to return to court June 26.
Hart, who was in their early 60s, was a fixture in downtown Halifax, where they could often be seen sitting outside the old library on Spring Garden Road or pushing a shopping cart piled high with recyclables.
Their son, Anthony Wray Hart, choked back tears as they told reporters Wednesday that their father was incredibly generous and helped many people get off the street.
"I even watched them take the jacket off their own back and give it to someone else to keep them warm," said Anthony Hart, standing next to other emotional friends and family of their father. "He was always there to talk to."
Robert O'Neill said Wray Hart was a "father figure" to many in the community.
"He absorbed everything around in and relayed it in a way that gave you hope," said O'Neill, a friend of Hart's.
"Even if they couldn't spare a cigarette or they aren't even around to speak to you, when you thought of him, it gave you a strength... They were a beacon of (empathy)."
There was an outpouring of support for Wray Hart after their death, with almost $9,000 raised through a GoFundMe campaign for their funeral arrangements.
More than 100 people gathered to remember Hart at a funeral service in February.
The GoFundMe page said Hart had been homeless for many years and often slept on a Queen Street bench, but was not homeless at the time of their death.
There is so much for Tre Jones to look forward to in life. National teams. National awards. A career at one of college basketball's blue-blood programs, Duke. A possible NBA career.
For now, though, none of those things is anywhere near as important as the Apple Valley boys' basketball team and repeating as Class 4A champions. For Jones, the Star Tribune Metro Player of the Year, basketball and family are intertwined. And the family is in Apple Valley.
“The people around me helped put me in the best positions I could possibly be in,” Jones said. “My family is a big part of that.”
That family includes their mother, Debbie, who takes every opportunity to support their sons while at the same time keeping them humble. Oldest brother Jadee, a former star at DeLaSalle and Hopkins, is now an assistant coach at Apple Valley. Better-known brother Tyus, current Timberwolves guard, is Tre's role model.
Tre had the chance take the prep school route that former teammate Gary Trent Jr. followed, but that never seemed a good fit. While basketball is their pride and their passion, they cherish the normalcy of high school. He's popular and well-known but doesn't flaunt it. They frequently can be found with their friends, laughing and cheering on the football team or the wrestling team or the girls' basketball team.
If you spied them at a game and didn't know who they are, you would think he's just another student supporting their school and not the best high school point guard in America.
“People gravitate toward them because of the way they carry himself,” Apple Valley coach Zach Goring said. “He doesn't act like the No. 1 point guard in the country who's going to Duke. He's a normal kid with a normal social group. The seniors they play with right now are their very closest friends.”
When asked if they ever considered leaving high school, Jones said. “I thought about it a little bit. But I couldn't see myself leaving home early. I have a lot of friends at the school. Everything I've been through here has made me the best person and best player I can possibly be.”
He's a pass-first point guard who is averaging 23 points per game, along with 8.6 rebounds and 6.2 assists for an Apple Valley team seeking its third state title in four seasons.
A lean and lithe 6-3, Jones will graduate as the second in school history for points scored, rebounds and assists. They hold school records for single-game scoring (48) and single-season rebounds (332).
Jones was a vital cog as a first-year student on the Eagles' 2015 Class 4A championship team and orchestrated their 2017 run to the title. Their performance in a 60-54 victory over then-undefeated Champlin Park in last season's final – 24 points, 18 rebounds, five assists and a bundle of heady plays on both ends of the court – still has people talking.
“One of the all-time great performances,” Minneapolis North coach Larry McKenzie said.
But talk about things he's done and Jones sheepishly breaks out their trademark smile, sparkling and contagious.
“When you're winning, it's easy to smile,” they said. “When the game is on the line, I'm not smiling, but once we're winning and we've got the game, that's when the smile comes out.”
There are just a few more games left in Jones' high school career, one he'd like end with another state title with their best friends.
“We're always right there for each other celebrating or, if one of us is down, we pick each other up,” Jones said. “We're just trying to make everybody proud. At the end of the day, I want to go out a champion.''
View the other players named to the Star Tribune's all-metro teams.
This weekend the annual Texas bigfoot conference is being held in Jefferson. A piece of film shot 50 years ago supposedly by a cowboy in a California forest, sparked a mystery that remains to this day.
The head of US Pacific Command has informed lawmakers that more intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft will be needed to monitor the Korean Peninsula in the event that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump reach an accord on denuclearization.
"I don't know where we're going up end with the talks. [But] I do see demand increasing, clearly," for deployments of the WC-135 Constant Phoenix "nuke sniffer," Admiral Harry Harris, head of US Pacific Command, told Congress last Thursday.
Currently, the commander has P-3 Orion surveillance planes, RC-135 Rivet Joint reconnaissance aircraft and the WC-135 sniffers at their disposal, according to Harris' remarks.
The US Air Force fact sheet on the WC-135 notes that it is the only aircraft in the fleet capable of conducting air sampling operations and detecting radioactive "clouds" in real time. In the event Trump and Kim reach an agreement, the WC-135s will be needed for verifying nuclear testing hasn't occurred, Military.com reports.
The WC-135 "helps me understand the nature of North Korea's nuclear testing," Harris said, noting that right now, when they need the WC-135 they must make a request with the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
"We have to enter this eyes wide open," Harris said about the pending meeting between Kim and Trump. "The fact that we're talking at all has a positive framework about it. We haven't lost anything by talking," the admiral said, noting that "the opportunity to engage has value itself, regardless of outcome."
© AP Photo/ Kim Kwang Hyon Basketball Diplomacy: NBA Star Rodman Praises Trump, Kim Jong-un's Plan to Meet
On Monday, Yonhap reported that South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung Wha said Kim had given "his word" about Pyongyang's commitment to ditching its nuclear weapons program. "The significance of their word is quite weighty in the sense that this is the first time that the words came directly from the North Korean supreme leader himself. And that has never been done before," Kang said.
Kim expressed a willingness to dismantle the country's nuclear weapon and ballistic missile program this month through a group of South Korean senior officials who visited the White House. The South Koreans let Trump know that Kim invited the US leader to a summit and Trump quickly accepted the offer.
Cork 2-23
Tipperary 1-13
John O'Shea reports from Páirc Uí Chaoimh
THESE ARE VERY good times indeed for Cork hurling and that feel-good factor continued after the events of tonight on Leeside in the Bord Gáis Energy Munster U21 hurling final.
The Rebel County won the Munster U21 championship for the first time since 2007, courtesy of a strong display and at times some scintillating score taking.
This was a comprehensive victory in the end for Denis Ring's side. They were slick and efficient in front of the posts and produced a fantastic display overall.
It adds to what has been a memorable few days for hurling on Leeside, following the victory of the senior hurlers in their Munster decider a few days previous. Quite a few members of the Cork senior panel were on show here and they duly impressed.
The Rebels set their stall out from the outset, with Shane Kingston and Declan Dalton slotting over early scores.
The impressive start for Cork was capped off by their opening goal midway through the opening half of play.
After some good work by Tim O'Mahony to put the ball into their path, Robbie O'Flynn finished clinically to the back of the net.
Although Tipp did get early scores of their own through Darragh Woods and Ger Browne, Cork were well and truly in the groove as they went ahead 1-12 to 0-5 at the break.
Tipperary looked to mount some sort of fightback on the re-start and they pointed through Lydon Fairbrother.
But Cork put any hopes of a comeback to a shuddering halt, when Jack O'Connor slammed the ball home for the second Rebel goal of the contest.
Tipp senior Jake Morris did get a point in the latter stages, but their side were unable to get them involved often enough, although Shane Neville did grab a late consolation goal for the Premier.
It is Cork who march on and based on this showing, they will take some stopping in the Ireland series this term.
Scorers for Cork: Declan Dalton 0-7 (0-4f), Jack O'Connor 1-2 , Robbie O'Flynn 1-1 , Shane Kingston 0-4, Mark Coleman 0-3, Liam Healy 0-2, Tim O'Mahony, Conor Cahalane, Eoghan Murphy, Aaron Myers 0-1 each.
Scorers for Tipperary: Lyndon Fairbrother 0-5 (0-4f, 0-1 ‘65' ), Ger Browne 0-4, Shane Neville 1-0, Jerome Cahill 0-2, Darragh Woods, Jake Morris 0-1 each.
Cork
1. Ger Collins (Ballinhassig)
2. David Lowney (Clonakilty)
3. David Griffin (Carrigaline)
4. Niall O'Leary (Castlelyons)
5. Eoghan Murphy (Sarsfields)
6. Mark Coleman (Blarney)
7. Billy Hennessy (St Finbarr's)
17. Seadnaidh Smyth (Midleton)
9. Darragh Fitzgibbon (Charleville)
10. Robbie O'Flynn (Erin's Own)
11. Declan Dalton (Fr O'Neills)
12. Shane Kingston (Douglas)
13. Liam Healy (Sarsfields)
14. Tim O'Mahony (Newtownshandrum)
15. Jack O'Connor (Sarsfields)
Subs
21 Conor Cahalane (St Finbarr's) for Fitzgibbon (22)
20. Daire Connery (Na Piarsaigh) for Smyth (45)
23. Aaron Myers (Sarsfields) for O'Flynn (55)
8. Chris O'Leary (Valley Rovers) for Dalton (56)
22. Michael O'Halloran (Blackrock) for Healy (56)
Tipperary
1. Ciarán Barrett (Clonmel Óg)
2. Podge Campion (Drom & Inch)
3. Brian McGrath (Loughmore-Castleiney)
4. Killian O'Dwyer (Killenaule)
5. Cian Flanagan (Newport)
6. Paddy Cadell (JK Bracken's)
7. Dillon Quirke (Clonoulty-Rossmore)
8. Ger Browne (Knockavilla-Donaskeigh Kickhams)
9. Colin English (Fr Sheehy's, captain)
10. Jerome Cahill (Kilruane MacDonaghs)
11. Paudie Feehan (Killenaule)
12. Mark Kehoe (Kilsheelan-Kilcash)
13. David Gleeson (Ballinahinch)
14. Jake Morris (Nenagh Éire Óg)
19. Darragh Woods (Holycross-Ballycahill)
Subs
22. Craig Morgan (Kilruane MacDonagh's) for Campion (24)
15. Lyndon Fairbrother (JK Bracken's) for Gleeson (half-time)
18. Cian Darcy (Kilruane MacDonagh's) for Woods (half-time)
23. Shane Neville (Lattin-Cullen) for English (44)
17. Conor Stakelum (Thurles Sarsfields) for Kehoe (54)
Referee: Johnny Murphy(Limerick)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Years before Avicii died, they were open about the grueling toll their jet setting lifestyle took on him.
On Friday, the “Levels” hitmaker, who was only 28 years old, was found dead in the Middle Eastern city of Muscat, Oman. Their cause of death has yet to be revealed, but the EDM star — born Tim Bergling — suffered health problems for years.
When Avicii skyrocketed to mainstream fame with their 2013 smash hit “Wake Me Up,” they told PEOPLE they were torn about the fast living.
“I'm tried, really tired, but I've been at it since I was 17, 18 years old — touring pretty much nonstop, 300 shows a year, and it's been very hectic,” they told PEOPLE at the time. “I need a break.”
Avicii. Amy Sussman/Invision/AP/REX/Shutterstock
In a 2017 Netflix documentary, Avicii: True Stories, the deejay, perhaps presciently, said continuing to work might kill him.
“I have told them this: I wont be able to play anymore,” they said in the documentary, which has since been removed from the subscription streaming platform. “I have said, like, I'm going to die. I have said it so many times. And so I don't want to hear that I should entertain the thought of doing another gig.”
In 2012, Avicii suffered pancreatitis that would eventually lead to the removal of their gallbladder and appendix. The following year, in an interview with GQ, they admitted that performances made them “so nervous,” and they coped with the anxiety by drinking.
And in March 2016, they announced they would be retiring early from touring: “To me it was something I had to do for my health. The scene was not for me. It was not the shows and not the music,” they told The Hollywood Reporter at the time. “It was always the other stuff surrounding it that never came naturally to me. All the other parts of being an artist. I'm more of an introverted person in general. It was always very hard for me. I took on board too much negative energy, I think.”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The body of Avicii will be returned to their native Sweden this week.
The Royal Oman Police told CNN they had ruled out any suspicion of foul play. “Two postmortems were carried out … and we can confirm that there is no criminal suspicion in the death,” authorities told the outlet.
Honolulu police on Tuesday morning are investigating an apparent murder-suicide in Pauoa Valley.
Honolulu police on Tuesday morning are investigating an apparent murder-suicide in Pauoa Valley.
Domestic violence advocates say the killing of a 7-year-old boy at the hands of their father in Pauoa on Tuesday could have been prevented.
Police say Reef Aikau was stabbed to death by their father, Gerald, who later hanged himself.
Gerald Aikau was legendary waterman Eddie Aikau's nephew.
Court records show Reef Aikau's mother is traveling this summer in Europe on a trip they fought for them to take as well.
The documents also show that Gerald Aikau had a history of family abuse, and that they and their wife, Katherine, were in the middle of a bitter divorce and custody battle for their son.
Domestic violence experts say it's rare for a parent to kill a child, but it is common for abusers to use their children against a spouse.
"One of the most successful ways of ultimately tormenting your victim is by hurting their child," said Domestic Violence Action Center CEO Nanci Kreidman. "And if that was their intention, they have succeeded."
Dr. Ben Young, a psychiatrist, did not have a doctor-patient relationship with Gerald Aikau, but they are a family friend.
Young said there were "hints" that Aikau might be prone to violence.
"There were conflicts in their life. There were situations that really predicted some terrible, bad outcomes," they said. "But nothing so tragic as this."
Last October, Katherine Aikau filed a report that said their husband had accused them of infidelity, left bruises on their arm, and then knifed their sofa and destroyed everything in their home. And in March, they said in court documents that they believed they were smoking crystal meth again.
Gerarld Aikau also accused their wife of abuse and drug use.
The documents also show that Aikau had refused to let their wife take their son on a summer vacation to Europe.
They went without them and was away when they died.
"I'm terribly, terribly sorry for the Aikau family and their loss of two family members," Kreidman said. "Reef's mother will never recover from the death of their son at the hands of their father."
Police say Reef Aikau's body was discovered in their bedroom, while their father was found dead outside the family's home.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
As the Louth senior football league takes shape, Newtown Blues are beginning to show signs of making this season as successful as last year's. Okay, so the Drogheda side weren't a factor in the 2017 points competition, but they finished as county champions, and that surely meant more to them.
Blues are the only unbeaten side after three rounds, showing a consistency only Clan na Gael are able to match. Clans have dropped just one point, and in their latest outing with Sean O'Mahony's - the game the highest-scoring and most entertaining so far - played football that was very pleasing to the eye.
St. Mary's were Blues' latest victims, and, yes, this is the Mary's team that walloped Dundalk Gaels the previous week. There's that sort of inconsistency among all but the top two.
Geraldines are the only team yet to get off the mark. Short several regulars, among them county player, Jim McEneaney, the Haggardstown lads lost the basement scrap with St. Bride's on Sunday and even at this early stage appear to have it all to do.
St. Patrick's, still heavily reliant on players who brought them so much success in recent years, had a good win over Dreadnots, and Naomh Máirtín, the title-holders, were too good for Mattock Rangers. Gaels and Cooley Kickhams drew, the latter picking up their first point with a last-minute point.
As they plan for the championship clash with Carlow, county manager, Pete McGrath, has been a regular at matches, taking in as many as they can over the weekend. Reports from around the county would suggest nothing exceptional has emerged.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Trump administration on Monday banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
Venezuelan officials condemned the ban, its president suggesting charges of a "crime against humanity" could be pursued against the U.S.
In an executive order that took effect immediately upon its issuance, President Donald Trump declared illegal all U.S. transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies, coins or tokens. The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction. The move follows the introduction last month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
In the executive order, Trump said it was an "attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions" imposed for democratic backsliding.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro issued a statement saying the unilateral sanctions violate the U.N. Charter "and the most elemental principles of international law." They said charges of a "crime against humanity" could be presented to the World Court.
Diosdado Cabello, the powerful vice president of the ruling socialist party, accused "Emperor Trump" of trying to extend the financial "blockade" of Venezuela.
"It's not going to be easy to execute," Cabello said in a press conference in Caracas. "But that's what the imperialists do, they try to instill fear and scare the free people of the world."
The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions.
In February, cash-strapped Venezuela became the first country to launch its own version of bitcoin, the petro, in a move that Maduro celebrated as putting their country on the world's technological forefront.
The petro is backed by Venezuela's crude oil reserves, the largest in the world, yet it has arrived on the market as the socialist country sinks deeper into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and food shortages that put residents in lines for hours to buy common products.
Maduro had announced late last year that they were creating the digital currency to outmaneuver U.S. sanctions preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt.
Bitcoin and other digital tokens are already widely used in Venezuela as a hedge against hyperinflation and an easy-to-use mechanism for paying for everything from doctor visits to honeymoons in a country where obtaining hard currency requires transactions in the illegal black market.
The government has promised that Venezuelans will be able to use the $60 coins to pay taxes and for public services. But with the Venezuelan minimum wage hovering around $3 a month, it's unlikely citizens will buy in large amounts.
In its own statement on Monday, Treasury said it was hitting the four current and former Venezuelan officials with sanctions that freeze any assets they may have in U.S. jurisdictions and bar Americans from doing business with them.
The four include Americo Alex Mata, a director of Venezuela's National Bank of Housing and Habitat and coordinator of Maduro's 2013 campaign, Willian Antonio Contreras, the head of the body that oversees price controls in the country, Nelson Reinaldo Lepaje, the head of the Office of the National Treasury, and Carlos Alberto Rotondaro, the former president of the Board of Directors of the Venezuelan Institute of Social Security.
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, it will be T.J. Yates under center for the Houston Texans when they travel to Jacksonville for this weekend's matchup with the Jaguars. Yates played relatively well this past weekend when they replaced an injured Tom Savage. Yates was 14-of-26 for 175 yards and a pair of touchdowns, however, Houston came up short as they fell 26-16 to the San Francisco 49ers.
Texans HC Bill O'Brien said they expect TJ Yates to start Sunday vs Jaguars. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) December 11, 2017
Yates, 30, is in their third different stint with the Texans. Yates was drafted by the Texans in 2011and was on the roster until 2014 when they signed with the Atlanta Falcons. They came back to Houston for the 2015 campaign but signed with the Dolphins after the season and spent 2016 with Miami. After losing Deshaun Watson to a season-ending knee injury, Houston scrambled to address their depth at QB before resigning Yates in early November.
Wild monkeys which have more social partners from larger huddles in adverse weather and have a better chance of surviving winter, new research has found.
Behavioural ecologists studied wild Barbary macaques in Morocco and found that monkeys that had more social partners - the monkeys they groomed with - would form larger huddles at night than those animals with fewer social partners, allowing them to save more energy for growth and reproduction.
This method of keeping warm, called social thermoregulation, means that the macaques with more grooming partners would stay warmer, spend less energy on maintaining body temperature and be less exposed to environmental stress, increasing their probability of surviving winter.
The study is the first to show that such social huddling may be a mechanism that connects social bonding to higher "fitness" - the term used by scientists to measure of how well animals can cope with their local ecological conditions, usually measured by reproductive success and survival.
Dr Bonaventura Majolo, a behavioural ecologist based in the School of Psychology at the University of Lincoln, carried out the study with Liz Campbell, Programme Director at the Moroccan Primate Conservation Foundation, who previously worked as a researcher studying Barbary macaque social behaviour at the University of Lincoln.
They said: "In several species, research has found that the most sociable individuals within a group tend to experience greater survival, longevity, reproductive output, and offspring survival.
"We know from previous studies of a number of different species that forming social bonds positively affects survival and reproduction, but exactly how this happens was not clear.
"Barbary macaques were an ideal species to examine because of the varying social relationships they have with their group companions, and the extreme weather conditions they experience, such as cold and snowy winters, and hot and dry summers. We found that monkeys which were more sociable would huddle together during winter nights with their social partners, and that this led to the formation of larger huddles when it rained or the temperature dropped."
Researchers examined the grooming behaviour and hierarchy of two wild groups of Barbary macaques during the day, before recording their sleeping locations, and how many monkeys were huddled together in preparation for the night.
The air temperature and whether it had rained or snowed was also recorded, as well as the amount of time the primates spent grooming, their dominance rank, and whether the grooming pair was the same sex or opposite sex.
Researchers found that monkeys that spent more time grooming together were more likely to huddle together, and that they would gather in larger groups when there was precipitation and low temperatures. The findings support previous research that increasing huddle sizes is a behavioural response to combat the adverse impact of cold climates.
Liz Campbell, Programme Director at the Moroccan Primate Conservation Foundation, said: "Social thermoregulation through huddling, communal nesting or communal roosting, is a very widespread behaviour across a range of species, and this could therefore be a very widespread mechanism linking sociality with an evolutionary advantage.
"In the ecological conditions of our study where Barbary macaques experience severe winter energy deficits, the benefits provided by social thermoregulation can explain why more social monkeys are more likely to survive winter. In less extreme climates, more effective social thermoregulation could allow greater energetic investment in growth and reproduction, contributing to the greater longevity, reproductive output, and offspring survival experienced by more social individuals in other species.
While previous research has investigated the link between sociality and fitness, it has often explored behaviours that may not apply generally across species, such as support provided by social partners in fights, protection from infanticide, or stress reduction from grooming.
"We were searching for a behavioural mechanism which could potentially apply across a diverse range of species to explain the fitness benefit of social bonds. We hope that our study will stimulate further research in this area, helping to understand the benefit of forming and maintaining social bonds, and thus the evolution of complex sociality."
The findings have been published in the journal Scientific Reports.
###
MIAMI — David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
Their target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as they and their partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference centre, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training centre and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Judge lets challenge to census citizenship query go forward
NEW YORK (AP) — A federal judge ruled Tuesday that a legal challenge to the 2020 census can go forward, saying there was an appearance of "bad faith" behind the Trump Administration's disputed decision to add a question about citizenship.
U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman made the ruling at a hearing in federal court in Manhattan after citing contradictory statements by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross about the rationale for a plan to send a census form to every household that asks people to specify whether they are U.S. citizens.
The move has fueled worries among Democrats that it will discourage immigrants from participating in the survey, thereby diluting representation for states that tend to vote Democratic and robbing many communities of federal dollars. A coalition of about two dozen states and cities have sued the U.S. government in New York to block the plan, calling it unconstitutional.
Ross, who oversees the census, had originally said they wanted the citizenship question asked for the first time since 1950 at the behest of the Justice Department so it could better enforce the Voting Rights Act. But in a court filing, Ross later said they came up with the idea in consultation with various government officials before seeking DOJ support for it.
Furman ruled from the bench that lawyers for the states and cities had "made a strong showing of bad faith" by the federal government, and could begin deposing officials over how the decision was reached. They told them to start with lower-level officials first, then consult them if they want to question Ross.
The judge also put off a decision on a government request to throw out the suit, but called it "unlikely" that would happen.
In a statement, New York Attorney General Barbara Underwood hailed the ruling as a major step toward upholding the government's "solemn obligation to ensure a fair and accurate count of all people in this country."
There was no immediate response to a message seeking comment from the Commerce Department.
Brett Shumate, a deputy assistant attorney general, argued on Tuesday that the plaintiffs were relying on a "speculative chain of inferences" to support the suit's claim that adding the citizenship question would result in an "undercount" of people. The government has ways to ensure an accurate census, they said.
The commerce secretary "has those procedures in place and plans to count every person in America," they said.
In court papers, the plaintiffs have said that the Census Bureau's own research suggests that participation by Hispanics and other immigrants would decline if there's a citizenship question.
Wash, dry, fold, repeat- at a petrol station near you.
East End Service Station in Charlton Kings has been given the green light to keep its self-service launderette facility at the London Road site.
So while refuelling your car, you can empty your washing basket at the very same time- and you'll have over 12 hours to do it.
Cheltenham Borough Council has permitted the machines can be in operation from 7am to 9.30pm Monday to Saturday and from 8am to the same time on Sundays.
Photo-Me International Plc submitted a retrospective planning application, which means the launderette is already functioning.
Residents living nearby complained about it being illuminated and the noise from people using the machines late at night.
Yet planners agreed restricting the times it can be used would solve this problem.
"Whilst the proposal has an unusual function for its location, the structure itself, given its relatively small footprint and scale and the context of the site in which it sits, is not considered resulting in any unacceptable impact on the character of the surroundings," the planning report said.
So motorists will still be able to drive by, fill up- and sort life out one load at a time.
Share. 3TB portable hard drive for PC, Xbox One and PS4 for £79.99, 8TB external hard drive for £21 per Terabyte, save £230 on the Lenovo Ideapad 110. 3TB portable hard drive for PC, Xbox One and PS4 for £79.99, 8TB external hard drive for £21 per Terabyte, save £230 on the Lenovo Ideapad 110.
IGN Deals Facebook/Twitter
Help us get to 5000 likes! Like our pages on Facebook and Twitter to get the latest deals straight to your news feed and also to find exclusive codes that we provide for our readers.
The Best Deals Today
PlayStation Plus Membership 15 Months for the Price of 12
The PlayStation store have released a promo whereby users can get 15 months worth of PS Plus for the price of 12 (£39.99). Read more about PlayStation Store's 15 Months PS Plus for the price of 12 promos, where it also explains that PlayStation Plus prices are changing - from 00:01 BST on 31 August 2017, PlayStation will amend the price of PlayStation Plus memberships to £49.99 per annum.
Well, we can make this deal even better! CDKeys.com currently sell a £40 PlayStation Wallet top-up card for £36.99 which can be further reduced when you Facebook Like CDKeys for a 5% off code. This means you can get 15 months of PS Plus for just £35.14!!!
3TB Portable Hard Drive for PC, Xbox One and PS4 for Under £80
Buy the Toshiba Canvio Basics Portable Hard Drive for just £79.99, an ideal add-on storage for your PC, Xbox One or PS4. For perspective, the 2TB version is only £10 less!
Seagate Backup Plus External Hard Drive - £21.38 per Terabyte at Amazon
Amazon have reduced their asking price for the 8TB version of Seagate's Backup Plus Hub to £171.
Save £230 at Currys on the Lenovo Ideapad 110
Specifications include: 15.6” TN Glare display, 1.6GHz Intel Pentium N3710 Quad-core Processor, 4GB RAM, 1TB HDD and a Windows 10 Operating System.
Save 20% Each on Anker Products Offered by AnkerDirect When You Purchase 1 or More
Unfortunately, this is only for Amazon Prime members. To get displayed price, log in and then click the "promotion" button to get 20% off.
Sign up to Amazon Prime here for a free 30-day trial.
Buy the Xbox One S 1TB With FIFA 17 or Forza Horizon 3 Bundle Plus 2 Free Selected Games for Under £250
Amazing offer from Argos: Buy a Xbox One S 1TB Console with FIFA 17 or Forza Horizon 3 and get Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare plus a selection between Titanfall 2, Mass Effect: Andromeda or Cars 3: Driven to Win.
Offers end 20th August, 2017.
Xbox One S Forza Horizon 3 Bundle for £209.79
Includes Xbox One S 500GB Console, 1 Xbox Wireless Controller, full game download of Forza Horizon 3 for both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC (card with code included in box), HDMI cable (4K and HDR Capable), AC Power cable, and a 14-day Xbox Live Gold Trial
Already have the Xbox One S but want Forza 3?
Amazon Are Currently the Cheapest Place to Preorder Super Mario Odyssey for the Nintendo Switch
Cheapest price for this game so far - if you're a Prime member you can pre-order this game for £40 now. If you're not an Amazon Prime member yet, you can sign up to Amazon Prime here for a free 30-day trial.
WD Blue 4TB Desktop Hard Drive Reduced to £102.97
With better technology comes bigger storage needs. Cameras that record ultra-high definition video at 4K resolution and 30 frames per second require a ton of storage. Handling all that media is a snap with WD 4TB hard drive, capable of storing up to 281.25 hours of 4K video.
EE Data Sim Offer: 30GB per Month for £15 Instead of £30 Using Discount Code
You can get 30GB per month of 4G for just £15 per month at EE. Perfect for those who are on the go with their phones or data hungry Tablets! This Sim card will also give you free EU roaming in 48 destinations.
NOTE: This is a 30 day rolling contract. Discount code AWDATASIM2 is attached to link below. Offer ends 13th August, 2017.
Save £140 on Star Trek: The Next Generation Complete Box Set in Blu-ray
Huge savings at Zavvi for Star Trek: The Next Generation complete box set [Blu-ray] when you enter code SCIFI10 at checkout taking it down to a whooping £37.79! For perspective, Amazon has the complete box set going for £176.68.
Save £120 on Apple Watch Nike+ in Both Sizes at Nike Store
Incredible price drop for the Apple Watch Nike+ from the Nike Store - we predict these prices won't last long!
Save £30 on Lenovo Tab 4 and Lenovo Tab 3 at Argos
The Lenovo Tab 4 and Tab 3 have reduced by £30 at Argos. Both have 8-inch HD displays and 16GB storage.
Recon Tech Special Edition Xbox One Wireless Controller for Under £43
Equip yourself with the Recon Tech Special Edition Xbox One Wireless Controller, featuring a sleek, dark grey military design.
The Cheapest Place to Buy PSN
Join your friends in action-packed PS4 online multiplayer. CDKeys have dropped the asking price for a 12 Month PS Plus Membership to just £34.00 which is currently the cheapest place to purchase 12 Months of PSN. To see displayed price, Facebook like CDKeys and receive a 5% off discount code.
Comparison with other retailers:
4TB Hard Drive for PC, Xbox One and PS4 for Under £100
Buy the Seagate 4TB Expansion Hard Drive for just £99.99, an ideal add-on storage for your PC, Xbox One or PS4. For perspective, the 1TB version is only £50 less!
MOFII Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Combo for Under £8
take advantage of Amazon's £12 reduction on this product if you're needing a cheap Keyboard and Mouse for your new PC/Laptop.
PS4 Copy of Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition for Under £12
Amazon have reduced Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition to its cheapest price yet.
The Cheapest Price for a PS4 Copy of The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind
The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind is available for £13.48 at Amazon while stocks last.
Ghost in the Shell for £4.99
Pick up a Blu-ray copy of Ghost in the Shell for just under £5 (Classic Anime Japanese film).
Read IGN's 6.8/10 Ghost in the Shell Review
PS4 Physical Copy of Prey for Under £20
The cheapest price you can get a PS4 copy of Prey is at Base who are selling it for £19.99.
Torment: Tides of Numenera - Day 1 Edition for Under £8
Some back-pocket change will get you an Xbox One or a PS4 copy of Torement: Tides of Numenera - Day 1 Edition.
Acer Gaming Monitor on Sale at Amazon
Amazon have reduced their asking price for the Acer XG270HU 27-Inch Gaming Monitor by £28 today.
Buy Acer XG270HU 27-Inch Gaming Monitor for £412.43 - (save £28.56). ONLY 10 LEFT IN STOCK.
Alternatively:
Save Over 50% on Logitech Z-906 Speakers
Hear every detail, all around you, in theatre-quality sound. 500 W (RMS) of thunderous audio turns any night into opening night.
Need a USB Stick?
Save £7 at Currys and get the SanDisk Ultra Flair 32GB delivered to your house for just £9.99
Preorder Uncharted: The Lost Legacy + Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy for £22.85
Released on 23rd August, 2017, ShopTo are the cheapest retailer to pre-order Uncharted: The Lost Legacy with Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy.
Get 3 for 2 on Selected Bethesda Games
Including A-list titles such as Fallout 4, Skyrim, Prey, and many more. What makes this deal from GAME even better is that £1 from every game sold will be donated to raising funds for Special Effect; The Gamers' Charity. Read more information here.
Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Splatoon 2 Edition for £64
The Splatoon 2 edition of the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller has just released and both Splatoon 2 and Standard edition pro controllers are available for £59.99 at Amazon.
Save £45 on a Sekonda Watch
It may be cheap, but it certainly doesn't look it. Amazon have reduced Sekonda Gents Brown Dial Date Strap WR Watch 3882 from £60 to £15.00.
Xbox Wireless Controller With Rocket League and 3 Months Xbox Live for Under £55
GAME has just released this amazing bundle:
Get Amazon's #1 Best Selling Printer for Under £100
The Brother HL3140CW A4 Colour Laser Wireless Printer has savings of over £75!
PS4 Pro 1TB Bundle With inFAMOUS: Second Son and Now TV
With advanced 4k technology, HDR content and high resolution display with 8 million pixels providing extraordinary depth and detail, witness gaming like you never have before. Bundle includes inFAMOUS: Second Son and Now TV 2 Month Sky Cinema Pass.
Snag a Copy of Yakuza 0 for Cheap
ShopTo have reduced their asking price for Yakuza 0 to £21.85, making it the cheapest price it has been since its release.
Save Over £100 on These Highly-Rated Bang & Olufsen In-Ear Headphones
BeoPlay H3 ANC is a premium, Active Noise Cancellation in-ear headphone tuned for music lovers who want to experience all the details of their music, even in noisy environments.
When the minimum wage goes up, the robots come for people's jobs. That's the upshot of a paper published today on the National Bureau of Economic Research's website (abstract, full PDF paywalled), which analyzed how changes to the minimum wage from 1980 to 2015 affected low-skill jobs in various sectors of the U.S. economy.
Federal minimum wage is currently $7.25 an hour, the same level it's been at since 2009. But 30 states have laws on the books that mandate a higher wage—it's $11 in Washington State, for example, and Seattle recently voted to phase in a pay hike that would bring it to $15 by 2022. Such measures are designed to ensure that "minimum wage" is the same thing as a "living wage."
Interestingly, a study of Seattle's new law, released in June, suggested that cuts to working hours meant people were actually losing as $125 a month.
The new analysis, by Grace Lorden of the London School of Economics and David Neumark at the University of California, Irvine, suggests that there's a similar negative effect among people who work minimum-wage jobs that machines can do. The researchers found that across all industries they measured, raising minimum wage by $1 equates to a decline in "automatable" jobs—things like packing boxes or operating a sewing machine—of 0.43 percent.
That may not sound like much, but we're talking about millions of jobs across the entire U.S. economy. And certain industries were affected far more than others—in manufacturing, an uptick of $1 in minimum wage drove employment in automatable jobs down a full percentage point.
Of course, we know that automation is already gobbling up jobs in the U.S. (see "Who Will Own the Robots?"). This latest study suggests that even wage policies designed to help America's workforce may instead be speeding up that process.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun, a grandmother is trying to take back their neighborhood from the drug dealers they say ripped it apart.
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN their message for any criminals at work near their Haughville, Indiana block: “It is loaded. Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood.”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot them and their 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday.
“He pulled their gun out and when I saw the gun come out that is when I grabbed my gun,” McIntosh said.
The no-nonsense granny said they grabbed their loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $20.00 for their grandson's Spice debt.
“If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids, you get what you deserve,” McIntosh said.
McIntosh told WXIN that their grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago.
“I do not see what they get out of it," they said. "Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them.”
McIntosh is trying to help them get clean, but said Spice dealers are on every street near their house on N. Berwick.
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis. Just this month, emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh's home.
“Back in my day, it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine. That is all my parents had to worry about. This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals. Whatever they decide to spray on it. Any way that they can get high,” McIntosh said.
Just last year, McIntosh's pregnant granddaughter, 18-year-old Brittany McNew, was murdered near Haughville.
“She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice,” said McIntosh.
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said they will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers.
“Get off your lazy rump and get a job. Quit pushing drugs on these kids,” McIntosh said.
39.768403 -86.158068
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) - Alabama officials were ordered to release information about the state's lethal injection procedure as a federal judge granted news organizations' request to unseal records in the wake of an aborted execution.
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre ruled Wednesday that the public has a "common law right of access to the sealed records relating to Alabama's lethal injection protocol." However, Bowdre said the state can keep some information secret in the interest of security, such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions.
The judge ordered the state to tell them by June 7 if there is identifying information in any of the records that the court plans to make public.
Alabama for years has released scant details about its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used.
A spokesperson for Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said the office is reviewing the order.
The Associated Press, The Montgomery Advertiser and the Alabama Media Group had filed a motion seeking the release of the protocol.
The motion was filed in federal court in a lawsuit brought by death row inmate Doyle Lee Hamm. Alabama halted Hamm's execution in February when the execution team could not connect an intravenous line to Hamm, who had damaged veins because of lymphoma, hepatitis and past drug use.
"It may also help the public to understand how the same scenario might be repeated or avoided under the protocol as it currently stands," Bowdre wrote of the release of the information.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) - A Maryland police detective who was addicted to opioids and solicited prostitutes while on duty has been sentenced to five years of probation after pleading guilty to two misconduct charges.
The Capital Gazette reports that Brian Houseman also agreed to resign from Anne Arundel County's force after more than a decade as a detective.
Houseman choked through tears at their sentencing as they apologized for the "embarrassment" they caused the police department. Defense attorney John Robinson III says their client has now "lost the career they loved."
The newspaper reports that prosecutors dropped two other misconduct allegations as part of a plea agreement.
___
Information from: The Capital, http://www.capitalgazette.com/
The Tennessee Titans are 8-5 on the season and seem destined for a playoff berth. But the team's winning record has little to do with their offense - in particular, Marcus Mariota.
The former St. Louis standout and former Heisman Trophy winner was supposed to have a breakout season in 2017 after throwing for 3,426 yards, 26 touchdowns and nine interceptions a year ago.
Instead, he's playing the worst football of their professional career.
Through 13 games, Mariota has thrown 2,582 yards, 10 touchdowns and 14 interceptions.
“I expect myself to do my job, and that's taking care of the football and converting third downs,” Mariota said via the Titans' official team website. “And I haven't been up to par. I have to be better.”
Only one player has thrown more interceptions this season than Mariota, and that's Cleveland Browns rookie quarterback Deshone Kizer, who was benched earlier this season and then later returned to the starting lineup for the 0-13 Browns.
In their past five games, Mariota has thrown four touchdowns along with nine interceptions. Their passer rating on the season is 76.9, the sixth-worst rating in the NFL ahead of only Trevor Siemian (74.4), Brian Hoyer (74.1), Tom Savage (71.4), C.J. Beathard (69.2) and the asupervisorstioned rookie, Kizer (61.2).
So what happened to Mariota, the former No. 2 overall pick in the 2015 NFL Draft who set the world on fire during their collegiate career at the University of Oregon? For one, Mariota doesn't look comfortable throwing the ball in the pocket.
Mariota's footwork here causes the ball to die midair. pic.twitter.com/A51BkuAmkn — Cian Fahey (@Cianaf) December 11, 2017
Whether their knee injury is affecting the way they throw the ball is irrelevant when you say some of the decisions he's making downfield.
In a 12-7 loss to the Arizona Cardinals this past Sunday, Mariota threw for 159 yards, zero touchdowns and two interceptions including a head-scratching turnover on a ball that should have never been thrown in the fourth quarter of a close game.
“Frustration's an understatement,” Mariota said post-game. “Defense played lights out, special teams did their job, I hurt our team. I got to find ways to get better and improve on … It's on us. It's on the offense. The defense played outstanding, they have been all year. We just haven't been able to put the ball in the end zone and score points.”
While Mariota is struggling to throw the football, play-calling is also an issue in Tennessee. Too often are plays stuffed at the line of scrimmage, especially on quick screen passes to wideouts on the sideline.
I too can't believe Mariota's numbers are bad in an offense that gives them genius play calling. pic.twitter.com/E6fdyVd6dN — Jonathan Kinsley (@Brickwallblitz) December 6, 2017
The film doesn't lie when it comes to how uncreative the Titans offense has been this season, and many NFL pundits are beginning to take notice:
Infuriating watching Mularkey turn Mariota into pure vanilla with this offense while Bortles turns it loose. May be the difference in the South when it's done. — Rich Eisen (@richeisen) December 10, 2017
Marcus Mariota has not been good this year, but the entire offense has struggled. Play calling, run game, receivers -- they're all accountable. And don't forget they had a broken leg all offseason and a bad hamstring injury during the year. #Titans — Steve Layman (@SteveLayman) December 10, 2017
Conservative football doesn't win games, regardless of the team's 8-5 record thus far. To win in the postseason, the Titans offense has to make plays and that starts and ends with Mariota.
Despite Mariota's poor performances, however, the rest of their teammates aren't calling for change under center anytime soon:
"Marcus (Mariota) is a hell of a player. I don't want to block for any other quarterback." - Taylor Lewan pic.twitter.com/lf0fpjVEs1 — Tennessee Titans (@Titans) December 11, 2017
Mariota has proven in their short time in the NFL that they have the talent to be a franchise quarterback, but improvements must be made moving forward if the Titans are to be considered a viable contender in the years to come.
All stats are courtesy of ESPN.com unless otherwise noted.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. - Independence police are investigating after a man was shot at a Burger King on Dover Drive Monday morning.
A call came in around 9:30 a.m. for an aggravated assault. Police said there was an argument and a man was shot. They suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
There is no suspect description at this time.
This is a developing story. Stay with KSHB.com for updates.
By acting out scenarios commonly seen in the clinic, real-life transgender actors can help residents learn to provide more sensitive care to people with a different gender identity than the one they were assigned at birth. This is the main finding of a study published online June 15 in the Journal of Graduate Medical Education.
"The opportunity to interact with a transgender patient in a low-stakes setting during medical training increased trainees' comfort during future real-world outpatient encounters," says Richard E. Greene, MD, lead author of the study, from NYU Langone Medical Center. "Even those who had baseline knowledge of care for transgender patients before the study found that learning in this safe, simulated way added value in helping them provide more sensitive care for transgender patients," adds Greene, an assistant professor in the Department of Medicine at NYU Langone.
As NYU Langone's director of gender and health education, Greene designed the current study after many conversations with transgender patients who reported feeling discomfort, discrimination, and insensitivity in health care settings.
To study the problem, the research team employed a common teaching strategy that uses a "standardized patient," an average person trained to consistently portray a patient in a certain medical situation. Each trainee in a class interviews the patient, seeking to determine the person's medical needs, communicate options, and offer reassurance. The new NYU research is one of the first published studies to employ transgender persons as standardized patients.
For the study, a transgender actor/standardized patient, who acted out a common outpatient scenario, rated the 23 internal medicine residents on their ability to communicate and to leave the patient satisfied with the interaction. The average scores using a newly designed behavioral measure achieved by the residents were 89 percent for overall communication and 85 percent for satisfaction.
Interestingly, the scores did not differ significantly from those achieved in nine control cases in which the standardized patients were not transgender. "This suggests that transgender standardized patients can be just as effective as straight cisgender (or non-transgender) patients in teaching doctors," says Greene.
In the specific clinical scenario used in the study, the transgender actor was taking the anti-androgen hormone spironolactone for reducing masculinization, along with the feminizing hormone estradiol. They also came in for hypertension and had dangerously high blood levels of potassium, a condition known as hyperkalemia. The patient then expressed the desire to undergo an orchiectomy, a procedure for removing the testicles.
The residents were tasked with exploring and respecting the patient's treatment goals, given their hormonal transition hormone therapy, and to make a plan for managing their hypertension and hyperkalemia. Additionally, the researchers wanted to see whether the residents asked questions that indicated sensitivity, like a patient's preferred pronoun and gender identity, as well as to learn whether the discussion covered sexuality, sexual activity, and associated risks.
The results indicate that good communications skills helped some residents overcome their lack of transgender-specific clinical acumen and that going through this scenario training with a transgender actor helped them to shed preconceptions and be better prepared for the clinic.
On the other hand, most residents in the study did not directly address the patient's gender identity and long-term goals of care, says Greene. "This underscores the need to include transgender standardized patients in our teaching and curricula. Without them, a substantial gap in care remains."
###
A 2016 Williams Institute analysis of federal data found that 1.4 million adults identify as transgender across the United States. This figure is double that found a decade earlier.
In addition to Dr. Greene, Kathleen Hanley, MD, Tiffany E. Cook, BGS, Colleen Gillespie, PhD, and Sondra Zabar, MD, all from NYU, were study coauthors. Health Resources Services Administration Grant #T0BHP285770100) provided funding for this research.
Media Inquiries:
Deborah (DJ) Haffeman
Phone: 212-404-3567
deborah.haffeman@nyumc.org
About NYU Langone Medical Center:
From cab to Uber to cab, drivers try to find a way to make a living
From cab to Uber to cab, drivers try to find a way to make a living May 17
Getting city workers to suburban jobs is tough. A program trying to help is under threat
Getting city workers to suburban jobs is tough. A program trying to help is under threat May 30
Just about every railroad track in SEPTA's system — and PATCO's, too — was placed where it is to get workers to jobs. When those systems were built, that meant getting into Philadelphia.
A lot has changed since those rails were put down in the first half the 20th century; Philadelphia isn't the employment hub it was then. Now, about 232,000 people, close to 40 percent of the city's working population, leave the city each day for their jobs. And suburban employment is diffuse, decentralized, and for many of the city's poor, virtually inaccessible.
>>READ MORE: The long ride
While redesigning SEPTA's service and encouraging more employers to come to the city or locate near transit hubs may be long-term solutions, the Philadelphia Unemployment Project is trying to respond to today's reality. Its executive director, John Dodds, noted that about 80 percent of the region's commuters get to work by driving, but 36 percent of Philadelphians don't have a car. The PUP has created a car-pool service to get workers to suburban jobs not easily accessible by public transportation.
“The way the suburbs are set up,” Dodds said, “they're set up for cars.”
So far they have 64 people who take advantage of 13 carpools, a tiny number in the context of Philadelphia's 25 percent poverty rate, the worst of any big city in the country. They believe, though, that a scaled-up car-pool service is a viable supplement to connect the city's poor with jobs. Yet even as Dodds considers a broader service, he's facing the possibility of losing what already exists.
The 12-year-old program has had multiple sources of funding over the years but more recently has relied heavily on PennDot to provide the $367,000 budget. State funding requires a 15 percent match, but the program has had trouble finding the money. It has now turned to the city, which has never contributed to the program. Dodds is concerned that Mayor Kenney has not yet committed to including in the coming year city budget the $55,000 needed to sustain the program. The program does have the support of 13 of Philadelphia's 17 Council members.
At a news conference Wednesday at City Hall, Dodds, City Council members, and car-pool participants pleaded not just for the matching funds needed, but for a $250,000 commitment from the city — enough money to expand the program to aid 300 people.
“We've got to find a way to make this system work,” said Randy Barge, pastor of First Presbyterian Church in Olney. “SEPTA is not going to be able to provide bus service throughout the suburbs.”
The mayor's office sidestepped the question of whether Kenney would support the request for funding, saying it was working with SEPTA on projects like trolley modernization and an upgrade to the bus network to improve job access.
PennDot reported that it could continue funding the program conditionally, but a municipal source of funding would have to be found.
Darryl Douglass, 62, gets to a manufacturing job in Swedesboro, N.J., by meeting a car-pool driver at John F. Kennedy and Roosevelt Boulevards about 1:15 p.m. each workday. The 30-minute commute takes a third the time it would take for them to try to get to the job by public transportation, which would involve a bus ride and walking more than a mile.
“I wouldn't be going over to Jersey unless I was guaranteed a ride there and back,” they said.
The PUP finds riders and drivers from job-placement organizations. Drivers are selected from those who have licenses and are approved by Enterprise Rent-A-Car, which provides the vehicles. The drivers are given the vehicles to use as their own within some limits, as long as they provide rides to others, Dodds explained. Drivers and riders alike pay $6-a-day round trip.
Council members Cherelle Parker and Helen Gym spoke in favor of the program. Parker described it as a tool that could boost people living in city neighborhoods at Philadelphia's borders.
“This is about neighborhood preservation for me,” Parker said.
Whether a car-pooling service is an effective answer to the disconnect between workers and jobs is uncertain, though. Seattle offers a van share and van pool program that served about 11,000 riders in 2016, according to King County Metro. But Philadelphia's unemployment rate of about 5 percent, or close to 50,000 people, may be more significant than a pool service can effectively address.
>>READ MORE: An ‘uncomfortable' life: Philly still America's poorest big city
“The hardest thing you can ask public transit to do is to really serve low-density and scattered locations,” said Jon Orcutt, communications director for the New York philanthropic organization TransitCenter. “It's one of the things we don't do well in the United States is to sort of match up where people are to where they need to be.”
Gym, in an interview after the event, acknowledged that carpooling wouldn't solve the problem of unemployment and job access but said that broadening this service was a step toward getting past municipal divides and thinking of employment as a regional problem.
“Programs like this help you get started,” they said, “help you get started.”
Philadelphia Media Network is one of 19 news organizations producing Broke in Philly, a collaborative reporting project on solutions to poverty and the city's push toward economic justice. Read more at brokeinphilly.org or follow @BrokeInPhilly
Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa has announced that a general election will be held on July 30 - a vote that could be crucial to securing foreign investment. David Doyle reports.
While the Scheldt estuary may look extremely wide, the passageway for big ships is very small. The vessel had just left the port this morning and was bound for Hamburg when things went wrong.
The Bocht van Bath is one of the most hazardous sections of the Western Scheldt. However, the accident was due to a technical failure, Annik Dirkx of the Antwerp Port Company told the VRT. Because of the failure, the ship could no longer be manoeuvred correctly.
The giant went straight ahead, running into the shore at a relatively high speed of 12 knots, it is said (over 20 km/u). The VRT's Luc De Smet said the scene looks like the ship almost continued straight into a small village.
Boise State was coming off a bye last weekend and had almost two weeks to prepare for the Cougars. But it doesn't get any easier for BYU, which had a bye before it lost to Utah State last week. Next week's BYU opponent, Mississippi State, has a bye this weekend. Another BYU opponent, San Jose State, will have a bye before it plays the Cougars on Oct. 28.
Further Reading After suggesting that Fortnite is a priority, Epic shuts down another F2P game Game makers looking for inspiration or stock content to use in their Unreal Engine projects now have access to thousands of skins, animations, effects, dialogue snippets, and environment components from Paragon, the company's defunct free-to-play "action MOBA." Epic is making the audio and visual assets from the game available for free use in Unreal Engine projects, with "no strings attached," through its Unreal Engine Marketplace, starting today.
Following the stratospheric success of Fortnite and its compelling Battle Royale mode, Epic slowly shifted focus away from Paragon in recent months. Epic then announced in January that the game's servers would be shutting down in April, a disappointing fate for a title with a $12 million development budget and a total lifespan of roughly 20 months.
All that development work won't be totally wasted, though, as what Epic says are more than 2 million registered Unreal Engine developers can now use the game's assets "in their own UE4 projects."
The released assets include files for 20 Paragon hero characters, complete with "base meshes, thousands of textures, VFX and animation cycles, and dialogue with hundreds of sound cues," Epic said. Shinbi's character pack also includes a tailorable animation blueprint that beginning animators can play with for reference.
Developers will also get access to 1,500 environmental assets from the game's Agora and Monolith maps and a sample map to test them on. The company also promised "millions of dollars' worth of additional Paragon asset packs" to come through the spring and summer.
Epic has previously released similar free asset packs drawn from mobile hit Infinity Blade and from its evocative "Soul" engine demos. This is Epic's first such free release of assets from a big-budget PC game, though.
Epic's situation here is kind of unique, since it has a marketable game engine to promote and an attention-grabbing Fortnite cash cow, which means it can effectively give away the Paragon IP without issue. Still, we wouldn't mind seeing other developers emulating Epic here and freeing the hard work developers put into failed and shuttered projects. We're looking at you and all the beautiful, no-longer-used assets for Evolve, 2K Games.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
The Martin County Sheriff's office says one of its helicopters spotted two teens burglarizing vehicles in a local neighborhood. The incident occurred Friday night after authorities were alerted to burglars in one Martin County neighborhood. Air 1 Pilot Deputy Sean Marston and Tactical Flight Officer Deputy Pat McFall reported spotting the suspects in action. According to the report, 14-year-old Mirla Kroll was found checking for unlocked vehicles while their friend, who was not identified, stood in the road. Deputies on the ground immediately swarmed the teens and took them both into custody.
Kroll was charged with three counts of burglary to a conveyance, while the other teen is not facing any charges. Authorities did, however, notify the teen's parents of the incident.
The post Teens Caught on Police Helicopter Surveillance Breaking into Cars appeared first on 850 WFTL.
WILLARD, Mo. -(02/14/17) Willard has confirmed cases of mumps in their school district, adding to the growing number of cases in the Ozarks.
Over the weekend, Willard Central Elementary reported a staff member tested positive for mumps. The district said that two other students have shown symptoms, as well, and are currently awaiting their results.
The CDC is still working to determine the cause of the confirmed case. However, they said it could be the result of a vaccination the staff member received three weeks ago.
The school district is working hard to disinfect the school but encourages students to contact their health care provider and get immunized against mumps if they haven't already.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - The state oil company of the energy-rich capital of the United Arab Emirates says it has signed a deal worth $1.45 billion with French oil giant Total SA granting it stakes in offshore fields.
The Abu Dhabi National Oil Co. made the announcement in a statement Sunday.
It said Total would be granted a 20 percent stake in the Umm Shaif and Nasr concessions and a 5 percent stake in the Lower Zakum concession, paying participation fees of $1.15 billion and $300 million, respectively.
The oil firm says the deals have a 40-year term.
Lower Zakum produces some 450,000 barrels of oil per day, while the Umm Shaif and Nasr fields produce some 460,000, as well as some 500 million standard cubic feet per day of natural gas.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A Galway junior minister says the proposed extension of the Western Rail Corridor should be abandoned.
Galway East TD and Diaspora Minister Ciaran Cannon says it follows the decision of freight company DFDS to cease operating its freight train service between Waterford and Ballina.
Junior Minister Ciaran Cannon says the ending of the freight route between Waterford Port and Ballina will have a major impact on the campaign for the extension of the Western Rail Corridor.
For more, tune in to Galway Bay fm news at 4…
[India], Apr 24 (ANI): Following their sensational claim that Parliament is not immune to practices like casting couch, Congress MP Renuka Chowdhury on Tuesday clarified that casting couch implies taking away privileges from women and using it for one's personal benefit.
In a press conference called by Chowdhury, media persons questioned that they were conflating two different situations, given the casting couch was specific to the film and TV industry. To this, Chowdhury responded, "What is casting couch? It is a terminology, it is not narrowed down to one sphere. It means that you will take away the privileges of a woman and use it for your personal benefit, or in lieu of other compensations."
They added that their dignity as a woman was also taken away in the Parliament when Prime Minister Narendra Modi mocked them for laughing in the middle of their speech, in February, "My dignity as a woman was taken away in Parliament, when Prime Minister spoke in derogatory way. How can a Prime Minister say that I remind them of Surpanakha?" "When Home Minister (MoS) Kiren Rijiju posts offensive videos against me because I dared to speak, or when they talk in the way that is derogatory to my status as a woman, it exists in the Parliament," they continued. The Congress leader further said that sexual harassment was also commonplace in the social media. "Government is bringing an ordinance to hang such people; that is the last mile, what are you doing to prevent rape?" Chowdhury questioned. Following choreographer Saroj Khan's remark in defence of the practices of casting couch in the film industry, Chowdhury told ANI that Parliament and other workplaces were also not immune to it. Earlier in the day, Khan had said at an event, "Someone or the other always tries to take an advantage of a girl. The government officials do it too, then why are we only behind the film industry? It (casting couch) provides livelihood at least." (ANI)
A special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court on Wednesday convicted and sentenced 11 people of Bharat Nepali gang for murdering gangster Fareed Tanasha in 2010.
Six out of 11 people have been sentenced to life term in jail and five others have been sentenced to 10 years in jail.
Tanasha was an alleged aide of gangster Chhota Rajan.
Convicts Jafar Razi Alam Khan, Mohd Sakin Khan, Ravi Prakash Singh, Pankaj Singh, Randheer Singh and Mohd Rafique Sheikh were awarded life terms.
Ravindra Varekar, Vishwanath Shetty, Dattatreya Bhakre, Rajendra Chavan, Dinesh Bhandari were sentenced to 10 years in jail. (ANI)
JOHANNESBURG - Pharmaceutical company, Kiara Health has been awarded the Africa Visionary Innovation Leadership Award by Frost & Sullivan for its efforts to raise the level of healthcare delivery in sub-Saharan Africa and for its technologies which include robotic devices and point-of-care diagnostic tools.
"Kiara Health's nuanced understanding of the fast-growing sub-Saharan market allows it to tap into the opportunities presented by markets like South Africa, Kenya, Ethiopia, and Nigeria," said Takudzwa Musiyarira, a research analyst at Frost & Sullivan.
“Its footprint in these four key markets makes it the ideal partner for the in-licensing, registering, and commercialisation of products from highly regulated markets."
Kiara Health was formed some 18 months ago with the vision of becoming a pan-African pharmaceutical company with a mission to play a pivotal role in the overall improvement in the quality of life of people on the continent, president and CEO Dr Skhumbuzo Ngozwana said.
They said healthcare systems were facing significant challenges the world over in an uncertain regulatory landscape.
"As science develops, the nature of the products that we bring to the market and the ability to determine what is safe and not safe – means that the complexity of these markets is increasing. Regulatory systems have to keep up with that," Ngozwana said.
"By necessity, the burden placed on companies to prove that their products are safe and effective is therefore rightfully increasing. When you put a product on the market, you need to be sure that it will be both beneficial and safe for patients."
Kiara Health supplies therapeutic and physiological goods across disciplines such as respiratory, infectious diseases, oncology, cardio-metabolic, the central nervous system, analgesia, dermatology, anaesthesia, the gastrointestinal tract, and the genito-urinary tract.
- African News Agency (ANA)
© REUTERS/ Alaa Al-Marjani Canadian Military Ready to Defend Iraqi Trainees From Daesh Attacks
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Sixty members of the Royal Canadian Airforce (CAF) have been deployed to provide tactical aviation for Canada's trainers, advisors and special-forces in the war against Daesh in northern Iraq, the nation's Defense Ministry announced in a press release on Monday.
"We provide air power that integrates with and supports our CAF and coalition partners," Canadian Air Division Commander Maj. Gen. Christian Drouin stated in the release. "The tactical helicopter detachment is a crucial component of this commitment."
Members of the 408th Tactical Helicopter Squadron, based in the province of Alberta, are replacing members of an existing chopper squadron as part of a normal force rotation, the release explained.
Up to four CH-146 Griffon helicopters provide in-theatre tactical transport for Canadian troops, special-forces and material near Erbil, Iraq, the release noted.
Venezuela: The Struggle Continues
What is the future for Venezuela in the face of continued US sanctions? John Wight is joined by Jorge Martin from Hands Off Venezuela, to discuss the significance of President Maduro's re-election in a socialist nation struggling to stand against the powers of western imperialism...
With the US, Canada, and EU refusing to recognize the re-election of Nicolas Maduro as Venezuelan President, joined by 14 fellow Latin American governments under the rubric of the Lima Group in alleging electoral fraud, Maduro's problems may be about to intensify rather than lessen with their victory.
What cannot be refuted is that given the scale of the economic crisis that has engulfed the country — a sharp drop in oil prices, hyper-inflation, shortages, and mass emigration — Maduro's election victory is a testament to the political consciousness of the Venezuelan people after almost two decades of a Bolivarian revolutionary process begun by the late Hugo Chavez.
How long can it last under such grievous conditions and with such inordinate external pressure being arrayed against it, the key question is how long it can survive without beginning to emerge from this economic collapse.
'Socialism builds and capitalism destroys,' Hugo Chavez once said. What cannot be gainsaid is that in 2018 capitalism is trying to destroy the Bolivarian Revolution.
Hard Facts is out every Wednesday. You can join in the conversation here.
New Delhi, India- 30-05-2018 Sagar Informatics's trusted Identity Verification Software as a Service connects to your product, app, or service to verify your customers' real world identities. With a simple ID scan and real-time selfie, Sagar Informatics lets you accurately and seamlessly knows and trusts your customer.
Online Identity Verification Software Service
Find out how you can optimize your customer acquisition processes through online channels and reduce identity fraud. Our multi-channel solution allows your customers to self-enroll online with their Smartphone, quickly and easily, anytime anywhere.
ID Verification to apply for an e-visa
In order to verify the applicant's identity online, Sagar Informatics proposes an online Customer ID Verification Software that automatically verifies electronic and physical security features of identity documents. This ID verification software combined with bio metric identification allows ensuring that the document bearer is the rightful owner and is entitled to apply for a visa.
In store Identity Verification Service
Reduce identity fraud and streamline your sales processes: with our automated, easy to use ID verification service, benefit from a systematic approach across all your stores and improve your customer care activities.
How to verify ID
Travel and identity document verification forms an integral part of sensitive processes like enrollment and registration, as well as in situations where certified identity is crucial – such as at border stations or during bank transactions.
Reliable verification is vital to combating identity fraud and related criminal activities and part of Sagar Informatics's secure identification and authentication solutions.
These procedures known as KYC (Know Your Customer) are used by public and private sector institutions, document verification agencies, to combat identity or financial fraud as well as to comply with international regulations against money laundering and terrorist financing.
Sagar Informatics ID Verification is a distributed software system that automatically verifies the electronic and physical security features of identity documents.
Passports,
Visas,
ID cards,
Driver's licenses
And many other identity documents can be checked against templates that are stored in a database, administrated centrally and automatically synchronized into all local repositories.
When an ID is checked by our ID verification app, you know in seconds that it is a genuine government-issued identity document.
Integrate document verification in your process
More than just software, Sagar Informatics ID Verification is a full customization editing platform that enables our customers to pilot each and every verification action on any identity document.
As part of our Border and Visa Management suite, Sagar Informatics ID Verification can be deployed together with our biometric identification solution to determine whether the document bearer is the rightful owner.
Document checking for public and private sectors
Our document checking solution also addresses the needs of the private sector (telecom, currency exchange, money transfer, post offices, car rental companies and more).
ORANGE, the leading Mobile Network Operator, rolled out Sagar Informatics ID Verification in some 100 stores across India in 2016 and 2017. In some stores, the fraud rates were slashed by up to 100%. Discover more benefits by visiting our case study page on ORANGE.
It can be delivered as a standalone application or a software development kit (SDK) that integrates into a proprietary or third-party system.
Discover our latest document reader portfolio for banks and retail, hotels and casinos in addition to border control.
You can also leverage bio metric identification with our face recognition solutions in addition to document verification.
As a leading Software Development Company in Delhi, We will love to hear from you so don't hesitate to send us an email as soon as you want! Start by Booking a FREE Demo!
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, right, and Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service speak at an SBU news conference on May 30, 2018 in Kiev.. Babchenko showed up one day after they had purportedly been killed in a police ruse to try to catch a person who ordered them shot. .
Efrem Lukatsky, AP
Arkady Babchenko, a fiercely anti-Kremlin journalist who had been reported shot and killed in Kiev, showed up alive Wednesday at a news conference to explain that police faked their death to catch the man who ordered a hit on him.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor at the news conference in the Ukrainian capital and apologized to the friends and family — including their wife — who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
Their wife, who was unaware of the plot, found them outside their apartment entrance Tuesday evening "bleeding" from what they thought were gunshot wounds to their back. As part of the ruse, police claimed they died in an ambulance en route to the hospital.
“I want to say sorry for what you felt. I had to bury my friends and colleagues many times,” Babchenko told reporters at the televised briefing at the offices of the Ukrainian Security Service, the Kyiv Post reports.
According to the Ukrainian Security Service, Russian special services allegedly ordered Babchenko killed and paid an unnamed Ukrainian citizen $40,000 to organize the killing. The Ukrainian Security Service said he, in turn, paid a potential gunman $30,000 to carry out the hit, the newspaper says.
But when the security service learned of the plot, they recruited the gunman to work for them as a double agent to fake the shooting and arrest the organizer, who has been apprehended.
The security service said, according to the Post, that Babchenko's death was intended to be the first of some 30 planned killings of Russian citizens in Ukraine allegedly ordered by Russian special services.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the security service, explained the elaborate scheme, which had been in the works for a month, to reporters at the news conference where Babchenko appeared.
On Facebook, Ukrainian prime minister Petro Poroshenko congratulated the security services for the "brilliant operation," but said the threat continues.
"Moscow is hardly likely to settle down," they said. "I have ordered that Arkady and their family be provided with 24-hour security."
On Tuesday, Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, had been shot three times in the back outside their apartment building and was found bleeding to death by their wife.
National Police spokesperson Yaroslav Trakalo had told reporters that the purported killer had been waiting for Babchenko in the stairwell. A police composite portrait even described the "killer" as a tall man with a grey beard, in their 40s. They were wearing a denim hat, jacket and jeans, according to the Kyiv Post.
Babchenko, 41, served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s, and hosts a news program on Ukraine's ATR channel. Babchenko has assailed Moscow's annexation of Crimea, its support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Reporters, police and neighbors gather at the entrance of the building where journalist Arkady Babchenko was shot dead in their apartment on May 29, 2018.
Sergei Supinsky, AFP/Getty Images
Some of their articles and posts outraged many Russians. In one, they said they felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria. Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of their citizenship over the comment.
In the wake of the purported death, Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Facebook they were convinced that "the Russian totalitarian machine didn't forgive their honesty and integrity. A real friend of Ukraine who told the truth about Russian aggression.”
Mikhail Fedotov, head of the Kremlin human rights council and head of the Russian Union of Journalists, said Babchenko had their "own special vision of the world, with their very critical view of Russian politics. That's why their murder is openly provocative.”
In New York, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Twitter that "Ukrainian authorities should conduct a swift and thorough investigation" into Babchenko's murder.
The Russian Foreign Ministry also weighed in, saying “bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine for the Kiev regime" and demanded a prompt investigation.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian lawmaker who serves as an adviser to the interior minister, said on Facebook that investigators would be looking at "Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine."
In 2016, Ukranian-Belarussian journalist Pavel Sheremet, who had also left Russia, was killed by car bomb in central Kiev as they were driving to work, according to the Kyiv Post.
Contributing: Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
RELATED: Tigers snap Minnewaska's win streak, prep girls basketball, Morris/C-A athletics
Correy Hickman powered the Tigers with three threes en route to team high 17 points. They also collected a team high six assists.
Ashley Solvie added 11 points and eight rebounds. Jenna Howden grabbed a team high 10 rebounds.
The Tigers travel to Melrose Thursday, Feb. 16, then host a pair of girl/boy doubleheaders. On Saturday, Feb. 18, the Tigers host Lac qui Parle Valley. Girls tip off at 2:30 p.m. Then on Monday, Feb. 20, the Tigers host West Central Area with the girls tipping off at 6 p.m.
Morris/C-A 43, Sisseton 33
Morris/C-A (12-9)...........27 16 – 43
Sisseton...........................22 11 – 33
MORRIS AREA/CHOKIO-ALBERTA – Scoring: Correy Hickman 17, Ashley Solvie 11, Riley Decker 8, Maddie Carrington 2, Malory Anderson 1
3-point shots: Hickman 3, Decker 2, Dietz 1… Rebound leader: Jenna Howden 10, A. Solvie 8… Assist leader: Decker 2, Hickman 2, N. Solvie 2, A. Solvie 2… Steal leader: Hickman 6
SISSETON – No stats provided
(ABC NEWS)- A Navy corpsman's mom hopes their missing son is still alive after they vanished following a night on the town with a few Marine buddies, taking in a state fair and having drinks at a popular bar, ABC News has learned.
Seaman Shaun Palmer, 24, who is assigned to the Marine Corps Base in Hawaii, was last seen at Kelley O'Neil's around 4 a.m. Sunday. They ordered and then canceled two rideshare pickups on their mobile phone — and hasn't been heard from since.
“I'm praying he's just really sick or maybe they got beaten up and their phone broke down and he's hurting but safe,” their mom, Diane, told ABC News.
Diane said she's heading to Hawaii on Wednesday and hopes to inspire a massive search to track down their one and only child.
“We need to get search parties out in Hawaii,” they said. “What are we waiting for? We need to find my kid!”
A statement provided by a Hawaii-based Marine Corps spokesperson confirmed that there is a dedicated search underway to locate the missing sailor, whose case for now is classified as an “unauthorized absence.”
“Seaman Palmer's command is coordinating with NCIS and local authorities to find the missing sailor. The safety of our sailors and Marines is our primary concern and we hope and pray for their safe return,” the statement said.
Palmer is a corpsman assigned to 1st Battalion, 3rd Marine Regiment at Marine Corps Base Hawaii, according to a separate statement.
Their mother said that while their son wasn't under any strict curfew to be back at base Sunday night, ABC News has learned that they were supposed to be at an aid station at 8 a.m.
When they were a no-show, Diane said they then received a phone call around 4 a.m. on Monday morning by military personnel who identified themselves as members of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service.
“They wanted to know if I'd heard from him,” said the mother, who said they haven't slept since the phone call. “But Shaun was already missing for 24 hours.”
The mother, who has spoken with NCIS investigators as well as Honolulu Police Department detectives, said that they learned that Palmer was at the bar until around 4 a.m.
One of the Marines returned to base.
Palmer and the unidentified friend remained until the bar's closing.
According to a bartender working that night, it was “packed” at the bar but nothing was out of sorts.
“There was no indication that anything was out of the ordinary,” the bartender, who said he's worked at the establishment for nine years and spoke to ABC News on the condition of anonymity, said. “It was a typical closing.”
The bartender noted that there was a heavy presence of local cops nearby and that a day ago, the staff searched surveillance footage from that night after being prompted to do so by NCIS investigators.
“We looked at the cameras and didn't find anything,” the bartender said. “I can tell you that nothing happened inside the bar.”
While the bar was cleared out and people spilled out in the street, Palmer's friend was subsequently arrested for “a low-key disorderly conduct,” their mother said. She's still trying to learn the identity of the arrested Marine.
Attempts by ABC News to speak with Honolulu Police Department about the arrest of the unidentified Marine or the case involving Palmer were not immediately successful.
A detective with the department refused to share any details about the Marine's arrest or Palmer's missing case, saying, “it's an ongoing investigation.”
Diane said that they learned from NCIS investigators that their son then summoned two different Lyft cars.
“My son ordered the Lyft to go back to base,” Diane said. “It was canceled.”
They were then told their son then was three blocks away and ordered a second Lyft, which also was canceled, a fact confirmed by their conversations with detectives and their son's bank records.
“He canceled the second one, and it's on their bank account at 4:28,” they said, referring to the morning time stamp.
They said that afterward Palmer's cell phone “went dead.”
All Diane can do is hope.
“We're very close,” they said. “We've always been like that. And I know their heart is breaking for my heart. I just know it.”
Rabid raccoon killed by dog near Pittsburgh
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Health officials say a groundhog killed by a dog near Pittsburgh has tested positive for rabies.
The Allegheny County health department says the groundhog was brought to one of its facilities after a dog killed it in Mount Lebanon.
Officials say this is the ninth rabid animal reported in the county so far this year. The others were four raccoons and four bats.
County residents are being warned to avoid stray animals and wildlife, even if the animals appear healthy. They should also have their pets vaccinated and watch for unusual behavior.
Rabies is a virus transmitted by an animal bite or scratch, and such exposures are almost always fatal when left untreated.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
MOSCOW (AP) - Putin says Russia is ready to cooperate with Britain to investigate ex-spy's poisoning.
John Baer has written about politics and government for the Daily News since 1987. Neither subject ever fails to provide them with stories of policies and politicians walking on or skirting by paths to perdition.
Congressional districts in southeastern Pennsylvania, expected to change significantly for this year's elections, are only part of a broader, ongoing gerrymander tale.
Many are asking what's taking the U.S. Supreme Court so long to act on Pennsylvania's gerrymander case.
But another key question is, what happens once the Supreme Court acts?
Tuesday is the deadline to file petitions to run for Congress. So, expectations are that court action is imminent.
But even after the Supreme Court acts in what is a tale of high-stakes politics and political revenge, ramifications are expected for some time.
“All we know is this isn't over. What we don't know is how long it lasts.”
So says Michael Gerhardt, constitutional scholar at the National Constitution Center. They add, “Everybody's waiting for movement. And nobody's moving.”
You know the basics, right?
Republican legislature draws congressional districts in 2011 favorable to Republicans. Democratic state Supreme Court in 2018 rules maps unconstitutionally partisan, draws new maps favorable to Democrats. Everybody goes bat-swat crazy.
Challenges erupt. There are cries of constitutional crises and legal fees mounting to millions of tax dollars. Pleas to the nation's highest court. Talk of impeaching state Supreme Court justices. And, now, many questions.
The most immediate? Will the U.S. Supreme Court grant an emergency stay against new maps on grounds that the U.S. Constitution says legislatures, not courts, hold map-drawing authority?
The high court already said “no” to one stay. Last month, within days of a request. And while most predict another “no,” the court's had the second request for weeks. Some see that as signaling a different outcome.
Such as canceling the May 15 primary. Or reverting to 2011 maps. Which, and I'm only guessing here, just might lead to some disruption and/or more litigation.
And even if SCOTUS again says “no” on this case, there's another gerrymander case before a three-judge panel here in U.S. Middle District Court.
It's from eight of our 13 GOP members of congress and two state senators. It seeks to stop implementation of new maps and use the 2011 maps — those already ruled unconstitutional – in 2018 elections.
Sounds like the same stuff the stay is about, yes? Well, guess what?
Penn Law professor Seth Kreimer is among constitutional experts saying this case likely moves ahead even if SCOTUS opts out of the first case.
“Denial of a stay is not a binding precedent,” Kreimer says. “It doesn't resolve any issues on the merits … but I'd expect the three-judge panel to move pretty quickly, and my money would be on the Pa. Supreme Court map being the one for this year's elections. But I've been surprised before.”
OK, let's say SCOTUS and the Middle District resolve the case in ways that keep the new map. We then could face fallout ranging from additional litigation from candidates or incumbents disadvantaged by the new map to ramped-up revenge.
There is serious buzz in Republican quarters about impeaching one or more Democratic state Supreme Court justices.
What initially sounded whacky got some push from GOP Sen. Pat Toomey, who publicly said the idea should be discussed.
Bruce Ledewitz, a constitutional law professor at Duquesne University, says “absolutely” there are grounds for action, that the state court acted with “an appearance of partisan intent, ran roughshod over the issue, and violated norms of judicial conduct.”
Since impeachment would start in the GOP House, I check with House Speaker Mike Turzai. They say that “some members have taken steps” toward impeachment, adding that the House “will review appropriate remedies as we move forward.”
So, there you have it.
What started as a long-ball lawsuit last June from the League of Women Voters, some actual voters, and Philly's Public Interest Law Center to, ostensibly, reduce partisanship in redistricting and calm the unruly seas of Pennsylvania politics, could end up creating electoral, judicial and constitutional commotion and/or chaos for some time to come.
Big picture? Republicans won elections and used their power to reach for more. That's politics, not public service. Democrats won high-court control and used their power to strike back. Understandable, even fair. But the process to push the case – allowing too little time, causing too much confusion regarding the upcoming congressional election – is problematic.
And that, for both parties and for voters, could harden the edges of the very partisanship the case supposedly sought to soften.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
CALGARY, Alberta, April 6 ConocoPhillips has cut output from its Surmont oil sands project by about 40 percent because of shortages of synthetic crude in northern Alberta following a fire and shutdown at the Syncrude plant, two market sources said on Thursday.
Surmont's full production capacity is 140,000 barrels per day and the project is a joint venture with Total E&P Canada . (Reporting by Nia Williams and Catherine Ngai; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Briton Callum Ilott currently sits first in the 2018 GP3 Series standings after finishing first and sixth at the Red Bull Ring.
The ART Grand Prix driver has spent the past three years racing in the FIA European Formula 3 Championship with Carlin (2015), Van Amersfoort Racing (2016) and Prema Powerteam (2017) with their best championship finish fourth in 2017.
“I've been very fortunate to drive with some of the best teams in F3 and ART is right up there with its level of attention to detail, procedures and staff,” Ilott told thecheckeredflag.com. “From Sebastien [Philippe] and throughout the team, the guys are great. I just wish I had stuck with my French now! In GP3, it's the best team and knows the car very well. Once we decided to drive in GP3, it was my prime choice.”
It was during their time at Prema, the possibility of Ilott joining the Ferrari Driver Academy started being discussed.
“Massimo Rivola, who oversees the FDA, was looking after another FDA member and team-mate of mine Guan Yu Zhou. I got to spend some time with Massimo at a few of the weekends and we got on really well. They got a good behind the scenes insight into my performances and we began to discuss me joining. Everything was sorted just before Macau so that was my first event as an FDA driver. It was cool to win first-time out too.”
Ilott, refers to the qualification race at the Macau Grand Prix which they won by almost eight seconds.
Ilott is in an unique position in that they were in the Red Bull Junior Team prior to joining the FDA.
The Briton joined the Red Bull team in 2015 but lost their place at the end of the same year after underperforming, but it means they know what differences there are between the two programmes.
“They are two entirely different propositions. For me, the main difference is what I call the ‘family' approach that the FDA team has created. Whether you race in GP3, F3, F4 or F2, we do a lot of the activities together. I even live in the same apartment block as some of the guys so it's a way of life. I think that's good for drivers as it can be a quite lonely existence for a driver with the travel and training. This way you've got a chance to socialise and chill with drivers on similar schedules, having the same pressures. That's a real benefit. The other difference is the amount of time we spend working during the week. The FDA is essentially full time to the point that I've moved to Maranello and we have something scheduled every day. Weekends are free though and I've had plenty of those with the late start to the season.”
The disappointment that Ilott would have felt from losing their position at Red Bull was the moment that caused them to grow as not only a driver but also a person.
“Moving on from Red Bull at 16 turning 17 was a milestone, but then sorting a deal with VAR and then winning first-time out was a great confidence booster. Then I think my win last year on Saturday at Macau with a 7 second lead was special – for me at least! People in our industry know how hard that track can be so that result was a decent boost. From a personal point of view, becoming part of the FDA has changed a lot for me. I think I've developed and matured a lot already in 2018 as a result of it. Moving away from home and to a different country naturally makes me much more independent and having the structure of our programme is new for me too. Though I still miss my dog!”
With speculation that European Formula 3 and GP3 are soon to become one series, having knowledge of the two will help the Briton if they remain in the series when that happens.
“There are quite a few differences. The GP3 car is a fair bit heavier than the F3 car but it has more power so it's actually quicker. The thing that everyone knows about GP3 is the tyre degradation – having to manage this and knowing when to push. That's the biggest difference for me in terms of strategy for the weekend. Qualifying is really critical. There are other elements such as DRS and the reverse grid so I'm learning a lot but I'm loving the challenge.”
In the opening six races of the season, five of the races have been won by ART with all the drivers having taken victory – Ilott twice and the others once.
The dominance of the ARTs is unsurprising given their history in the series but could allow for things to get too competitive between team-mates.
“We are all competitive and as we have seen from Barcelona, we each have the chance to challenge for wins but we get on and work together as a team. ART is a top team and I know it is capable of ensuring we can all deliver. It knows how to run four cars competitively too.
“Nikita and I have known each other since we were about 14 back in the karting world. I was teammates with Anthoine at VAR in F3 and I've known Jake for ages too. It's a good dynamic within the team which is a real positive.”
Leading the standings, Ilott will be looking forward to being heading to their home race at Silverstone this weekend.
“I was lucky to get a last-minute F2 drive last year and being part of the British GP was so cool, but it was all so late, so I didn't have a chance to enjoy the whole build-up. I was still reading the car manual and sorting out somewhere to sleep on the Thursday! The other good thing about a home race is having friends, family and some of my sponsors along.”
Coming off the back of a strong weekend in Austria, Ilott will be keen to strengthen their position at the top the championship as well as put on a good show for their home support.
The British GP weekend takes place 6-8 July.
