Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the final image of cult murderer Charles Manson before they were cremated.
The serial killer was finally laid to rest, four months after they died aged 83 in prison in Kern County, California.
Their body had been sitting on ice in a morgue as a judge decided who should be allowed to claim it.
In the end, it was Manson's grandson Jason Freeman who won the rights to the body and they attended the service with around 30 others.
An image obtained from the day shows Manson heavily covered in make-up to conceal decomposition.
Two verses from the Bible were read including: "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down their life for their friends" (John 15:13) and "I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me" (Philipians 4:13).
Manson was then cremated and their ashes scattered in a nearby stream.
(Image: Getty)
Pastor Mark Pitcher, of Porterville Church of the Nazarene, performed the service and told TMZ they had felt uncomfortable about taking part.
But Pitcher said they made an exception because Mr Freeman said they were a "follower of Christ".
While the battle over Manson's body was resolved, another for the future of their $250,000 estate has just begun.
Pen pal Matthew Roberts claims they were left everything in a will dated February 14, 2002.
Manson is believed to have made a fortune while in prison through merchandising rights to their image which has since been used on T-shirts and selling art they created.
The will, published by celebrity website TMZ, also leaves their "exclusive music catalogue" to Mr Roberts.
It is believed Manson received 10 cents for every shirt sold featuring their image and the words 'Charlie Don't Surf' which were made famous in the film Apocalypse Now.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Their artworks have been sold online and they even wrote a number of songs, including one recorded by the Beach Boys but never released.
They released an album in 1970 and the surviving members of their family cult who remained free issued two CDs of their works.
 They are said to have recorded an acoustic album in 2010, in part produced by Harry Rollins, and while only five were pressed be is believed to have retained three of them.
(Image: AFP)
The will also expressly disinherited their known children, ex-wives, in-laws, friends, fellow-inmates, lawyers, police, prison guards and the State of California, it is claimed.
Ben Gurecki, a friend of Manson's, claimed that Mr Roberts was not only the beneficiary, but also Manson's long lost son -but this has never been proved.
Manson's pen-pal Roberts, told TMZ they first wrote to Manson out of curiosity and after 50 unanswered letters they replied in 1997.
They said they progressed to phone calls and visits, and that they met Manson for the first time in 2002, and saw them for the last time on October 21, less than a month before their death.
(Image: ABC)
TMZ said the typed will contains handwriting, which they compared with known writing and it appears to match.
One note on it says: “I'm not in the best spot to rest in peace.”
The will was witnessed by a fellow inmate.
(Image: mirrorpix)
Manson and three of their followers were convicted of murdering actor Sharon Tate and six other people in a bloody two-night rampage in Los Angeles in August 1969.
Tate, who was married to director Roman Polanski, was eight months pregnant.
Manson and their followers were sentenced to death but that was changed to life in prison when the California Supreme Court ruled the death penalty was unconstitutional in 1972.
They were turned down for parole 12 times.
BEIJING — A top North Korean official headed to New York on Wednesday for talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump on the future of Kim's nuclear program, in the North's highest-level mission to the United States in 18 years.
Associated Press reporters saw Kim Yong Chol at Beijing's airport just after noon. South Korea's Yonhap news agency cited diplomatic sources as saying that Kim was on an Air China flight to New York that departed later Wednesday afternoon.
Yonhap said Kim, who had arrived in Beijing on Tuesday, was travelling with five other North Korean officials.
Kim, one of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's most trusted aides, is a former military intelligence chief and now a vice chairperson of the ruling party's central committee.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty
Trump confirmed Tuesday that Kim was to hold talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. But it wasn't immediately known what else they would do in the United States. South Korean media speculated that they were carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and may push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
Pompeo has travelled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang after Kim Yong Chol's U.S. trip.
Trump and Kim Jong-un were set to hold their summit June 12 in Singapore, but Trump announced last week that they were pulling out of the meeting. Since then, they have suggested the summit could be back on, and Kim Yong Chol's trip to the U.S. seems to imply that preparations for a meeting could be in the final stages.
Kim Yong Chol's trip comes amid two sets of other pre-summit talks between Washington and Pyongyang.
A team of U.S. officials led by former U.S. nuclear negotiator Sung Kim began talks with North Korean officials at the Korean border village of Panmunjom on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit.
Originally at Rusvesna A new and largely unknown "TURAN" regiment, who identify themselves as such via uniform badges, has sent from 800 to 1200 individuals to the region. According to witnesses, the new arrivals are mostly Central Asian in appearance; with a number of 'Russian faces', as well as North Caucasian and Transcaucasian - predominantly, Azerbaijanis.Their uniforms vary - everything from the Soviet "Afghan" style, to a modern "multicamo." Their weaponry is also not standerdised - from classic, Soviet-made to new, foreign technology., in the direction of Raqqa. The exercise is due to be completed by the end of the current month.The ongoing arrival of such regiments in Syria should signal to the militants that they are up against the 'better' half of the population of the former USSR. Multicultural and multi-religious - they are not driven by ideological ideals, rendering the rebels' days numbered.
South Korea said Thursday that it will tighten monitoring of the local financial market and take immediate measures to stave off any fallout from the latest US rate increase.
"We will get fully prepared to minimize the adverse impact of the US rate hike," Vice Finance Minister Ko Hyoung-kwon said at a financial policy meeting in Seoul. "The government will keep close tabs on the market and take stabilizing measures in a timely manner."
South Korea's Vice Finance Minister Ko Hyoung-kwon speaks at a policy meeting in Seoul on June 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
The US Federal Reserve raised key interest rates by 0.25 percentage point Wednesday (local time), making its target range for the federal funds rate from 1 to 1.25 percent, a level that's on par with South Korea's.It was the second time the Fed has raised rates this year after the first hike in March.The Fed also added it plans to reduce its securities holdings, a move that could spur rates to rise further."The Fed's decision did not cause a sudden fluctuation as the market has long anticipated it," the official said. "The South Korean market will likely experience limited volatility as it has favorable fiscal stability."The South Korean benchmark Kospi started 0.03 percent higher to reach 2,373.36 points at 9:00 a.m. from a day earlier, while the local currency gained ground against the US dollar to change hands at 1,120, up 3.9 won from the previous session. (Yonhap)
StackT 360 Your body gets solid day by day and so you get fit and handsome. If you want to lose the extra fats, even then you can rely on this supplement. Stack t 360 productBesides these benefits, you can get many other StackT Besides, there are amino acids like L-arginine. Mineral, like Magnesium, Boron, Zinc, along with vitamins based on our simple investigation. Otherwise, be sure to check out our favorite testosterone booster. And, thanks for reading again! Happy supplement hunting!
#MeToo, Round 2, for Trump
At least 15 women went public last year to accuse Donald Trump of assault, harassment and other forms of sexual misconduct. They called them liars. They won the election.
“These false claims ... were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” a White House statement said Monday.
So what's new? The flood of claims this fall by women who said they were victimized by prominent men — many of whom have since been purged from positions of power — prompted a group of women who named Trump to speak up again.
One, Jessica Leeds, said that while some men are “being held accountable for unwanted behavior ... we are not holding our president accountable for what they are and who they are.”
“The environment's different. Let's try again,” said another, Samantha Holvey.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) was among the colleagues of Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) who pressed them to quit last week. They said Monday that Trump should resign, and because they won't, “Congress should have ... appropriate investigations of their behavior and hold them accountable.” See Yancey Roy's story for Newsday.
Immigration policy pitch
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Trump said Monday's terrorist bomb explosion in midtown Manhattan boosted their case to roll back immigration-law preferences for extended family members of those already here.
“Today's attempted mass murder attack in New York City — the second terror attack in New York in the last two months — once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people,” a Trump statement said.
Suspect Akayed Ullah, an immigrant from Bangladesh, entered the U.S. in 2011 on an F-43 family immigrant visa, the White House said.
Obama, 'bama and Trump
Former President Barack Obama is in a robocall duel with Trump to influence Tuesday's Alabama Senate special election.
Obama recorded a call to rally support and voter turnout for Democratic candidate Doug Jones. Trump is urging voters to back Republican Roy Moore.
Transgender ban bends
The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite Trump's determination to ban them, because the policy is hitting resistance in the courts.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental standards to show they are clinically stable in their preferred gender.
Tax plan push
Trump will give a speech from the Treasury Department Wednesday to make closing arguments for Republican plans to rewrite the nation's tax laws.
The president's pitch will be that “tax reform will lead to a brighter future for them and their families,” said Lindsay Walters, the deputy press secretary.
Polls have shown the public is skeptical. A new USA Today/Suffolk University survey found 32% of Americans support the GOP tax plan and 48% oppose it.
Our own Rocket Man
Trump signed a directive that enables NASA to again focus its efforts on sending Americans to the moon, and eventually Mars, reports Newsday's Emily Ngo.
“It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use,” Trump said in a Roosevelt Room ceremony.
No astronaut has been on the moon since the Apollo 17 mission in December 1972.
What else is happening
Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian forward Neymar at a training session on August 11th. Photo: Alain Jocard/AFP
After dazzling Rio's imposing Maracana and Barcelona's storied Camp Nou, the world's most expensive footballer Neymar will be welcomed to French football on Sunday at Guingamp's humble 17,000-capacity Stade du Rouduorou in sleepy Brittany.
With the mundanity of transfer paperwork finally resolved, the 25-year-old Brazilian magician will line up for Paris Saint-Germain for the first time since their mind-boggling 222 million euro ($261 million) move from Barcelona.
"He's physically ready to play the whole ninety minutes," PSG coach Unai Emery told AFP.
"He's been working well and we looked hard at tactics and free-kicks. We all want them in the starting 11, he's a player we need in the group."
Even Guingamp coach Antoine Kombouare, themselves a former PSG boss, wants Neymar to play despite the potential havoc they could wreak on the home defence.
"I want the fans to come on Sunday to see Guingamp win... preferably against a side with Neymar in it," they said.
It will be a major culture shock for Neymar in a town which has a population of just 7,000 and is best known for its annual Breton dance showcase, the Saint Loup Festival.
However, that's not to say that Guingamp do not have football pedigree -- former Chelsea and Ivory Coast star Didier Drogba spent a season at the club in 2002/2003.
They were French Cup winners in 2009 and 2014, and last season beat PSG 2-1 in the corresponding league fixture.
"We could have filled a stadium of 40,000 seats with no problem at all," said Guingamp president Bertrand Desplat, whose club budget is an eighth of what PSG paid for Neymar.
Journalists from far and wide are expected for the game -- the ground's press tribune, built to hold 80 people, has been extended to cater for 350.
A total of 145 flight attendants will be on duty at the ground -- 30 more than usual.
Neymar will simply be glad to put their tax troubles behind them and get back to doing what they do best after their lawyer revealed on Saturday that the Brazilian superstar has agreed to pay a $2.5 million fine for tax evasion in their homeland.
Their 2013 transfer to Barça from São Paulo's Santos is also the subject of a Spanish tax fraud investigation.
1,200km away, Barça start new era
Meanwhile, French media speculated over who in the expensively-assembled PSG team will make way for Neymar.
Le Parisien suggested it will be Javier Pastore, the Argentine star who was the first major signing after PSG were bought by their ambitious Qatari owners.
"After first giving up their No.10 shirt, will they (Pastore) now give them (Neymar) their place in the team?" Le Parisien asked of the player who took up the No.10 shirt after Zlatan Ibrahimovic left for Manchester United last season, only to hand it to the Brazilian this summer.
"Neymar will start on the left at the expense of Pastore."
Sports daily L'Equipe saw things differently, though.
"A trio of Neymar, Pastore and Angel di Maria will support (striker) Ederson Cavani," predicted L'Equipe.
The match in Guingamp kicks off at 1900GMT.
READ ALSO: Fans hail Neymar as PSG stroll to opening win
An hour later, and around 1,200km further south, Barcelona will start their first competitive match without Neymar by facing bitter rivals Real Madrid in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
Barça's scattergun approach to finding a replacement for Neymar has so far been unsuccessful with bids for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele of Borussia Dortmund rebuffed.
Gerard Deulofeu was handed Neymar's role alongside Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez up front in Monday's 5-0 friendly win over Chapecoense on their return to the club after spells at Everton and AC Milan.
And while he's not a like-for-like replacement, Spanish press claim former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Paulinho, a Brazil international, is on the verge of a 40-million-euro move to Barça from China's Guangzhou Evergrande.
PITTSBURGH — There's a picture next to Antonio Brown's locker featuring the Pittsburgh Steelers star wide receiver and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger sharing a laugh. The photo includes a note from Roethlisberger saying "AB, we are unstoppable."
Turns out, there might be one thing that slows down one of the most prolific duos in the NFL: the increasingly viral dustups provided by Brown's antics.
The latest came last Sunday, when Brown took their frustrations out on a water cooler after Roethlisberger failed to see Brown running wide open early in a 26-9 victory over Baltimore. Roethlisberger later likened Brown's outburst to a "temper tantrum," one that forced Brown's teammates to spend a considerable portion of the week not talking about Pittsburgh's 3-1 start but Brown's occasionally diva-like behaviour.
Brown knows it needs to stop. Soon.
"It can take away the morale of the group," Brown said Friday. "It can take away the morale of myself. Obviously I don't want (Ben) thinking I'm spazzing out because they do a great job of me getting me the ball and giving me the best chances to make plays. Just got to control my emotions ... and understand I've got an effect on every guy here."
Roethlisberger initially laughed off Brown's mini-meltdown but then went public during their weekly radio shows, chastising the 28-year-old Brown for setting a poor example for the rest of the roster.
"I never want to make the quarterback feel like I'm being a distraction or I've got any negativity toward him," said Brown, who is currently second in the NFL in both receptions and yards receiving heading into Sunday's game against Jacksonville. "He's the guy who gave me the opportunity. He's the guy who's been in my corner since I got here."
Brown's emergence as one of the most prolific receivers of their generation — he's the only player in league history with four consecutive seasons with at least 100 receptions and signed an extension in March that made them the highest-paid wideout in the league — has moved in lock step with their profile, one that has put them under a microscope. They drew a strong rebuke from head coach Mike Tomlin in January for livestreaming from the locker room following a playoff win in Kansas City. They repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with the six-year deal they signed in 2012 well before it expired even though the Steelers have a long-standing policy of not entering into negotiations until the penultimate season of a player's current contract.
"Obviously, I know the position I'm in," Brown said. "I've got to take responsibility and be a representative not only for the Steelers, but myself, my family. I've got to be smart."
Roethlisberger hinted Brown's behaviour had an effect on Brown's production over the course of the game. Brown was held to season lows in both receptions (four) and yards (34) even as Pittsburgh posted its most lopsided victory in Baltimore since the Ravens relocated from Cleveland more than two decades ago. Brown thinks Roethlisberger may have a point.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
Dad of five explains why OCD made them want to kil
The World of Pokémon GO has Expanded With the lat
Are you ready for the new car tax rules?
Man takes matters into their own hands after findin
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the sickening moment a man was sent flying as they 'drunkenly' walked down a dark country road - yet miraculously escaped serious injury.
Motorist Tom Wiltshire, 23, screamed with horror when they realised they could not avoid hitting the reveller who was standing in the middle of a 60mph A-road.
The victim hit the bonnet and windscreen of Tom's green Skoda Citigo which suffered more than £2,000 in damage.
But the man - thought to have been a student on their way home from a boozy summer ball - incredibly escaped with just bumps and bruises.
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
Tom was travelling on the A435 near Cheltenham, Gloucestershire with friend Andrea Hannis, 22, uphill along the A435 when the incident happened around 11pm.
The motoring journalist, who was listening to Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud, said: "You can hear from the video I was shocked as I screamed a lot.
"I didn't really know what to think as it was such a surprise, thankfully there was a student nurse in another vehicle which stopped so they helped.
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
"There was no reason for them being in the road, it is just a country road which has a pavement and there's nothing either side for them to be wanting to get to.
"The driver behind was in a Mitsubishi pickup so it could have ended completely differently if they hit him."
Tom stayed with the injured man together with the student nurse until an ambulance arrived and they were taken to hospital for further treatment.
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
The victim - whose identity is not known - suffered NO broken bones and police later told Tom they would have no lasting damage after the collision.
It is believed they had been at a university summer ball at nearby Cheltenham Racecourse.
Tom, of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, claimed for the damage through their insurance which cost them £2,100 to fix the crumpled bonnet, damaged bumper and cracked windscreen.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp launched an astonishing rant in their post-match interview with Sky Sports reporter Patrick Davison after bemoaning the decision to award a penalty for Dejan Lovren's push on Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
The Reds boss reacted angrily after Davison conceded they thought it was a penalty, insisting they only wanted "to talk to people who have a little bit of understanding about football."
Despite fans offering their sympathy for Davison, they have leaped to the defence of Klopp and insists they have "no problem" with their response.
They said on Twitter: "Thanks for messages (most of them) about Klopp interview. Angry and upset rather than rude or unpleasant I thought. Absolutely no problem with that. Always rather interview a manager who's honest."
(Image: AFP)
Wayne Rooney converted from the spot to cost Klopp's side two points after Mohamed Salah's wonderful opener had put the hosts in control.
The result puts Liverpool 16 points behind Manchester City with Arsenal still just one point behind them in fifth.
Read the full transcript of the interaction between the pair following the game below:
(Image: PA)
Patrick Davison: Jurgen because you were so dominant for so much of that match, does this feel like a wasted opportunity to pick up three points?
Jurgen Klopp: What do you think?
PD: I imagine it does.
JK: Yeah, right. Absolutely.
PD: What did you make of your team's performance?
JK: It was good, but we didn't score often enough. But I saw only one team playing. I saw only one team playing. But we have to make a little bit more.
I can't believe this situation with all the challenges. We were completely clean with challenges, we didn't make any fouls.
We had Sigurdsson on Henderson which was a red card, again, like in all derbies that I'm in so far there is always a really nasty one.
And then all the challenges in this game, when only one team is playing you give such a penalty? It's unbelievable. When you see the pictures...
(Image: REUTERS)
PD: Have you had a chance to see it back?
JK: Yes. Calvert-Lewin makes it smart, because they take a step in this direction (steps to their right), but even then it's nothing. But they gave a penalty, and now one team can celebrate, probably, and we can't.
PD: What have you said to the referee?
JK: That I don't understand what they are doing. But I didn't use one swearing word.
I cannot believe it, that in a game like this, when only one team is trying over 95 minutes to win it and the other team wasn't even in our box. They didn't have a shot on target apart from the penalty. If you open the door for them like this it's, in my understanding, not okay.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
PD: For you, 100 per cent not a penalty, or does Dejan Lovren...
JK: No, no, no, no.
PD: It's not a case of blaming him, but do they not need to make the challenge?
JK: They don't make a challenge! Calvert-Lewin makes a step into them and that's it.
PD: But there's hands-on the back.
JK: The hand is like this on the back (motions with hand). You saw it. If you think it's a penalty then do it, say it. It's a penalty in your opinion? Is it a penalty in your opinion? Is it a penalty in your opinion?
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
PD: Okay. If you want my opinion... my opinion doesn't matter. I would say soft...
JK: Obviously my opinion doesn't matter as well.
PD: Of course your opinion matters.
JK: Does it change anything?
PD: No, but we're conducting an interview.
JK: Then tell me. Is it a penalty or not?
PD: I think it's soft, but I think it is a penalty.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
JK: (Laughs).
Well, then we can stop the interview because I only want to talk to people who have a little bit of understanding about football. I'm sorry. I'm really... I cannot believe...
PD: I know you're angry, but there are people who've played a lot of football matches in our studio who also think it's a penalty.
JK: Oh. Then I'm sorry. I'm wrong. You are all right. Yeah.
PD: I didn't say that.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
JK: Yes, that's what you said. That other people are right and I am wrong. I must be wrong, right?
PD: No, just because... isn't it a game of opinions?
JK: We've been here five minutes now. Obviously I am not in the mood to answer your questions. And you don't have better questions do you?
PD: I've got one more. I don't think you're going to like it. Six changes today, you also took Salah off at 1-0 up. Do you think those changes had any effect on the result?
JK: That's my job. I make decisions before I know they are right. And afterwards it's your job to say I'm not right. I've got no problem with that, I was sure it was the right decision.
(Image: REUTERS)
We brought Roberto Firmino on for Mo Salah, we could have scored before, we could have scored afterwards. We could have scored all the time. We lived, more or less, in their box. And obviously we didn't do it.
But I have to take that. I have no problem with that. I only think that we pressed so much like we did today, in a game like this, where they didn't even have counter attacks, then it's quite difficult if you have one situation, but there was one situation and everyone was waiting for it...
There are bigger catastrophies on this planet than a point after a game like this, but it feels not too good.
Sorry for all the rest I said before.
PD: Thanks for your time.
CLOSE Top stories for Monday, Dec. 11 Wochit
Police lights. (Photo: Stock photo)
A 16-year-old driving around Newark Sunday made a handful of traffic violations, which got them pulled over and arrested for having stolen the car.
More: Trooper-involved shooting kills 16-year-old in Dover
A New Castle County Police officer patrolling the Sparrow Run community spotted the silver Nissan sedan and pulled the teenager over, police said. The car was reported stolen on Dec. 3 from the 8000 block of Rodin Court.
The diver was charged with theft of a motor vehicle, driving without a license, failure to use turn signal, failure to stop at a stop sign, improper lane change, and driving a vehicle without consent of the owner. They were released on a $1,350 unsecured bond and issued a no contact order.
Their 13-year-old passenger was not charged.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/teen-driving-stolen-car-arrested-newark/941042001/
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale reaches across a table to shake hands with Kirstjen Nielsen, United States Secretary of Homeland Security during a G7 Foreign and Security Ministers meeting in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
Canada and its G7 partners are saying “enough is enough” to attacks by Russia and other authoritarian countries in their democratic institutions, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Monday.
Freeland concluded talks with their G7 counterparts by affirming an organized effort to respond to foreign meddling and the spreading of false information — mainly by Russia. Exactly what that means is a work in progress, but Freeland said the ministers will give their leaders recommendations on how to respond in a forceful, co-ordinated manner when they meet in Charlevoix, Que. in June.
There is a concern in the G7 countries that “authoritarian states are actively working to undermine the democratic systems in our countries and elsewhere,” they said.
“Today we said, ‘Enough is enough.'”
Freeland said there was unanimity among G7 ministers for a concerted effort to tackle Russian disinformation and meddling in the world's democracies.
Related: G7 warned of Russian threats to western democracy
While they and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson displayed enthusiasm for the G7 effort to take Russia to task for what they are calling a broad range of “malign” behaviour, their American counterpart sounded a less effusive note.
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan didn't bother mentioning the initiative in their closing public remarks.
Sullivan was pinch-hitting for U.S. President Donald Trump's new pick for secretary of state, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who faces strong opposition to their confirmation, and could not represent their country during the overlapping meeting of G7 foreign and interior ministers, which continues Tuesday.
Sullivan opted instead to highlight the North Korea nuclear crisis in their closing summit remarks, following Pompeo's secret mission to the Hermit Kingdom two weeks ago to pave the way for a Trump meeting with its leader, Kim Jong-un.
Freeland pushed Russia to the top of a packed agenda that included North Korea, Iran, the ongoing Syrian crisis, and the Venezuela and Rohingya Muslim unrest.
Russia is, of course, a politically charged issue for Trump, with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016.
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia, including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news.
“What we decided … was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations, whether it's cyberwar, whether it's disinformation, assassination attempts, whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out,” Johnson said.
“Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters. We think there's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity.”
Freeland said they and their fellow ministers talked about “democracy being under attack, and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies.”
Sullivan didn't mention the Russia initiative in their summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin's use disinformation, but they said the U.S. remains committed to the G7's endeavour.
They called on Russia to be a “constructive partner” in Syria, where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad. They blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and their daughter in the British town of Salisbury. And they called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region.
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary, including fighting terrorism “but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7.”
Afterwards, a senior State Department official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, added additional comment: “The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries. This remains a priority.”
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time, with Russia as the West's main foe on that front.
They said all citizens in democratic countries, as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption. They said one of their fellow ministers “pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring” and don't always lead to an interesting narrative.
“Lurid conspiracy theories, on the other hand, are lurid, and exciting. Part of our job, I think, is a collective one of being aware of that fact.”
Related: Trudeau ends 3-country tour with global reputation, alliances intact
Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Test Boost Elite restorative offers particular and probably beneficial dietary supplements to customers and purchasers who are looking for fitness enhancing dietary supplements. most of the pinnacle dietary supplements we reviewed are extremely revs specific restorative and restorative pick. Test Boost Elite although there are different supplements inside the restorative line those products have had notable critiques. while searching out restorative supplements make certain to read all of the restorative evaluations to be sure you pick one that fits you.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
TORONTO — Police are trying to locate a 16-year-old boy after a gun they were allegedly playing with went off and the bullet lodged in a mattress their sibling way lying on.
Investigators allege the boy was in their bedroom in northwest Toronto last Saturday afternoon playing with a gun.
They say when it went off, the bullet travelled through their bedroom wall into their sibling's room and became lodged in the mattress.
The teen is wanted on nine charges, including using a firearm carelessly, possession of a firearm without a licence, carrying a concealed weapon, and discharging a firearm in a reckless manner.
Unless you've been living under a rock, you know Black Friday deals in the US are right around the corner. Amazon knows this all too well, of course, and today the mega online retailer is providing a sneak peak at all the deals it will offer on Black Friday 2017.
Whether you're looking to save on a new Amazon Echo smart speaker, Amazon Cloud Cam, Fire tablet or even a 4K TV, Amazon is dropping prices across product categories, including bringing Echo Dot to its lowest price ever. You can even save on treats and more for your pet (Fido will thank you later).
In addition to revealing Black Friday price drops, Amazon also announced deals will start to open up on November 17, with more deals becoming available all the way through the official Black Friday date of November 24.
On Black Friday proper, you can look forward to more than 30 Deals of the Day and, according to Amazon, thousands of Lightning Deals, which are limited-time deals that run for a set period, or while supplies last.
Below you'll find the Black Friday price cuts Amazon has planned. Remember, these prices start to go live on November 17, and more will open up at various dates and times in the days to follow.
In the meantime, we suggest you check out our best Amazon Black Friday deals page to get a sense of more Amazon sales you can expect. And if you really want to plan ahead, see the best Amazon Cyber Monday deals we're looking forward to this year. Cyber Monday is on November 27, three days after Black Friday, so it's never too early to start planning your online shopping strategy!
Amazon Black Friday deals on Amazon devices
Amazon Black Friday deals on 4K TVs
Amazon Black Friday deals on laptops and more
Select Seagate hard drives are up to 25% off
Acer Helios 300 Gaming Laptop is up to $150 off
CyberpowerPC Gaming Desktop is up to $120 off
Corsair K70 Gaming Keyboard is 30% off
Select SanDisk products are up to 35% off
Select PC gaming laptops, desktops, components and more are up to 40% off
Amazon Black Friday deals on smart home devices
Schlage Smart Lock is up to 40% off
Opal Nugget Ice Maker is $50 off
SmartThings Home Monitoring Kit is $100 off
Amazon Black Friday deals on video games
Select PS VR bundles are up to $100 off
Just Dance 2018 Gold Box is up to 50% off
Amazon Black Friday deals are just getting started
As noted, Amazon plans to offer literally thousands of deals on Black Friday, so while you can look forward to the sales outlined above, know that many more haven't been revealed yet but are on the way.
We'll be sifting through all of Amazon's Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals in the lead up to and on the big days themselves, so be sure to stick with TechRadar as we bring you everything Amazon (and all the other major retailers) discounts this year.
Larson's daring pass wins NASCAR race in overtime
Kyle Larson trumped Martin Truex Jr. for their third successive NASCAR win at Michigan International Speedway.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 04:33 IST
Kyle Larson
Kyle Larson made an incredible and daring three-wide pass on the restart in overtime to hold off Martin Truex Jr. and win their third successive Monster Energy NASCAR Cup race at Michigan.
Sunday's triumph was Larson's fourth NASCAR Cup victory of their career.
That three of those wins have come at Michigan shows Larson knows how to drive at the track. But none of those previous victories could match this one for pure daring.
After a late crash led to a brief red-flag period, Truex restarted the race in overtime in the lead, with Erik Jones beside them on the front row.
Larson, restarting on the second row behind Truex in the outside lane, got in between the latter and Jones three-wide, and sailed into the lead. They were never challenged after that.
Brad Keselowski dominated the first half of the race, winning the opening stage and leading 104 laps. But Truex took the lead late in the second stage to end that segment on top, their NASCAR Cup series-leading 15th stage win in 2017.
Truex had held off the rest of the field on a late restart and seemed headed for their second-consecutive victory before that crash set up the overtime period.
In the end, Larson proved too much for NASCAR Cup points leader Truex.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Usain Bolt allegedly began their retirement party BEFORE their final race after a video emerged of the track superstar at an 'all-night' barbecue in West London.
The Jamaican broke down in their final professional race, failing to finish in the final leg of the 4x100m relay after being beaten into bronze by Americans Justin Gatlin and Christian Coleman in the 100m.
The triple, double Olympic sprint champion collapsed on the home straight with cramp in their left hamstring.
On Sunday night, they were pictured with their new girlfriend Kasi Bennett in the early hours leaving Libertines night club in London.
But days before then Bolt reportedly got their post-retirement party started earlier - despite the possibility of one last gold medal to salvage their world championship at London 2017.
The 30-year-old was out until the early hours, according to the report in the Sun, as friends paid tribute to British high jumper Germaine Mason.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
A tragic bike accident in Kingston took Mason's life at 34, knocking Bolt badly and affecting their training.
“It was rough for me. At the start it really took us by surprise and it kind of set me back a bit training-wise, because mentally I wasn't ready to even train for two weeks or two and a half weeks," Bolt said after the tragedy.
“I had to take off and just try to collect myself."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
Bolt pulled up with cramp in their final race, with their team-mates blaming the poor scheduling and lengthy time waiting in the cold out on the track.
Despite not securing a fairy tale ending to their career, Bolt insists they will not come out of retirement.
“I've seen too many people retire and come back and make it worse or shame themselves,” they said. “I won't be one of those persons.”
WASHINGTON (CNN) — A UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter with three crew members on board experienced a hard landing Monday, crashing in Leonardtown, Maryland.
One of the crew members was medevaced from the scene, Ft. Belvoir spokesperson Jimmie Cummings told CNN.
No additional details were provided about the other crewmembers or why the helicopter, which came from Ft. Belvoir, crashed at approximately 1:50 p.m.
One witness, Garrett Bowles, told CNN they think the helicopter hit some trees as it went down. One other helicopter was at the scene when it crashed, Bowles told CNN.
Another witness, Bianca Melton, told CNN the helicopter looked like it stalled out before crashing.
The UH-60 Blackhawk is an Army utility helicopter used in air assault, air cavalry and aero-medical evacuation units.
Blue Jays general manager Ross Atkins is in a favourable position when it comes to negotiating a trade for highly-coveted left-hander J.A. Happ prior to the July 31 trade deadline.  They are not up against the wall in terms of payroll, so the Jays can afford to be creative when it comes to the remaining amount of their $13-million salary for 2018. That ability to eat salary means the return in talent can be better.
There are also plenty of suitors that believe they are contenders and could use a veteran starter like Happ with up to a dozen starts left in August and September. And if the trade is made earlier in July, as is a strong possibility, that team will get even more of Happ. Among teams who may feel they need another starter are the Yankees, Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, Mariners, Dodgers and Diamondbacks.
What might the Jays expect in return for Happ, who is 10-4 this season with a 4.03 ERA and a solid 1.110 WHIP? Here are a couple of recent examples of Atkins and the Jays trading a starter the past two years and what they received in return:
•Aug. 1, 2016: The Jays traded RHP Drew Hutchison to the Pirates for LHP Francisco Liriano, C Reese McGuire and OF Harold Ramirez. The Jays' willingness to take the Liriano contract was a key. Meanwhile McGuire now ranks 14th on the Jays' list of prospects, while Ramirez recently dropped out of the Top 30.
•On July 31, 2017: The Jays traded Liriano to the Astros for OF Nori Aoki and OF Teoscar Hernandez. The Jays took on the veteran Aoki to eat their contract, while Hernandez has now become a starter in the Jays' outfield.
Happ is better than either Hutchison or Liriano. Look for a similar type of deal, where the Jays pay a large chunk of Happ's remaining salary or else take on an unwanted contract from their trading partner. In either case, Happ has enjoyed their time in Toronto, where they have had their most success, so a deadline trade does not preclude the Jays from negotiating with Happ as a free agent in November.
MLB GETS YOUNGER, JAYS DON'T: The major-league game is changing, getting younger, and it's up to the Blue Jays to keep pace with what they see unfolding around them.
Executing fundamentals is no longer what fans are looking for as much as they are high ceilings, with amazing raw skills. Throwing to the right base or trailing a lead runner and taking the extra base on a missed cutoff throw are no longer skills that are valued. What counts is Sports Centre highlights with amazing athletes doing amazing things. That's where it's at. Let the best kids learn in the majors and take away the dread of four or five years riding buses in the minors. Lure the best athletes.
The stars of the MLB game are getting younger and it seems drafted players or international free agents that may have educational options or are multi-sport athletes are now realizing that the faster they sign and immerse themselves in professional baseball, the faster their path to the major leagues.
Griffin Conine, the Jays' second-round pick last month, pointed that fact out on a conference call after they signed, speaking of the opportunity to reach the majors following a short minor-league path.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The full extent of just how full up Southmead Hospital in Bristol was during December have been revealed in a shocking report presented to the hospital's bosses, who have launched an investigation into whether patients' care was compromised.
The trust apologised to patients left waiting on trolleys for more than 12 hours as its Accident & Emergency department was overwhelmed with demand during December.
Now they have embarked on a ‘Root Cause Analysis' investigation, which will look at the reasons behind the backlog, and also check the progress of every patient who endured more than 12 hours on a trolley, to see how they were getting on 14 days later.
And after Southmead Hospital was named as the worst in the country during the peak of the NHS crisis in December, hospital bosses speaking at a meeting of the North Bristol NHS Trust board meeting said figures for January are likely to be just as bad.
A presentation made to the board on Thursday revealed a stunning series of graphs outlining just how overwhelmed the hospital was by people arriving for help – having either been sent by their GP, care home or arriving themselves for medical care.
The actual number of people arriving at A&E was not that much different from the previous three months, but two factors plunged Southmead Hospital into its worse winter crisis yet.
The trust heard that the first was that a much higher proportion of those who did arrive at A&E needed major treatment or resuscitation. Those arriving requiring ‘major' treatment was 60 per cent, up from an average of 53 per cent.
The second factor was that A&E was left with nowhere to send the patients onto other wards once they had been dealt with, which rapidly filled the emergency department up, and meant staff couldn't properly deal with new people coming in.
There were 122 '12-hour trolley breaches' – people left on a trolley in a corridor for more than 12 hours in A&E because a bed could not be found for them during December – around four people a day, every day, waiting for more than 12 hours.
The graph shows that figure is normally near to zero, and even last winter was fewer than 40 in January 2017.
A second graph presented to the hospital's bosses revealed that 44 times during December, an ambulance crew was left waiting more than an hour to be given permission to bring that patient into A&E – a figure that was never higher than eight a month during the rest of 2017.
The presentation to the trust's board also confirmed the dramatic fall-off in the number of patients who were seen within four hours of arriving at Southmead's emergency department.
That is supposed to be 90 per cent, but dropped from 80 per cent to 70 per cent from November to December.
The presentation stated that the numbers of people arriving at A&E was not exceptional, but the hospital reached, at times, 100 per cent capacity or higher.
“The inability to match discharges to the surges in flow resulted in 30 per cent of patients waiting more than four hours in ED (Emergency Department) and the challenges for timely transfer from the ED to the wards continued to be a major contributor to the reasons patients were waiting in excess of the four hours,” the report said.
Of the 30 per cent of people left waiting more than four hours to be seen, more than half of them (58 per cent) were because staff couldn't find a bed for them.
More than a third (37 per cent) were because they were waiting to be seen in the first place.
The scale of the problem was consistent throughout December, and reached a peak on December 6, when 100 patients waited more than four hours. It dropped slightly to around 50 a day during the Christmas period, but peaked again to more than 100 two days running, on the Friday and Saturday before New Year.
Trust bosses have not yet seen figures for January, but they are understood to be as bad if not worse.
Director of Operations Kate Hannam told the board meeting of North Bristol NHS Trust: “We had one of the worst performances in the country, it was extraordinary, and that kind of pressure is continuing into January,” they said.
“We'd normally see a drop in the number of patients in hospital over the Christmas period, but we didn't see that.
“We expect to be at 75 per cent (of patients seen within four hours at A&E) for our January performance,” they added.
One factor that has meant January is expected to be as challenging for Southmead is that Australian flu has begun to hit Bristol – which wasn't really a factor during December, the board was told.
Hospital bosses are launching an investigation into the 12-hour trolley breach, with the progress of every single patient who enduring that being checked 14 days after it happened.
At the time, the Bristol Post revealed the extent of the crisis in a series of articles. The first showed leaked emails from the hospital's chief executive which showed that, on one day in early January the hospital was at 104 per cent capacity – there were more patients there than it was supposed to have when full.
The email from chief executive Andrea Young acknowledged that staff were ‘on their knees'.
The Post also reported the views of staff working at the hospital, who said their colleagues were ‘exhausted and losing hope' and staff generally were ‘horrified and ashamed at how some patients are put at risk'.
The trust's board meeting did hear that, following a decree by health secretary Jeremy Hunt in late December, many routine operations were cancelled – but that did not happen until January, and will have eased pressure slightly.
At the time in mid-January, Southmead's director of nursing and quality at North Bristol NHS Trust, Sue Jones, said: "Like hospitals across the country we have been experiencing significant demand at Southmead, as has been widely reported. Whilst we have had high numbers of 12-hour trolley breaches our priority at all times has been patient safety.
(Image: (Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images))
“The demand at our hospital has been the result of a combination of factors: we have patients who are well enough to leave hospital but are awaiting appropriate care packages or placements so that they can be discharged and we have very unwell patients coming to the Emergency Zone who need to be admitted to the wards.
“We always do our best to make beds available as quickly as possible, but we understand that it is not ideal for patients to wait this long and apologise to any patients and their relatives who have experienced this. Patients in the Emergency Department are transferred onto a bed from a trolley as soon as we can, and then moved to the ward on their bed.
“Please be assured that we have plans in place to help us care for patients safely at busy times and would like to reassure people that we will continue to focus on providing the best care we can.
“We would like to thank our staff for all their hard work and compassionate care during this time,” they added.
*Have you or a relative been left on a trolley at Southmead Hospital? If you want to share your story, please get in touch by emailing bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk
Caitlyn Rintoul (@caitlynrintoul)
17yo girl fighting for their life after Wylie Bay shark attack. #esperance pic.twitter.com/kCNdidIXa6
April 17, 2017
A 17-year-old girl has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia.Monday's attack happened at Kelp Beds, near Wylie Bay in Esperance, just before 4pm, police said.The girl was surfing with their father when they were attacked and was taken to Esperance hospital in a critical condition. The girl's mother and two sisters reportedly watched in horror from the beach as the teenager was grabbed by the shark.It is understood their leg was badly mauled and they had lost a lot of blood when pulled from the water, Seven News reported.The family was reportedly on an Easter holiday.Two people were killed by sharks in Western Australia last year: 29-year-old surfer Ben Gerring was attacked at Falcon, 80km south of Perth, on 31 May, and 60-year-old Doreen Ann Collyer died while diving off Mindarie, 40km north of Perth, on 5 June.In October 2014, Sean Pollard lost part of both their arms when they were attacked while surfing in Wylie Bay.Australian Associated Press contributed to this report
"I think everyone in the league sort of envies their success to some extent, and rightfully so," said Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson, whose team will try to take down the Patriots this time around. "They've been there, done that many times, and that's something that every other team would love to have."
Those who focus solely on this Groundhog Day-like moment miss the bigger picture.
It all began way back in 2001, just days after the horror of 9-11, when Brady took over as quarterback for longtime starter Drew Bledsoe, who went down with an injury after signing a 10-year contract extension.
With their unheralded, sixth-round draft pick leading the way, the Patriots went on to capture the first of what has grown to five Super Bowl titles.
But, in a sense, those crowns are merely the toppers on an enormous cake.
More impressive in our eyes are the 17 straight winning seasons, only one with fewer than 10 victories. More impressive are the 15 AFC East championships, including the current run of nine in a row. More impressive are the 12 appearances — and eight triumphs — in the AFC championship game. More impressive is staying on top with an ever-changing cast of characters, accumulated through all manner of signings, trades and late-round draft picks.
Ever changing, that is, except for Belichick's singularly focused coaching genius and the 40-year-old Brady's age-defying excellence on the field.
For those looking for a respite, don't count on it anytime soon. Even that scathing ESPN article, which alleged a major rift between Belichick and Brady (and was quickly denied by all), sounded a bit like wishful thinking.
Asked if he's thought about how long they want to coach, Belichick gave a typical response.
"My focus is on Sunday," the 65-year-old droned. "That's my window right now."
Brady was downright defiant about their desire to keep playing.
"Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?" they said. "I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the other guys, but I'm really enjoying it."
Of course, there are those that will say the Patriots cheated their way to the top, and there's no denying they claimed a virtual monopoly on "gates" with accusations of spying on opponents and deflating footballs.
And, sure, they've carried themselves with all the smugness of a team that knows it's better than everyone else. For instance, their most recent championship rings came with 283 diamonds, a karated commemoration of New England's historic comeback from a 28-3 deficit in last year's Super Bowl.
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank, whose team was on the wrong end of that comeback, was not amused by the not-so-subtle jab. In August, they confronted their New England counterpart, Robert Kraft.
"I said to Robert, 'You didn't have to do the 28-3 in the ring,'" Blank said in a New York Times Magazine article chronicling the 2016 season. "It kind of (ticked) me off."
The Falcons won't get a chance at revenge. Not this year, at least.
They were eliminated on the second weekend of the playoffs by the Eagles.
The Patriots, to no one's surprise, are back again.
Yeah, it's getting a little old.
But, before you flip the channel Sunday, take a moment to savour the greatness.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
Sean Hannity's Real Estate Portfolio Raises Journalism Ethics Questions The talk show host reportedly amassed a big real estate portfolio during the foreclosure crisis. Some homes were purchased with HUD support, which they didn't reveal when interviewing the HUD secretary.
South Korea's top diplomat said Monday the government is mulling countermeasures to deal with China's recent curbs on Korean businesses and cultural products in an apparent retaliation against Seoul's missile shield plan.
In July, South Korea and the U.S. announced a plan to station the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery this year to defend against growing missile threats from North Korea. China has argued that its strong radar system could hurt its strategic security interest.
China has recently increased restrictions on products and pop culture from South Korea, which Beijing says have little to do with the diplomatic feud.
“Necessary measures are being discussed in the government,” Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se told reporters in a press meeting.
“If our government determines that it is necessary, countermeasures will be taken in an appropriate manner.”
They said that efforts should be made to determine the “exact” reason and nature of actions before preparing such countermeasures, adding that much of the process has been completed.
Media reports showed China has banned South Korean hallyu stars from appearing on its TV shows and rejected a request by airlines to operate planes bound for South Korea. Beijing has also reportedly decided not to provide state subsidies to environment-friendly cars equipped with Korean-made batteries.
The Seoul government sees Beijing engaged in veiled retaliation for the THAAD deployment. But in a meeting with South Korean reporters in Beijing last month, a Chinese official handling Korean affairs denied any state involvement in such measures. (Yonhap)
Chandigarh: The ruling Congress built a formidable lead of over 16,000 votes in the Shiromani Akali Dal stronghold of Shahkot in Punjab after seven rounds of counting in the by-election to the Assembly seat on Thursday.
Congress candidate Hardev Singh Ladi Sherowalia was leading over their Shiromani Akali Dal rival Naib Singh Kohar after the first few rounds of counting.
Ladi received over 34,000 votes while Kohar got only around 18,000 votes.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) candidate Rattan Singh was trailing fair behind. They got just over 1,100 votes.
The seat fell vacant following the death of sitting Akali Dal legislator Ajit Singh Kohar in February.
Kohar, a former minister, was elected five times from this seat. Their son Naib Singh Kohar was fielded by the Akali Dal.
The Shahkot seat remained a stronghold of the Akali Dal for over two decades in the past.
There were 12 candidates in the fray this time. A total of 76 per cent voting was reported on May 28.
Punjab has a Congress government since March 2017.
Lisa Dudley, and their partner, Guthrie McKay were shot in their Mission home in September 2008
Guthrie McKay and Lisa Dudley were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
After 10 years of waiting, Rosemarie Surakka's request for a public inquest into the death of their daughter is going forward.
Surakka's daughter, Lisa Dudley, and their partner, Guthrie McKay, were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
The BC Coroners Service announced Tuesday it has scheduled a public inquest into Dudley's death for June 11 in Burnaby.
The inquest was announced initially in 2010. According to a news release, the dates were confirmed only now, so as not to interfere with criminal proceedings, which concluded in 2017.
In 2008, McKay died at the scene, but Dudley, who was 37 at the time, stayed alive for four days before finally being discovered by a neighbour. They were airlifted to hospital, but died later that day.
Last February, a B.C. Supreme Court judge dismissed Surakka's lawsuit claiming the RCMP failed to properly investigate the death of their daughter.
Four men were eventually convicted: Jack Woodruff, Justin MacKinnon, Bruce Main and Thomas Holden.
During the investigation and four separate trials, court heard that Cpl. Mike White, the RCMP officer responding to a shots-fired call at the couple's home, left the scene after being there for approximately 10 minutes, without going inside, and did not follow up the next day.
Four years later, White was reprimanded and docked one day's pay following a review by the adjudication board.
The coroner had also previously announced its intention to hold an inquest into the death of McKay.
While the circumstances of both deaths were explored through criminal proceedings, the release said, Dudley's death raises issues that are not applicable to McKay's death, so an inquest will not be held.
© Reuters
No one has yet claimed responsibility for the attack, but Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) frequently targets civilian locations in Iraq. Twenty-nine people were killed in three Baghdad bombings just on Saturday.The string of attacks comes just days after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi said that it would take the Iraqi army backed by US-led coalition some three months to drive IS from the country.Iraqi forces have been conducting an operation to retake Mosul, the Iraq's second largest city, from IS since October.It has been reported that some 1.5 million civilians may still be trapped in the city, unable to flee.
There's something for everyone happening in and around Lancashire over the weekend:
FREE: Supercar Showtime, Hoghton, Sunday, June 3
Preston's Flag Market will see hopefuls battling out to be crowned King and Queen of this year's Caribbean Carnival
There will be 100 supercars on show at Hoghton Tower, near Preston, and they're a spectacular group of cars. There will be representation from Porsche, McLaren, Rolls-Royce, Ferrari, Lamborghini, Bentley, Aston Martin and many more. The event is a static car show, open to the public from 9.30am until 1pm. There is also a raffle and auction, which will be held around 12pm. There will be children's activities and a children's raffle. The event is being held to raise money for Derian House. Visit https://supercarshowtime.co.uk for more information.
FREE: The Eden Project Big Lunch, Preston, Sunday, June 3
Families are invited to The Eden Project Big Lunch from 11am until 4pm. The event, held at Ashton Park, in Pedders Lane, is an opportunity for communities to get together and enjoy a range of activities. There will be a bouncy castle, fun fair rides, an F1 simulation, pony rides and crazy golf. There is also an opportunity for children aged nine and 10 to compete in penalty shoot-outs from noon until 3pm. Funds raised from the Big Lunch will go towards a host of charities, including Cash For Kids and St John Ambulance.
FREE: People are Poetry, Preston, Saturday, June 2
Expect traditional dancing and more at the Lancashire Heritage Day in Nelson
Join Chanje Kunda for a creative writing workshop as a celebration of the self. “We are all marvellous. Little bodies, big bodies, everybody. People are poetry.” You will be invited to play with words and create your own poem. Poets paint pictures with words and the poem you make will be a self-portrait. Inspired by Lubiana Himid's exhibition Hard Times and one of their key messages that ‘everybody matters'. It's being held at the Harris Museum and Art Gallery from 1.30pm. Picture by Wild Ginger Photography.
PAID: Beaverbrooks Bike Ride, Lytham, Sunday, June 3
With over 800 riders taking part each year, the Beaverbrooks Bike Ride is a popular event. Whether you are a beginner or a little more adventurous, with five routes to choose from there is something to suit everyone. The bike ride is a family friendly event. Starts from AKS Lytham Independent School, Clifton Drive, in Lytham. Runs from 8am until 10am. Admission is £12 for adults and £6 for children. For more information and to register visit www.trinityhospice.co.uk/events/beaverbrooksbikeride_2018/
FREE: Accrington Food and Drink Festival, Accrington, Saturday, June 2
Blackpool's Grand Theatre is the stunning venue for Photographic Sessions - The Basics
Last year's revamped and revitalised event was one of Accrington's biggest crowd-pullers, with more than 10,000 people filling the town centre for a day filled with flavours and family fun. Expect live food demonstrations with celebrity chef Richard Fox, international and regional food markets, hands on science for children, D-Day commemorations, cake workshop and much more, there will be something for everyone. Runs from 10am until 4pm in Accrington town centre.
PAID: Lancaster Castle Guided Tour, Lancaster, Saturday, June 2 and Sunday, June 3
With origins dating all the way back to the Romans, this fascinating collection of buildings has been a centre for justice, incarceration and penal reform for almost 1,000 years. Join knowledgeable and friendly tour guides and be taken through tales of witchcraft, religious persecution, crime and punishment, rehabilitation and release throughout the ages. Tours run regularly, throughout the day, from 10.30am (10am at weekends) until 4.00pm. Tickets £8, with concessions at £6.50.
PAID: Me and My Girl, Blackpool, from Wednesday, May 30 until Saturday, June 2
Top drummer Luke Flowers is making a guest appearance for Pinto Beans in Preston
Blackpool & Fylde Light Opera Company present Me and My Girl at The Grand Theatre in Blackpool. The musical is set in the glittering 1930s and tells the story of an unapologetically unrefined cockney gentleman named Bill Snibson, who learns that they are the 14th heir to the Earl of Hareford. Bill must choose between fitting in with proper society or losing their girl, fishmonger's assistant Sally Smith. Curtain uptimes and ticket prices vary. To book visit www.blackpoolgrand.co.uk/event/me-and-my-girl/ or call 01253 290190.
PAID: Down by the Riverside Festival, Lancaster, Friday, June 1 and Saturday, June 2
Down By The Riverside is a unique festival set on the banks of the River Wyre in the beautiful heartland of Bowland, the ancient hunting ground of the Kings. Expect all the usual festival goodies with live music stages, DJs, craft ales, cocktails, foods from around the world, funfairs, activities, workshops, camping and glamping.But what sets this festival apart is the stunning outdoor theatre and riverside beach with mermaid. Visit https://downbytheriversidefestival.com to book.
PAID: Guided Walks around Morecambe & Heysham, Morecambe, Saturday, June 2
Let Peter Wade take you on a guided walk in Morecambe. The theme for this walk is The Train Now Standing and it's a trackside walk in search of the sites of Morecambe's many past railway stations. Meet at The Platform, Marine Road Central in Morecambe for a 2pm prompt start. Admission is £3 per person. Suitable clothing and footwear is recommended. Peter also offers guided walks around Lancaster and along the Lune. Call 01524 420905 to book.
PAID: The Silent Island Disco, Preston, Sunday, June 3
Starting with a crafty family arts session Our Kids Social will get your creative juices flowing and you can let your imagination run wild. With themed activities to make and do together, they will focus on bringing together the beautiful outdoors landscape and their funky disco beats. Then it's time to grab your dancefloor props, put on your dancing shoes and get ready to boogie. Recommended age of four plus. Tickets are £6.75 and must be booked from https://ourkidssocial.ticketlight.co.uk
FREE: Preston Caribbean Carnival King & Queen Competition, Preston, Saturday, May 2
Each year, the Preston Caribbean Carnival procession is led by one King and one Queen. Take the family to Preston's Flag Market on Saturday and witness competitors dance, entertain and flaunt their costumes, battling it out to win this year's King and Queen titles. The main Carnival procession, held on Sunday, June 10, will be made up of a number of individual bands. Each band who is involved in the Carnival will put forward one King and one Queen into the competition to showcase their costumes in a dazzling display of dance and music. From 12.30pm until 4pm.
FREE: Lancashire Heritage Day, Nelson, Sunday, June 3
Head to the Heritage Centre in Nelson on Sunrday for this fun day. The Malkin Morris Dancers will perform traditional dances from the local area. You can also expect Lancashire poetry, wool spinning demonstrations, Lancashire book stall, tombola and a raffle. You will also be serenaded by the Secret Singers. Runs from 11am until 4pm.
PAID: An Evening with Paul Gascoigne, Bolton, Saturday, June 2
Known simple as Gazza, Paul Gascoigne is a former professional footballer originally from Gateshead. They played for Newcastle United between 1985 and 1988. At this special event at the Bolton Wanderers Macron Stadium they will speak in their own words about their life and career on and off the pitch. The evening will include a full interview with Paul, a Q&A with Paul, live entertainment, charity auction, and a opportunity to have a professional photo with Paul. It's on Saturday night, from 6pm. Various packages are available - to book visit www.goldstarpromotionsuk.co.uk or call 01253 590928.
PAID: Photographic Sessions - The Basics, Blackpool, Monday, June 4 and Tuesday, June 5
Love photography or want to take up a new skill for 2018? Why not join internationally renowned photographer Sean Conboy for a unique Photographic Session – The Basics at the Grand Theatre, Blackpool. These sessions are just under 5 hours and will provide you with a variety of skills needed to photograph beautiful structures and interiors. There are sessions on Monday and Tuesday, from 10am until 3pm. Tickets: £40. To book call 01253 290190.
FREE: Pinto Beans, Preston, Sunday, June 3
There's a rare treat in store for jazz fans on Sunday. For drummer Luke Flowers will be the special guest of local jazz masters Pinto Beans. The Cinematic Orchestra percussionist will be joining Harold Salisbury, king of the saxophone and the rest of the band - Norm Helm on bass and Tom Vernon on guitar. Its' at Mad Hatters from 9pm. Admission is free.
CONCORD, N.C. — Bill Elliott remembers taking their son to a kart race out west that Chase Elliott badly wanted to win. They were just a little boy and when they spun their kart, they couldn't get it restarted and their shot at victory was gone.
"He was devastated," Elliott recalled with a laugh. "It's just their DNA."
A dozen or so years later, Chase Elliott is still very hard on himself.
The latest disappointment came last week at Dover when their first Cup Series victory was right in front of him. But with just over a lap remaining, Kyle Busch chased them down and denied Elliott their long overdue first trip to victory lane. He'd been close to a Cup win before, but this defeat was by far the most painful for one of NASCAR's emerging stars.
"That's as close as I've been finishing one off, and when you go through defeats like that, I don't think you'll ever forget it," Chase Elliott said. "There is no silver lining. It was nobody's fault but my own, and I take full responsibility for it.
The hurt hung with Elliott for a day or two, but moving past the disappointment is paramount to their ability to learn how to win in a Cup car. Their first chance at redemption comes Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway, the opening race in the second round of NASCAR's playoffs. The field of 16 drivers has been cut to 12, and with unpredictable Talladega Superspeedway looming next week, Elliott wants to knock out a strong finish at Charlotte.
"I think you take that frustration (from Dover) and everything that came with giving that race away and apply it to the upcoming week," Elliott said. "This is an important round."
Elliott has leaned on Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson, the seven-time NASCAR champion, as well as their Hall of Fame father in dealing with the disappointments that come from racing. It was Johnson who got to Elliott's car first at Dover to give Elliott a chance to calm down before facing television cameras .
Johnson's advice to Elliott was to learn from Dover, even though Johnson wasn't sure how Elliott could have changed their strategy to hold off Busch. Elliott had taken command of the race by running a low line that they never adjusted, even though lapped traffic clogged the line and gave Busch the time to catch him.
"From where I was in third, I thought Chase made the right move protecting the bottom," said Johnson, an 11-time Dover winner. "But there are many pieces to that mental game of winning, and one is just not handing them to somebody. Like nine out of 10 times, Chase ran the exact right line. But there is a way to learn how to win them and I feel like Chase has put in their time and he's only going to be stronger for it."
If there's one problem just about every IT professional can relate to, it is the pain of a storage migration. Aging is part of life not only for us IT veterans, but also the storage systems we manage. Despite the fact that we've been having to move data off old storage for decades, the challenge of moving data from one storage resource to another, without disrupting business, remains one of the most time consuming and stressful projects for an IT team.
Many of the IT professionals I speak with tell me that their migrations are scheduled over months, and can even take a year to plan and execute. It's no surprise then that IT professionals named migrations as the number two issue facing their departments in a recent survey. Only performance presents a bigger challenge for today's IT professionals.
Migrations are not performed only when storage hardware is retired, they are also performed to clear inactive data off still usable hardware. This task is typically not performed as often as it could be since it can be hard to figure out what data is inactive data (and where the inactive data is located) so it can be archived or moved. This equates to significant overspending on storage capacity. As a business matures, IT manages more and more storage over time, creating significant complexity and risk. If a long-time IT employee leaves, it's not uncommon for teams to struggle with determining the history of the data and storage infrastructure they were managing.
Migration pain also creates challenges for IT teams who are now eager to adopt the cloud for agility and savings. The savings the cloud makes possible means that it's best used for archival today, but again, there is the problem of knowing what data is cold and when that data can be safely archived without affecting applications. The breadth and diversity of storage resources found in most enterprises today severely limits visibility into data activity across the storage ecosystems.
Fix the problem at its root
The problem at the root of migrations is the fact that storage systems have long been islands isolated unto themselves. Fixing the pain of storage migrations starts with an architecture shift to make these different storage resources simultaneously available to applications.
Data virtualization abstracts the logical view of data from where it physically resides, making it possible to create a global namespace that pools previously isolated storage resources. With software that analyzes metadata – the data about your data – IT can finally see which files are active, which are sitting idle, and when they were last opened or edited. Insight into the costs of each storage tier can then help IT set policies and determine which resource they need to fit business needs, whether those requirements are to maximize application performance, minimize costs, or somewhere in the middle.
Once IT has set their operating requirements for their datasets, a metadata engine can automatically ensure those policies are met. When a threshold for performance or costs is triggered, data can be moved without application interruption, automatically placing files to the best storage resource to meet business needs.
Second life, serious savings
Beyond the ease of automated data mobility, one of the great benefits of integrating different storage resources into a global namespace is that it can give existing resources a second life. Once the pain of migrations becomes obsolete, older storage can become secondary or intermediate archival tiers rather than being retired. With the majority of IT professionals estimating that 60% or more of their data is inactive, repurposing older systems to serve as secondary or intermediate archival resources gives IT much more capacity to put to use instead of just spending on a bulk purchase of high performance storage. In addition, intelligent data management software can give IT real data to show executives what investments are really required to enable business success.
Bespoke at scale
Data management has long been a one-size fits most practice. With data virtualization and intelligent metadata management, IT can customize how to balance the conflicting expectations to deliver performance, while keeping budget in check by making the most of their existing storage resources. Not only do migration schedules get shorter, manual migrations can actually become antiquated as automated data mobility helps IT respond in real time to changing application needs with more agility than ever before.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
New Delhi: A year after urging travellers to bring alive the child in them through MP main dil hua bacche sa campaign, Madhya Pradesh Tourism is back with a new television commercial for its water festival called Jal Mahotsav.
The festival, which takes place at the Hanuwantiya Island situated in the backwaters of the Indira Sagar Dam on River Narmada near Khandwa city, will be held from 15 October to 2 January 2018.
In its third year now, Jal Mahotsav offers fun experiences on land, air and water, from cruising in a hot air balloon to speeding on a jet ski, from zip lining over the island to enjoying a languid cruise in the back waters.
Created by advertising agency Ogilvy & Mather, the television spot brings alive the many splendours of the water festival through a child's imagination. The film opens with water colour paintings depicting a bunch of young kids indulging in water sports. The agency has used what is called stop motion technology to bring the ads alive.
“Since the brief was to create excitement around Jal Mahotsava, a magnificent event that happens on an island of Hanuwantiya where water related sports and activities take place, we thought using water colour paintings created by children would be the best way to capture that fun and excitement,” said Azazul Haque, chief creative officer, Ogilvy Bengaluru.
The film, which took about three months to complete, has been shot with over 700 water colour paintings, where the key frames were painted by children and the style was carried forward by more than 30 professional artists. “To make the characters in the paintings move was a Herculean task. Rajesh and Vidya, the directors of the film, played a significant role in helping us overcome this task. Several thousand paintings were created and finally 700 plus paintings were used with ‘stop motion' technique to create this magic. Even the words in the song are kept childish and only the sound of water drops and Ghatam (a clay tumbler) are used to create the music,” added Mahesh Gharat, chief creative officer, Ogilvy Bengaluru.
Madhya Pradesh Tourism and Ogilvy & Mather have a decade-old partnership where the agency has created some of the most charming and memorable campaigns. In 2006, Madhya Pradesh Tourism released an ad called Bioscope which presented popular tourist attractions of the state viewed through a bioscope. It was followed by the Eyes ad in 2009 which depicted a traveller's experience in exploring the state.
In 2010, came the much talked about the Shadow campaign which depicted various tourist attractions of the state through shadowgraphy or ombromanie—the art of performing a story using images made by hand shadows. The board rolled out the Colours ad themed around the festival of Holi in 2013.
Calling it as one of their favourite pieces of tourism advertising, Sreekumar PuthanVeetil, creative director - copy at advertising agency Law & Kenneth Saatchi & Saatchi finds the new ad charming. “Though not terribly fresh, I like the style, it has got a hummable tune and does justice to the idea of inviting travellers to visit the state and attend the festival,” they said.
PuthanVeetil feels it is unfair to compare the new campaign with the previous work because all of them have their own character and purpose.
Given a choice, they said, they would have changed the background score. “I think I'd have done without the kids singing,” they concluded.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he's selling their upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making their sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
They didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after they won.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers supporters won't hold fond memories of Saturday's 3-2 defeat at Plymouth Argyle after what was a bizarre game.
Graham Carey converted a 85th minute penalty to seal a crucial win for the Pilgrims despite Rovers leading twice at Home Park.
The results leave the Gas in 10th place, seven points away from Plymouth in sixth with nine games to play.
Off the field, there appears to have a a 'miracle story' with the home support.
Plymouth Herald reporter Jak Ball was filming an Argyle fan going up and down in their wheelchair, enjoying some banter with the supporters when suddenly, the ‘miracle' happened.
Without wanting to give it all away, it was like something out of the Little Britain TV show, where the character Andy Pipkin feigns the need for a wheelchair to their carer, Lou Todd!
Of course, we don't know the full extent of this man's medical condition, but it seems that Plymouth's dramatic win was enough to bring them to their feet.
PITTSBURGH — Four months ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators spent six games trading shots and momentum in a spirited tug-of-war for the Stanley Cup that ended with the Penguins skating away with their second straight title.
A rematch looms Saturday night, though don't expect either team to get nostalgic. The new season is three days old and both teams appear to be struggling to emerge from a Cup hangover.
The Penguins? Sidney Crosby and company have allowed 15 goals in two games, including the franchise's worst loss of the Crosby era in a 10-1 meltdown in Chicago on Thursday night that the NHL's biggest star called "embarrassing."
Time to table the talk of a "three-peat." At this point, Pittsburgh would settle for playing three periods of competent hockey.
"It's a tough lesson but we got to take something from it," Crosby said. "Hopefully it's a wakeup call from us."
Nashville didn't create quite as big of a mess during a 4-3 setback in Boston on Thursday night. Still, the Predators never led and needed a pair of goals in the final 108 seconds to make the final score more competitive than their play.
"We need to be a lot better in a lot of areas," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. "I think our entire group needs to be better."
The last time the Predators played at PPG Paints Arena, they arrived with the Cup finals tied at 2. Any chance of upsetting the defending champions evaporated in the first period of Game 5, when the Penguins poured in three goals past Pekka Rinne on their way to a 6-0 victory to reclaim control of the series. Pittsburgh clinched its first Cup back in "Smashville" with a taut 2-0 triumph in Game 6, the series decided on Patric Hornqvist's goal with just 1:25 left in the third period.
"You have all those things, those memories in your head and I'm sure you think about them before the game," Rinne said. "But still, it is a huge game right now for us - we are down 0-1 this season so we have to get back on track."
Maybe, but not nearly as much as the Penguins. Pittsburgh raised its Cup banner Wednesday night but ended up falling to St. Louis 5-4 in overtime thanks in large part to a defence that surrendered wide swaths of the ice to the Blues. A night later, the Penguins were even worse against the Blackhawks. Chicago scored five goals in the first period alone and it only seemed to get worse.
A survey of 300 women conducted by a local media outlet shows that sexual harassment is still present and gradually increasing in the Pakistani workplace.
This survey was conducted by the publication through online questionnaires and interviews in Karachi, Islamabad, Lahore, Peshawar and included working women from various industries.
61 per cent of the women surveyed said their employers did not force them to keep quiet about the harassment, but an alarming 35 per cent of the women said that they were specifically told to remain silent by their colleagues and bosses.
According to the survey, only 17 per cent of those who experienced harassment went to their organisation's internal inquiry committees with their complaints. 59 per cent reported that their management does take harassment seriously, but remains unable to do anything about the harassers.
Most of the women said that their management did not believe them when they approached them with their complaints.
It was found out during the survey that harassment is being faced by women in all areas including medicine, technology, parliament, police, law, etcetera.
It was also revealed that most women are facing aggressive behaviours by their managers which is tantamount to harassment as it creates humiliating work conditions for female employees.
According to Nighat Dad of the Digital Rights Foundation, women should approach their management with the harassment issues as when women protect harassers they are actually ‘enabling' these men and their misconduct.
More than half of the women who were surveyed said that they would leave their jobs if harassed. For 12 per cent, reactions of workplaces and families would determine whether they stayed after harassment or not.
Legal experts argue that though sexual harassment in public spaces is now punishable by imprisonment and/or a fine, it has not served its purpose given the shortfalls of the criminal justice system.
HOLYOKE -- Two people had to be extricated from the wreckage of a pickup truck after it crashed into a tree Tuesday afternoon on Northampton Street near its intersection with Lincoln Street.
Holyoke Fire Department spokesperson Kevin Cavagnac said the 3:30 p.m. crash pinned the two occupants of a Nissan pickup in the wreckage until firefighters were able to use hydraulic cutters, spreaders and rams to peel the top of the truck away and lift the dashboard off the lap of one of the occupants.
Cavagnac said the two occupants were transported to an area hospital with what they called "non-life threatening" injuries.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
There are tons of beauty tips out there for women but most times, they are written for white women. Black women often battle for beauty tips that deal with their issues, that help them find makeup with the right pigmentation for their skin tone, and tips that actually work. We have curated some top tips for you to try at home and enjoy some new techniques.
Nourishing Natural Hair
Jojoba oil has been a popular product to use for nourishing natural hair. It is definitely an item to keep on hand to keep your roots from drying out. Argan oil has been making big waves over the years for being a better option. Argan oil provides:
Hydration in a natural way
Creates softer hair, reducing roughness
Enhances elasticity and prevents breakage
Nourishing to the scalp, promoting hair growth
Restores smoothness and makes hair manageable
Has vitamin E which repairs damaged hair
Restores luster and shine to dry hair
Perfect for repairing damage from styling tools and products
Argan oil can easily be applied to the hair prior to a bath. Saturate the hair and then massage into the scalp for ten minutes. Wrap your head in a hot towel and let sit for at least 30 minutes. Afterwards, take your bath and wash your hair. We recommend using the argan oil once a week for highly damaged hair or once every two weeks for slightly damaged or maintaining healthy hair. You can find argan oil at any beauty shop or at companies like LumiBloom.
Get Ready for Spring with Your Eyebrows
Your spring makeup look will look fabulous when you can get your eyebrow game in check. Before you apply your eyebrow pencil, let's make sure you have the right color. If your hair is dark, make sure your brow pencil is one to two shades lighter than your hair. If you have opted for light hair (such as blonde), you want your brow pencil to be one to two shades darker. If it's too light, you won't be able to tell you have worked your eyebrows at all. Too dark and your eyebrows will overpower your beautiful face. If you happen to have hair color of a bolder color (think reds, blues, purple, etc), use a natural shade that falls in line with your natural hair color.
Select some concealer that is as close to your natural skin tone as possible. Too light and you will lose the naturalness of your eyebrows. Too dark and it could make your eyebrows look too thick and dark. The concealer just needs to highlight around your brows to give them a pop.
Lastly, grab a spooly for your eyebrows. It looks similar to a mascara applicator. Use it on the eyebrows to smooth out the pencil and concealer so that it blends and looks natural.
Treat Your Skin Well
One of the biggest tricks of the trade is taking care of the skin. Of course, you should be drinking plenty of water to naturally hydrate your skin and keep oils in check. However, some of us still struggle with oily and dry skin and it must be dealt with.
For oily skin, wash your face gently and use cleansers for sensitive skin. You can also use clay masks once a week to help draw out the excess oils. It is suggested that you keep oil blotters in your purse so that should you have an attack of oil, you can blot them at any time.
For dry skin, stop using soap. Especially if you are dealing with flaky, or “ashy”, skin. Soap dries the skin out even more. Look for bath gels or gentle cleansers that do not contain alcohol. Moisturize often and keep some hand lotion on you so that you can hydrate your skin throughout the day.
Fortunately, we are seeing more beauty tips for ethnic women hitting websites and YouTube more often as we speak out for help. Plenty of information is available on low-cost care and DIY projects that will help you take care of you the best you can!
If Doc Rivers had any advice for Steve Kerr, it would probably be to forget about Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry at the All-Star Game.
Worry about making Russell Westbrook happy, instead.
Rivers said their strategy when they coached the midseason game was to make sure the guys who could beat them later weren't mad at him, even at the expense of playing time for their own players.
“I made sure they loved me, the other ones,” Rivers said. “I knew my guys liked me. That was not my concern.”
Kerr will coach the Western Conference in Sunday's game in New Orleans, and their team includes four of their own Golden State players and Westbrook. Judging by the way Durant and Westbrook barked at each other Saturday when the Warriors played in Oklahoma City for the first time since Durant switched teams over the summer, it's clear some icy feelings remain.
Rivers coached the East in 2008 and 2011 while with Boston, and they didn't bother asking their Celtics who they wanted to play with, or how much they wanted to play.
“Like, I would bench them,” Rivers said. “But I didn't want some guy trying to score 50 on us when we played them, so I was really good at that and I went to each guy, ‘How much do you want to play? Do you want to play?'”
Kerr led the West to victory in 2015 as a rookie coach. They remember congratulating the players selected and poking fun at them with a light-hearted video — which may not work again with Westbrook's intensity — and recalls doing little coaching until the end.
“I remember handing the ball to Chris Paul seven straight times and turning to the assistants and saying, ‘You know, what a phenomenal coaching job that was, giving the ball to Chris like that,'” they joked. “Nobody else could have thought of that.”
(Yonhap)
US Vice President Mike Pence's official remarks that Washington would review the 5-year-old bilateral trade deal between South Korea and the US may be only confined to a partial review of trade terms in certain industries, experts said Tuesday.Earlier in the day, Pence said the US trade deficit with Korea has more than doubled in the five years since the Korea-US free trade agreement began in 2012.“That's the hard truth,” the visiting vice president said during a speech at a gathering of US business executives operating in Korea and Korean business executives investing in the US at the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea in Seoul.“Our businesses continue to face too many barriers of entry which tilts the playing field against the American workers and American growth. We are reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners.”He added that the US government would “reform the KORUS (FTA) in the days ahead.”It was the first time a high-ranking US government official had made a public comment about the possibility of a renegotiation of the Korea-US FTA since US President Donald Trump took office.Trump had said in their presidential campaign that they would pursue an “America First” policy in trade and make adjustments to the terms of the free trade deal with South Korea, which they said was killing US jobs.Experts were cautious over the degree to which the US would demand a reform of the FTA with Korea.“While it's obvious that the US is trying to make the deal more advantageous to them, the review of the FTA could be negative for the Korean economy (compared to maintaining it). Korea's auto exports, for example, could be hit if the US raises tariffs in the auto sector,” Yim No-jung, an analyst at Yuhwa Securities, said.“But I don't think the US would want an overhaul of the trade deal. Rather, it will be a partial one, even though I'm not sure exactly which sector they would want to renegotiate.”An official at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry, who attended the AMCHAM meeting and listened directly to Pence's speech, said they considered Pence's remarks as just rhetoric.“His talks were more focused on the benefits of the FTA with Korea, how it boosted bilateral trade and Korean investment in the US,” the official said on condition of anonymity.“He was talking to US business people, not to the Korean government at a negotiation table.”Pence said that since the Korea-US FTA went into effect, the US' goods and services exports have increased by more than 6 percent, and service exports alone have risen by almost 30 percent to a record high of $21.6 billion. South Korea is the sixth-largest trading partner for the US.Jeong Hye-sun, a researcher at the Institute for International Trade, a research unit of the Korea International Trade Association, also shared the view of the KCCI official.“Pence's comments (on the FTA) are nothing new and similar to those by Trump. It is too premature to worry about the impact. We will keep monitoring the developments though,” they said.A government official in charge of trade with North America at the Trade Ministry was not available for comment.By Kim Yoon-mi (yoonmi@heraldcorp.com)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Barba provided a dazzling reminder of their talent as St Helens laid down an early marker by putting Castleford to the sword.
Full-back Barba had shown glimpses of the form that made them the NRL's best player in five appearances at the end of last season.
By their own admission they had yet to fully find their feet - but this was certainly a step in the right direction.
Barba touched down twice and created four other tries, including a hat-trick for England centre Mark Percival.
It was more than enough to account for a disappointing Tigers side who have not won away at St Helens since 1992.
1. Tale of two Bens
There was plenty of pre-match focus on opposing full-backs Ben Barba and Ben Roberts for differing reasons.
Saints star Barba is being widely tipped as a potential Man of Steel after showing flashes of their genius at the end of last season.
Roberts has the pressure of replacing a former Man of Steel in suspended Zak Hardaker for the Tigers.
It's fair to say that man of the match Barba came out on top.
The home full-back touched down twice and had a hand in everything their side did well, as well as dumping last year's top try scorer Greg Eden into touch when they threatened to break away.
Roberts made a couple of notable errors including a knock-on close to their own line and allowing a Jonny Lomax 40/20 on a tough night for the Tigers.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
2. James Roby is a natural St Helens captain
That was never really in doubt, given Roby's influence at the club for over a decade.
But in their first match as new skipper - and their 400th for the club - the England hooker showed all the right qualities to lead Justin Holbrook's team this year.
As industrious and effective as ever, Roby epitomised the phrase leading their side from the front.
Can they lead Saints all the way this season?
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
3. Questions for Castleford
Of course, this is only week one of the season, and to read too much into 80 minutes of action would be folly.
But having been so dominant during the regular campaign last year, the manner of this defeat was at the very least a wake-up call for Daryl Powell's men.
They had precious little opportunity to showcase the thrilling style they displayed in 2017, due to being dominated up front, and made uncharacteristic mistakes with the ball.
Powell will be looking for an immediate response against Widnes a week on Sunday.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
4. No World Cup blues
Mark Percival certainly isn't dwelling on their World Cup disappointment on this evidence.
The left centre was reduced to a bit part role in Wayne Bennett's squad, featuring only in the group match against France.
But from the moment they split the Castleford defence to send Barba away for the opening try, Percival looked in the mood.
They finished with a hat-trick of tries - all from Barba passes - and the duo could form one of Super League's deadliest combinations this year.
5. Hope for the future
In an era where the bemoaning of a lack of homegrown half-backs is common, having two rising young stars line up against each other was a mouth-watering prospect.
Danny Richardson doubtless came out on top of any head-to-head assessment against Jake Trueman, but both players have a bright future.
Richardson linked well with Jonny Lomax and Ben Barba throughout, converted seven of Saints' eight tries and displayed a quality and varied kicking game.
That's a quality that teenager Trueman undoubtedly shares, although they found the going tougher.
With their side on the back foot they made handling errors before being withdrawn with a 68th minute injury, though they never wavered in their efforts.
Hopefully both players continue to get opportunities throughout the 2018 campaign.
If you're in your 20s or 30s, you might be starting to focus more on investing to reach your financial goals. Because of this, you also may be more attuned to moves in the financial markets.
Depending on your age, you may have only experienced the bull market of the past nine years, so you might not know what to expect — or how to respond — whenever the next bear market strikes.
Of course, just recently, you've witnessed a market correction — a drop of at least 10 per cent in the major stock market indices, such as the TSX or S&P 500. This sudden plunge made big news and reminded many investors of how volatile the financial markets can be. But a full-fledged bear market usually isn't identified until the markets are down 20 percent from their recent highs. Plus, bear markets, unlike corrections, tend to linger for a while.
The last "bear" emerged from hibernation in October 2007 and stayed on the prowl until early March 2009. During that time, the S&P 500 declined by about 50 per cent. Clearly, investors were not happy — but the market recovered and moved to new heights. This long and strong run-up may have obliterated your bear market memories, if you ever had them at all. And that's why you might want to familiarize yourself with some of the bare facts about bear markets:
Bear markets may provide good buying opportunities. When gas is expensive, you may just buy a few gallons at a time — but when the price falls, you're probably more likely to fill up your tank. The same principle can apply to investing – when stock prices are down, your investment dollars will buy more shares. And the more shares you own, the greater your ability to build wealth once the share price rises. In short, a bear market may provide you with a chance to buy quality investments at good prices.
Bear markets don't last forever. No one can predict precisely how long bear markets will run, but they've typically been much shorter than bull markets. So, while you might not particularly like looking at your investment statement during a decline, you can take some comfort in knowing such downturns are a normal feature of the investment landscape.
Bear markets don't affect all investments equally. If you only own domestic stocks, your portfolio may well take a sizable hit during a bear market. But other types of investment vehicles may not be as directly affected — and some may even show positive results. Consequently, you could reduce the bear's "bite" if you also own a variety of other investments, such as international stocks, bonds, government securities and so on. However, while owning this type of diversified portfolio can help reduce the impact of market volatility, it does not guarantee profits or protect against losses. A bear market can be challenging. But by making the right moves, such as staying patient, looking for buying opportunities and maintaining a diversified portfolio, you may be able to prevent a market decline from becoming unbearable.
John Beyer, CFP, is a financial adviser with the Niagara Falls Brokerage firm of Edward Jones. Visit the website at www.edwardjones.com.
Marines assigned to Detachment 3 of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG) complete night operations training in the vicinity of Camp Upshur on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this portion of training, the Detachment, commanded by Major Andrew Bauer, familiarized the Marines with their night vision equipment over the course of a patrol.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166747 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0102 Resolution: 480x640 Size: 73 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Daily listings for live music, DJs, entertainment, activities, and events in and around Peterborough this week:
Thursday 7th:
The Lightbox
Live Music
Puzzles?, Bridge Street: Open mic with The Interim Room.
Pizza Parlour and Music Cafe: Holly Jean, 8-11pm.
DJ/Karaoke
The Brewery Tap: Party Night - Disco & Karaoke with resident DJ Rick Allen 9pm – 1 am free entry
Quiz
The Ruddy Duck, Peakirk: 8.30pm, £1
Charters, Town Bridge: 8pm, free, £20 bar tab prize for winning team,
Friday 8th:
Live Music
Blue Bell, Werrington: Live music every Friday.
Peterborough Conservative Club: Dale Andrews, 8.30pm. Free entry.
Charters: Children of the Revolution will be onboard to entertain you with a great repertoire of popular hits from across the decades from 10.30pm, free entry.
Clubs/DJ
Lightbox, Bridge Street: Electronic, 9pm to 1pm - read more.
The Solstice: Kiss FM's Steve Smart.
Brewery Tap: Thank Funk it's Friday 9pm -2am. Resident DJ Eddie Nash bringing you hits from back in the days of Shanghai Sams, L'Aristos & Canters, check out our great drinks deals behind the bar – 9pm -2am, free entry.
Sawtry Club: Rock and roll night, 8pm to 11.30pm
Disco/Karaoke
The Falcon, Whittlesey: No Silence Sounds disco, 8pm
Saturday 9th:
Live Music
Peterborough Conservative Club: Hi Definition, 8.30pm. Guests £2.
The Elmtree, Dogsthorpe: Tru British Mayhem, 9.15pm until late.
The Prince of Wales Feathers,Castor: Filthy Contact.
Indoor Bowls Club, Burton St: SPANGLER'S Christmas Party with the fabulous THRILLBILLIES. Bring your own party food, all kinds of dancing, cheap bar, large dance floor, big car park, everyone welcome, 7.30-11.30. £5.50 on the door, more info Jennifer 01733688324 or spanglerscountry.weebly.com.
Peterborough Regional College: Social Dance Night featuring the Mighty Wurlitzer and an electronic organ, played by Nicholas Martin. The evening starts at 7.30pm, (doors open at 7.00pm) and goes on until 10.30pm. Admission is just £5. Contact Paul on 01733 844497.
Clubs/DJ
The Lightbox, Bridge Street: Eclectic Ballroom with the best of soul, disco and funk from 9pm to 1am.
Charters: What The Funk! DJ Otis Roberts will be on the decks with special guest Asif. Playing the finest in funk, jazz, soul, disco grooves and beyond…… 9pm – 1am free entry.
Brewery Tap: Saturday Night Groove with Resident DJ Rick Allen bringing you a great selection of danceable hits from the 70s – the present day, accompanied by videos on the large screen, Free entry 9pm – 2am.
Brewery Tap (Tap Room): SLAM at the Attic & Shock were two rave nights which sent tremors across East Anglia and beyond in the early 90s and now It's back. 10pm – 2am , £4 entry.
Solstice, Northminster: NISH presents Shades of Rhythm & Ratpack.
Mama Liz's, Stamford: EHS – Funk / Hip Hop / Reggae / Groove – 9pm – Free
Disco/Karaoke
Carpenters Arms, Stanground: 4pm
Geneva Bar, Geneva Street: Kushty Karaoke, 9pm to 2am, free
Voodoo Lounge, Stamford: DR Gumbo's Soul Funk Stew – Funk N Soul N Cheese N Roll – 9pm – Free.
Concert
Peterborough Cathedral: The Military Wives Home for Christmas Cathedral Tour . Tickets: £27.50 online via Ticketmaster, or from Peterborough Information Centre, Bridge Street, Peterborough on 01733 452336.
Sunday 10th:
Live Music
Mama Liz's. Stamford: Pennyless, 4pm-6pm .
Charters: Sunday Sessions presents Division Duo. An afternoon of live entertainment, 3pm. Family friendly – free entry.
Karaoke
Carpenters Arms, Coates: 8pm
Quiz
Blue Bell, Werrington: Free pub quiz starts 8pm prompt.
The Crown, Lincoln Road: Quiz Night, Maximum teams of four, Pub Quiz 8pm, Cash Bingo 9:30pm
Monday 11th
Live Music
Charters: What the Thunder Said! Spoken Word Open Mic with Guest Host Ron Graves 8pm – late, free entry.
Tuesday 12:
Live Music
Pizza Parlour and Music Cafe: Open mic session hosted by Anna Radford from 7pm to 10pm.
Quizzes
Hungry Horse, Halcyon, Westwood: Quiz night and play your cards right,
Wednesday 13th:
Quizzes
Frothblowers Werrington: Free silent pub quiz, from 7pm to 8pm. Teams of 4 max. 3 prizes.
Thousands Of Migrants Trying To Reach Italy Rescued From Mediterranean
Thousands Of Migrants Trying To Reach Italy Rescued From Mediterranean Listen · 3:45 3:45
Updated at 2:45 p.m. ET
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that President Trump asked for Michael Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust" with their national security adviser.
The account differs from the impression the White House gave initially, framing it as Flynn's decision to step down amid questions about whether they inappropriately talked about U.S. sanctions with a Russian official and then subsequently misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
"The president was very concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others," Spicer said.
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday morning on NBC's Today Show that Flynn realized "he had become a lightning rod," leading to their resignation, and that "it was misleading the vice president that made the situation unsustainable."
Spicer underscored that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue" that led to Flynn's dismissal.
"The president must have complete and unwavering trust for the person in that position," the press secretary said. "The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for Gen. Flynn's resignation."
But throughout the tense White House briefing, Spicer offered up a conflicting timeline for how the phone call between Flynn and the Russian ambassador came to light, when the Department of Justice alerted the White House to issues from the conversation and how long it took the president to decide on Flynn's fate.
"We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to Gen. Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks, trying to ascertain the truth," Spicer said, even though Trump said Friday aboard Air Force One as they were traveling to their Mar-a-Lago resort that they aren't aware of a Washington Post story that said Flynn had misled Pence about their call with the Russian ambassador.
Attorney General Sally Yates (whom Trump later fired after they refused to defend their controversial travel and immigration ban) told the White House last month that the Justice Department believed Flynn had misled the White House about their conversations, NPR's Carrie Johnson reported on Monday.
Spicer said that White House aides were indeed briefed by the Justice Department, but then they also appeared to cast blame on the department for not acting more swiftly, asking, "Where was the Department of Justice in this?"
Despite the weeks-long delay in deciding Flynn's fate as controversy only grew, Spicer asserted that Trump had been "unbelievably decisive."
"The irony of all this has been the president has been incredibly tough on Russia," Spicer further claimed, despite the fact that Trump repeatedly praised Russia and President Vladimir Putin throughout the campaign and cast doubt on U.S. intelligence findings that the country conspired to meddle in the U.S. elections.
At the same time that Flynn made the call to the Russian ambassador over the Obama administration's sanctions for cyberattacks, the then-president-elect tweeted praise for Putin's decision not to respond immediately.
Spicer also echoed Trump's Tuesday-morning tweet, arguing that one major issue of concern was that "all of this information was leaked."
V.K. Sasikala is serving a four-year prison term in a disproportionate assets case.
Bengaluru: Jailed AIADMK leader V. K. Sasikala has applied for a 15-day parole to attend their husband M Natarajan's funeral and it is under consideration, prison sources said on Tuesday. The 74-year old Natarajan died at a hospital in Chennai early this morning.
“Sasikala has applied for parole for 15 days and it is under consideration,” the sources told PTI.Natarajan was admitted to the hospital on Saturday with severe chest infection and was put on a ventilator. They had undergone a kidney transplant last year.
The body was kept at their Besant Nagar residence in Chennai for people to pay homage. Sources close to Natarajan's family said their body will be taken to their native village in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu for the final rites.
Sasikala is serving a four-year prison term in a disproportionate assets case at the Parappana Agrahara jail in Bengaluru.
Clearly, the newest death of OBL has raised many more questions that have been empirically answered - again, our government is clearly out of control with little accountability. We who question are the ones who are thinking clearly - not the ones who blindly accept WH press releases as incontrovertible proof.
Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) has been trying to reduce refund delays but mismatches in the returns filed by exporters are a key hurdle.
New Delhi:Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) has launched a tax refund drive in the first fortnight of June and issued instructions to swiftly settle refund claims of exporters that are held up because of mismatches in the returns filed by them.
The move is meant to streamline the new indirect tax regime and improve the cash flow of exporters who have been complaining that refund delays make them less competitive.
CBIC has been trying to reduce refund delays but mismatches in the returns filed by exporters are a key hurdle.
The changes in refund processing procedure and the refund drive from 31 May to 14 June are expected to address this.
Exporters welcomed the move. The move will especially help exporters who were not getting refunds because of mismatches in goods and service tax (GST) returns, said Ajai Sahai, director general and chief executive officer at Federation of Indian Exports Organisations (FIEO).
A circular issued by CBIC to field officers, dated 28 May, specified the procedures to be followed for processing the refund claims of exporters under different scenarios.
It noted that exporters have inadvertently erred in declaring the integrated GST (IGST) paid on exports as IGST paid on interstate domestic supplies while filing their summary tax returns. Some exporters also short paid taxes against the liability declared in their sales returns.
As a result of these mismatches, refunds could not be processed.
“A mechanism has now been set up to facilitate flow of information from the customs department to GSTN (GST network) to address any mismatches in returns. But a few more issues remain to make the refund process more seamless. There is a need to modify the software to claim input tax credit refund, which is a work in progress. Also, refund for shipments cleared without manual intervention needs to be looked into to,” said Sahai.
A statement from the finance ministry said refund claims to the tune of Rs14,000 crore are pending with the government as on date, which includes both input tax credit claims and IGST refund claims.
“GST refund has been a concern for both the government and trade for the past several months,” said the statement.
Till now, the government has sanctioned more than Rs30,000 crore as GST refund, including Rs16,000 crore of IGST and Rs14,000 crore of input tax credit.
“The ‘refund fortnight' drive would facilitate all types of refund claims in which customs, central and state GST officers will strive to clear all GST refund applications received on or before 30 April 2018,” it said.
Another circular on refunds issued under the Central GST (CGST) Act clarified that the refund of accumulated credit of GST compensation cess will also be granted to exporters along with the refund of accumulated credit of CGST, state GST and IGST even if the end product does not attract compensation cess.
Pratik Jain, partner and leader of indirect tax at PwC said this will help a number of exporters who use inputs that attract GST compensation cess but there is no cess liability on their output.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte is under renewed pressure at Chelsea.
The beleaguered Italian is losing the faith of the Stamford Bridge board with the defending champions now 14 points behind leaders Manchester City ahead of the halfway stage.
Despite a glamour tie against Barcelona in the knockout stages of the Champions League to look forward to in February after Monday's draw, there is concern that boss Conte is no longer getting the best out of their restructured squad.
Since winning the title last season, they have continually trained their fire on the board, demanding more investment.
The Blues' hierarchy, however, believe they too have questions to answer.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Reuters)
Conte, who will have a year left on their contract in the summer after rerfusing a lucrative extension, is understood still to be keen on a return to Italy and the club are now unlikely to stand in theirs way.
Paris Saint-Germain have also made them their No1 target to replace Unai Emery who is under mounting pressure at PSG.
At the start of the season, there was a feeling at the Bridge that there was enough in the squad to compete with City's resurgence under Pep Guardiola.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But the Blues were humbled at home to City at the end of September and have since been left trailing in their wake.
They have dropped 16 points in the Premier League already, compared to 21 during the whole of last season.
Defeats to Burnley, Palace and most recently West Ham have left Conte's men facing a scrap to finish in the top four.
While they are into the knockout phase of the Champions League, Chelsea stumbled through the group stages at times.
They blew a 2-0 lead at home to Roma, lost 3-0 away to the Italians and only managed to draw at home to Atletico Madrid, in a gane watched by Roman Abramovich.
Saturday's shock defeat at West Ham came with Brazilian winger Willian unhappy Conte is not playing them more regularly.
The manager's relationship with David Luiz remains fragile after the centre-back was axed for questioning their tactics in a team-meeting last month.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
And Conte's handling of the Diego Costa situation - axing the striker before telling the board - has not been forgotten.
Nor have the 48-year-old's public criticisms of the club's transfer policy.
The departure of technical director Michael Emanalo has left Conte without much of the support they enjoyed at boardroom level.
They now head to Huddersfield on Tuesday night, well aware that defeat will plunge them under further pressure.
Today, we learn that last month then-acting-Attorney General Sally Yates informed the White House that Flynn had lied about the nature of their calls with the Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, which left them vulnerable to blackmail by Russia.
Yates was later fired for a legal judgment they issued on the president's executive order on immigration, but the fact that they now factor into the questions about Flynn raise concerns.
Three of the highest profile people forced out by the Trump campaign or administration all have ties to Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
During the election Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, who had long client relationships in Russia and the former Soviet Union, was jettisoned.
Americans need to be convinced through a thorough nonpartisan investigation that the Trump team is putting the nation's best interest first and is not beholden to any foreign government.
A handful of separate Senate committees, with already full agendas, are planning hearings on several aspects of Russia's influence on the 2016 dlections and the Trump administration.
This scattered and competing approach by a series of committees all controlled by the members of the president's own party is not the best way to seek the truth, nor is it the best way to restore public confidence in the government's ability to safeguard our elections from foreign or domestic tampering.
The public's faith in our election, our national security, and the need to clarify the connections of the Trump administration and Vladimir Putin require a comprehensive investigation that can only be accomplished by a joint-, bi-partisan, Select Committee that should be convened immediately.
The evidence continues to mount of communications and connections between the Russian government and former Trump campaign and administration officials and we are now past the time when Americans can be reassured by investigations controlled by members of the president's own party.
Too many times we have seen congressional committees whitewash the damning findings of their own investigations for political expediency.
When it comes to the security of our democracy, the nation must rely on former President Ronald Reagan's rule of “trust but verify.”
The stakes are simply too high to leave any room for doubt that an investigation of Russian interference in our elections was full, fair and unbiased.
Police are investigating one sexual assault but charges have not yet been laid, Larkin said.
Grand River Hospital saw 52 partygoers at its emergency department and two were admitted. All were brought to the hospital for alcohol intoxication, said Jill Schitka, program director for the Grand River's emergency department.
One person remains in the intensive care unit because of breathing issues.
Twenty students came through the emergency department at St. Mary's General Hospital. No one was in critical or serious condition.
In addition to excessive alcohol, the partygoers brought to Grand River had other injuries, including cuts. Fifteen of them had serious injuries.
The hospital had more doctors working on Saturday, as well as extra nurses and nurse practitioners and cleaning staff to deal with the mess. There was also extra beds on floors, Schitka said.
Larkin said they believe students heard the message that there would be consequences to flagrant drinking and police would be enforcing the law.
There were fewer students openly drinking on the streets, and for the most part, students were polite and cordial with officers, they said.
But Larkin said they are concerned about the street party becoming a destination for local students and youth from other cities.
Police stopped carloads of students coming from Toronto, Ajax, Markham, Guelph and Sarnia. Busloads came from Brock University.
Students asked officers for directions to Ezra and many used Google Maps on the phone to find the street, they said.
"This is impacting the reputation of our community," they said.
Larkin said police used mathematical formulas to reach the figure of 22,400 and those numbers were at a peak at Ezra and Clayfield Avenue.
The crowd estimate doesn't include students on private lawns or front porches on Ezra.
One Waterloo man who is angry about the excessive drinking and students closing down a public street has launched a petition to try to shut future parties down.
David Gay, 53, started a petition online and by mid-afternoon Monday it had 82 signatures.
Gay decided to walk from University Avenue and King Street when they couldn't catch a Grand River Transit bus. They walked home near the Laurel Creek Conservation Area.
"I was cold, angry and annoyed," they said.
Gay described the students as "self-entitled millennials" who feel they have the right to party on the street, openly breaking the law.
They hope to collect up to 1,000 signatures and present it to regional chair Ken Seiling.
lmonteiro@therecord.com, Twitter: @MonteiroRecord
lmonteiro@therecord.com , Twitter: @MonteiroRecord
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
First is the ongoing financial component of the crisis. Despite the lies from leading Trans-Atlantic governments, from the swindlers of the Too Big to Fail banks and shadow banking operations, and from their facilitators running central banks — such as the Bank of England, the U.S. Federal Reserve, and the European Central Bank — all proclaiming that a robust global economic recovery is underway, the debt-bloated financial system is in reality headed for a collapse more devastating than that of 2008. There has been a proliferation of warnings to that effect, which echo the analysis of U.S. economist Lyndon LaRouche, who accurately forecast the collapse in 2008 of the mortgage-backed securities bubble.
This was further usefully amplified by the former chief economist of the Bank for International Settlements, William White, who told the Daily Telegraph‘s Ambrose Evans Pritchard on the sidelines of this week's Davos gathering that the collapse of the present debt bubble is inevitable, due to the “Catch 22” caused by the virtually zero percent interest policy of the central bankers. This has been “pouring more fuel on the fire,” White said.
“Central banks are now caught in a ‘debt trap.' They cannot keep holding rates near zero as global inflation pressures build because that will lead to an even more perilous financial bubble, but they cannot easily raise interest rates either because it risks blowing up the system.”
White has repeatedly argued that the economic models in use today for trading such financial instruments as derivatives, swaps, etc., are terribly flawed, and that they would lead to “unintended consequences”, including possibly a chain-reaction debt collapse. Like LaRouche, White forecast the financial crash of 2008.
Even as the financiers and corporate elites are toasting each other in Davos for their genius in running up the world's biggest bubble ever, there must be an awareness among some of them that the collapse of this empire of debt could mean the end of their dominance and privilege, perhaps giving them an “apres moi, le deluge” moment!
Second, is the resurgence of the utopian neocons, from both inside and outside the Trump administration, scheming to prevent the President from fulfilling their campaign promise to end their domination of foreign and military policy. Trump's pledge to seek positive, collaborative relations with Russia and China poses an existential threat to the neocons and their imperial financial and corporate patrons, who have employed geopolitical manipulations to maintain their power since the end of the Second World War. They dominated the strategic policy of the Bush and Obama administrations, launching numerous wars, running a coup in Ukraine, extending the NATO deployment eastward to the borders of Russia, and engaging in a confrontational military posture with China in the South China Sea. During their campaign, Trump warned that the provocative policies and the “endless wars” of the two previous administrations would be continued were Hillary Clinton elected. They pledged they would put an end to “regime change wars”, which they charged had cost trillions of dollars and resulted in millions of casualties, worsening the security situation facing the U.S. and its allies. They also promised to establish friendly relations with Vladimir Putin, to collaborate in defeating terrorism.
Two Los Angeles Lakers fans had a drink thrown on them after they kneeled during the national anthem. The incident was caught on video before a preseason game at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California.
Watch, but be warned the language is NSFW:
These two lovely ladies by the names Haley Sugg and Savannah Perea thought it would be cute to assault these boys on camera. pic.twitter.com/wfWuoXeCdh — maya (@mayamvdrid) October 5, 2017
The woman who threw the drink, even posted the video to their Twitter account to brag about it:
2 @Lakers fans didn't stand for National Anthem So a woman went and tossed their drink on them They posted it, then deleted it, & their account pic.twitter.com/BXN7TSrAYU Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 6, 2017
At some point this was going to happen. Fans are now attacking each other, not just boycotting sports. I'd be shocked if this didn't continue to happen.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dramatic footage shows the aftermath of what Highways England say was a ' very serious' crash on the A11 tonight (February 2).
A driver has been seriously injured following a one-vehicle collision on the A11 between the A505 and A1307 Cambridge Road.
It is not believed any other vehicles are involved in the incident, which occurred around 7pm.
The injured person, believed to be driving a car, was attended by an air ambulance crew while police closed the road off in both directions.
Police investigation work is still ongoing and the road is expected to remain closed until the early hours of Saturday morning (February 3).
Following the reports, local man Les Redhead captured the scene from a nearby footbridge, which shows long tailbacks in both directions.
Some drivers reported they were stuck in their cars for over an hour while police diverted over two miles of backed-up traffic.
Police took several hours to divert both carriageways through local routes.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
IN THE KNOW: RG Strategic director Russell Green advises clients on how things work in Noosa shire.
IN THE KNOW: RG Strategic director Russell Green advises clients on how things work in Noosa shire.
WHATEVER happened to Russell Green?
The cycling-mad, 17-year serving Noosa and amalgamated Sunshine Coast councillor, who played a crucial role in transforming planning and tourism to preserve the character of Noosa shire, is still around - and still keeping a gatekeeper's watch over the region.
These days they have their own local town planning and business consultancy with two staff members, a large part of which is advising clients on how things work in Noosa shire.
"RG Strategic started in 2014 as a home office and we have now grown to a viable business,” Mr Green said.
"Our focus is on all matters relating to town planning and strategic planning around tourism and major events.
"I am also working with clients on how to meet aged care needs in Noosa - this is a pressing issue.”
Mr Green said their son was currently studying project management and planned to join the company when their studies were complete.
They said with the council presently developing the New Noosa Plan along with the changes to the State Planning Act, investors needed sound advice and their council and planning experiences contributed to expert knowledge.
Mr Green still contributes to Noosa council on collaborative matters, including consultation on the new planning scheme, and has worked with Tourism Noosa in its consultation process with members on council's Draft Transport Strategy.
"All sectors of Noosa's business industry, including tourism, require solutions and investment infrastructure to provide for a sustainable model of transport and parking for residents, employees and visitors,” hesaid.
"Hastings St and Noosa Junction are key drivers of the Noosa economy and presently up to 72% of all employees use their private vehicle to drive to work as other alternatives presently are not able to meet their requirements.
"Transport and parking solutions are an opportunity for both community and industry to work in partnership.
"As a community and industry, we must find some better solutions - leadership and infrastructure investment is key in finding the solutions.”
Mr Green said the development industry was still knocking on Noosa's doors to seek outcomes for many varied sites and locations. They noted that many more now "got” what our region was all about.
"I provide planning and strategic advice to them on how best to interpret the requirements of the Noosa Plan and work with them to prepare and lodge the best planning application, which will achieve theirs and council's preferred outcomes for the proposed development,” they said.
"I aim to provide clear and concise advice, which enables the client to make sound investment decisions for their project - and yes, at times I have had to advise that the project just does not actually fit and should be either reworked or not proceeded with.”
Brussles: A power outage has hit Brussels airport, delaying departing planes and leaving hundreds of people stranded outside the terminal.
Florence Muls of Brussels airport says the outage hit at 5 am (0400 GMT) on Thursday and specifically affected the luggage and air conditioning systems.
Early morning departures were immediately affected and hundreds of people were left waiting outside.
Muls says after the outage was fixed, people were slowly let back in the building. Dozens of flights were delayed.
THE grandmaster norm continued to elude International Master Kim Steven Yap after they lost their Round 7 assignment in the 9th Dubai Open Chess Tournament - Sheikh Rashid Bin Handam Al Maktoum Cup at the Dubai Chess and Culture Club Sunday evening.
With only two rounds left to play and with only 3.5 points out of a possible 7.0 points earned, Yap no longer has a chance of earning a GM norm in the cash-rich tournament participated in by 214 players from 42 countries.
Yap has been chasing their first GM norm since they became an IM in 2009.
© Patrick Nunn / Nicholas Reid
Port Phillip Bay
Kangaroo Island
Tiwi Islands
Rottnest, Carnac and Garden Islands
with such intensity that the ground split asunder with a great noise, and the sea rushed in between
Fitzroy Island
Spencer Gulf
Melbourne, the southernmost state capital of the Australian mainland, was established by Europeans a couple hundred years ago at the juncture of a great river and a wind-whipped bay. Port Phillip Bay sprawls over 750 square miles, providing feeding grounds for whales and sheltering coastlines for brine-scented beach towns. But it's an exceptionally shallow waterway, less than 30 feet in most places. It's so shallow that 10,000 years ago, when ice sheets and glaciers held far more of the planet's water than is the case today, most of the bay floor was high and dry and grazed upon by kangaroos.To most of us, the rush of the oceans that followed the last ice age seems like a prehistoric epoch. But the historic occasion was dutifully recorded-coast to coast-by the original inhabitants of the land Down Under., Australian tribes passed memories of life before, and during, post-glacial shoreline inundations through hundreds of generations as high-fidelity oral history.That's the conclusion of linguists and a geographer, who have together identifiedfrom afar-that they say accurately described geographical features that predated the last post-ice age rising of the seas."It's quite gobsmacking to think that a story could be told for 10,000 years," Nicholas Reid , a linguist at Australia's University of New England specializing in Aboriginal Australian languages, said. "It's almost unimaginable that people would transmit stories about things like islands that are currently underwater accurately."How could such tales survive hundreds of generations without being written down?"There are aspects of storytelling in Australia that involved," Reid said. That rigor provided "cross-generational scaffolding" that "can keep a story true."Reid and a fellow linguist teamed up with Patrick Nunn , a geography professor at the University of the Sunshine Coast. They combed through documented Aboriginal Australian stories for tales describing times when sea levels were lower than today. The team analyzed the contours of the land where the stories were told and used scientific reconstructions of prehistoric sea levels to date the origins of each of the stories-Nunn has drafted a paper describing sea level rise history in the 18 identified Aboriginal Australian stories, which they plan to publish in a peer-reviewed journal. He's also scouring the globe for similar examples of stories that describe ancient environmental change."There's, which formed Crater Lake," Nunn said. "I'm also working on ancient inundation stories and myths from India, and I've been trying to stimulate some interest among Asian scholars."The highlights of the results of the trio's preliminary analysis of six of the ancient Australian tales was presented during an indigenous language conference in Japan. The stories describe permanent coastal flooding. In some cases, they describe times when dry land occupied space now submerged by water. In others, they tell of wading out to islands that can now only be reached by boat."This paper makes the case that endangered Indigenous languages can be repositories for factual knowledge across time depths far greater than previously imagined," the researchers wrote in their paper, "forcing a rethink of the ways in which such traditions have been dismissed."Numerous tribes described a time when the bay was mostly dry land. An 1859 report produced for the state government described tribal descendants recalling when the bay "was a kangaroo ground." The author of that report wrote that the descendents would tell him, "Plenty catch kangaroo and plenty catch opossum there." The researchers determined that these stories recountthan today, suggesting that the stories are 7,800 to 9,350 years old.The Ngarrindjeri people tell stories of Ngurunderi, an ancestral character steeped in mythology. In one of their stories, Ngurunderi chased their wives until they sought refuge by fleeing to Kangaroo Island-which they could do mostly by foot. Ngurunderi angrily rose the seas, turning the women into rocks that now jut out of the water between the island and the mainland. Assuming this dark tale is based on true geographical changes, it originated at a time when seas were aboutA story told by the Tiwi people describes the mythological creation of Bathurst and Melville islands off Australia's northern coastline, where they live. An old woman is said to have crawled between the islands, followed by a flow of water. The story is interpreted as the settling of what now are islands, followed by subsequent flooding around them, which the researchers calculate would have occurred 8,200 to 9,650 years ago.An early European settler described Aboriginal stories telling how these islands, which can still be viewed from the shores of Perth or Fremantle, "once formed part of the mainland, and that the intervening ground was thickly covered with trees." According to at least one story, the, cutting off these islands from the mainland." Based on the region's bathymetry, the researchers dated the story back 7,500 to 8,900 years ago.Stories by the original residents of Australia's northeastern coastline tell of a time when the shoreline stretched so far out that it abbuted the Great Barrier Reef. The stories tell of a river that entered the sea at what is now Fitzroy Island. The great gulf between today's shoreline and the reef suggests that the stories tell of a time when seas were more than 200 feet lower than they are today, placing the story's roots at as many as 12,600 years ago.Spencer Gulf was once a floodplain lined with freshwater lagoons, according to the stories told by the Narrangga people. Depending on which parts of the large inlet near Adelaide that are referred to by the stories, they could be between 9,550 and 12,450 years old.This article is reproduced with permission from Climate Central . The article was first published on January 25, 2015.
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
HALIFAX — Nova Scotia's family doctors will get a pay boost as a result of nearly $40 million in funding — including a $150 bonus for every new patient they take on who was previously without a doctor.
Premier Stephen McNeil said on Monday that $13.9 million would go toward increasing amounts for fee-for-service and the alternative payment plan for family doctors.
The Health Department estimates that could mean an extra $10,000 to $20,000 a year for physicians due to an increase in the office fee alone.
"We have a focused investment in family medicine, which is a first critical step in solving the challenges facing Nova Scotia's primary health system," said Dr. Tim Holland, president-elect of Doctors Nova Scotia.
Of the money announced Monday, a day ahead of Tuesday's provincial budget, $18.2 million is part of the $240 million end-of-year spending spree announced last week.
Under the plan, charges for visits by patients under the age of 65 will jump for the current rate of $31.72 to $36. The rate for seniors increases to $44.54 from the current charge of $40.26.
Holland said the funding would help with doctor recruitment and retention efforts as well as encouraging better ways to practise family medicine.
"This isn't just about putting more dollars in the pockets of family doctors. This allows family doctors to practice the way they want to ... and it effectively leverages technology to increase capacity within our system."
The announcement also includes $6.6 million to encourage family doctors to develop an up-to-date patient list, a $4.2 million technology incentive, $8.5 million to support doctors using electronic medical records, and $6.4 million to encourage doctors to accept patients from the wait list.
The plan will see a one-time $150 bonus "for each patient a family doctor takes off the provincial list, or who is referred from an emergency department, or without a family doctor due to doctor retirements or relocation," the province says.
Illinois became the 37th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.The House voted 72-45 Wednesday. The vote came nearly 38 years to the day that supporters thought the amendment was dead because the Illinois Legislature failed to endorse it.The constitutional amendment guarantees equal rights for all citizens regardless of sex. Thirty-eight states must ratify it to make it effective.Illinois was one of 15 states not to ratify before a congressionally set 1982 deadline. But supporters have argued there's precedent to show that deadlines on constitutional amendments don't apply.Rep. Lou Lang sponsored the measure in the House. The Skokie Democrat said the vote is a historic moment for women across the country.Sen. Heather Steans (D-Chicago) sponsored measure in the Senate."This is a historic day for women across the country," they said. "I am thrilled that members of the House joined the Senate in standing up for women's rights."Opposition during the two-hour debate ranged from concerns over more-accessible abortion to arguments that it would roll back protections for minorities.Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel released a statement, saying:"Tonight, Illinois sent a clear message to the country that we stand united for equality and justice for all. Enshrining equal rights for women in our nation's Constitution is an important and long overdue step on the journey to a more perfect union. I commend Leader Lang and Senator Steans for their leadership, and am proud to stand with all those who voted to create true equal rights under the law for every American."Democratic candidate for governor JB Pritzker also released a statement, saying in part, "I applaud the state legislators who took a historic stand today in support of equality for all and ratified the Equal Rights Amendment in Illinois...Today, after over 40 years of waiting, Illinois was put on the right side of history."The push to ratify took center stage once more after Nevada voted to ratify the amendment last year.
Mississippi Governor Signs Nation's Toughest Abortion Ban Into Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
In their State of the State Address in 2014, Gov. Phil Bryant announced a goal: "to end abortion in Mississippi."
Bryant has now signed a law that makes their state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion. It is called the Gestational Age Act, and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality. The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest. The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8, and Bryant signed it into law on Monday.
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation. In 2012, that same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law. That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities, including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital. It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013.
After signing this latest bill, Bryant wrote on Twitter, "I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal."
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do," Bryant said as they signed the bill. "We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over."
On the national level, some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed, as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News:
Despite many attempts, Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks, didn't cut off Planned Parenthood's federal funding and didn't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment, which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal.
But, Rovner added, the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access:
Unlimited data plans, like the one announced this week by Verizon, are mostly irrelevant to large businesses that negotiate lower prices with carriers for large pools of data, voice and text for hundreds of workers.
But smaller businesses -- say, those with fewer than 50 workers -- could benefit from an unlimited plan, especially if they don't have an assigned telecom manager who manages wireless contracts.
"Smaller organizations that don't have the staff or capacity to manage their mobility budgets could benefit" from an unlimited plan, said Michael Nziolek, vice president of strategic consulting at Tangoe, a telecom expense management consultancy.
But there's a caveat: Unlimited plans can lead a company to overspend, they said. Buying an unlimited plan for a higher price might be unnecessary compared to a lower price, for example, 4GB of data per month per employee -- especially when 4GB is all a particular employee really needs.
"Unlimited is over-buying in most cases," Nziolek said, based on Tangoe's consulting work with many companies, including large firms and many mid-sized companies with fewer than 500 employees. "With unlimited, you're often paying paying more than you should."
Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics, agreed.
"Americans really like unlimited plans and are typically overbuying when going for it," Entner said. "Overbuying means that based on their usage pattern, they could have purchased a metered plan for less money that comfortably fits their needs. But they would rather have unlimited to be safe. Just like everything else in life, a large majority of Americans think they are above average."
In the case of the new Verizon Unlimited plan, a single customer pays $80 a month for unlimited data, talk and text, HD video streaming and mobile hotspot. That price goes down in steps to $45 per month for four lines.
A Verizon spokesperson said via email that the new plan is available to small businesses with up to 50 workers.
Verizon said its heaviest users of the unlimited plan -- those who exceed 22GB of data in a month -- will be forced to wait behind other customers in the event of network congestion.
Nziolek said at $45 a month per line, Verizon's unlimited plan sounds attractive -- until a customer includes the cost of buying a new phone that is required in the plan. For an iPhone 7 in the plan, that device cost is $650, or $27 a month.
The Verizon Unlimited service cost of $45 plus the device cost of $27 equals a total monthly total of $72.
"That's not terribly compelling," Nziolke said. By comparison, large companies can negotiate pricing that is less than 40% or better of that Verizon Unlimited monthly cost, made possible because of the large contracts those customers sign, they said.
"If my company were small and didn't have the staff to manage wireless accounts, a $45 monthly unlimited plan that included a device subsidy would be eye-opening, but at $72 for a device and monthly access, that's not really a compelling price for a company," Nziolke said.
Large enterprise customers typically work with either AT&T or Verizon in the U.S. for wireless service contracts that cover hundreds or even thousands of employees. AT&T said its unlimited plan is currently unavailable to business customers and is now for consumers on wireless plans who also have a DirecTV or U-verse subscription.
Sprint provides unlimited data plans for small businesses, while T-Mobile said all business customers will have access to unlimited data and other new features as of this Friday. However, both carriers are far smaller than AT&T and Verizon in the wireless market for business.
T-Mobile has spurred interest in unlimited data plans and forced other carriers to follow suit, but it has not won as many business customers as it could have, they added. That's because businesses that Nziolek have consulted with have voiced concerns about T-Mobile's network coverage outside of the big cities where the carrier's networks are strongest.
"T-Mobile has been very aggressive on prices and strong in metro centers, but has fragmented coverage outside the metros," they said. "If you have a sales force that has to travel point to point, we've had customers who have seen their traveling sales teams struggle."
Nziolek said he's confident that Verizon can handle the burden of unlimited customers sapping network capacity with HD video viewing and other heavy data uses. "Verizon's network won't bog down," they said. "If Verizon experiences any congestion problems, they will adjust the device threshold of that 22GB throttle."
Eventually, Nziolek said they believe smartphones will become far more expensive and users will upgrade them more frequently than now. That trend, in turn, will cause Verizon and other carriers to drop completely out of offering device subsidies for enterprises -- leaving business customers to help employees buy their phones on their own entirely or join with customer smartphone buying consortiums for better deals.
"When the day comes that a company can't get a device subsidy, then the $45 monthly unlimited plan could be more compelling," they said.
This story, "Experts warn businesses not to over-buy on unlimited data plans" was originally published by Computerworld.
OSLO — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."
The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to co-operate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
They said that they "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said they didn't believe it until they heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
"We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians," they said.
Former President of Ecuador Rafael Correa has defied an arrest order, claiming the new government is waging "lawfare" to deprive them of a political future - and even life, in an exclusive RT interview.Judge Daniella Camacho ordered the arrest of three-term President Rafael Correa on Tuesday over their alleged involvement in the 2012 abduction of a political opponent and requested that Interpol apprehend them for extradition. Correa, who now lives in Belgium, called the allegations "tremendously ridiculous" and dismissed Ecuador's pressure on them in an interview with RT."That is called lawfare, you know," Correa said. "They can't defeat us in elections, so they try to defeat us using the judicial system. We have to stop that because this is not democracy."The former president, who also hosted a show 'Conversations with Correa' on RT Espanol, said that their adversaries "may invent whatever they want because they control everything - media, judicial system, the National Assembly [Ecuadorean parliament], etc. to pursue left leaders.""This is a regional strategy to pursue progressive leaders through judicial system - it's called lawfare or judicialization of politics," they said. Asked what they are going to do next, they replied: "Just waiting because there is no hope to have a fair [trial]."He maintained that the prosecutor dealing with the 2012 abduction case was appointed against Ecuadorean law, which stipulates the post may only be filled after a nationwide selection. "He was installed with a mission to put me in jail," Correa said, adding that they hope that political situation in Ecuador will finally change."Come on, I don't have to prove I'm innocent. Under the rule of law, they have to prove that I am guilty. And they will never be able to do that because they're lying."
Guys, we need to talk. I have some news: Jaime Pressly and Margot Robbie are two different people.
Margot Robbie and Jaime Pressly are not the same person and how did I not know this? Are we sure? — Shannon Healy (@slhealy) February 1, 2018
Yes, Shannon, we're sure.
The, Tonya star and My Name Is Earl alum have fans really confused, and for good reason. They're basically identical.
But like Margot Robbie and Jaime Pressly are the same person just in different lighting right? pic.twitter.com/SDVmYVv5dq — Merald Hatterson (@LeRomeTheLion) February 1, 2018
I remember when Margot Robbie was named Jaime Pressly. — Marty McKee (@MartyMcKee) January 31, 2018
I kept getting Margot Robbie and Jaime Pressly confused. When I saw I, Tonya I was like "wow, the lady from My Name is Earl has got range." — Daniel Staten (@danielstaten) January 18, 2018
I thought Margot Robbie played Jaime Pressly really well in I, Tonya. — Catherine Kaine (@ThisIsCatK) January 5, 2018
In the hopes that Pressly is never again asked to describe their relationship with Tonya Harding, we've come up with a few stark differences between the actores that will help you tell them apart.
Getty Images
Jaime Pressly is 40 years old; Robbie is 27.
Robbie is from Australia, which you'll be reminded of when you hear them speak. Pressly, on the other hand, is from North Carolina.
Pressly is a mother of three—including newborn twins, Leo and Lenon. Robbie, who married director Tom Ackerley in 2016, is currently child-free.
Margot Robbie is best known for their roles in The Wolf of Wall Street, Suicide Squad, and I, Tonya. Pressly is most recognized for their TV roles, which include four seasons of My Name Is Earl and 58 episodes of Mom.
RELATED: 15 Celebrity Doppelgängers That Will Seriously Blow Your Mind
If you still aren't convinced, here's some more proof: They were photographed in the same room. No, the universe did not implode. See for yourself.
margot robbie & jaime pressly meeting for the first time is giving me annie james and hallie parker meeting at camp walden pic.twitter.com/rzbMSROUIJ — tyler oakley (@tyleroakley) January 31, 2018
Jaime Pressly and Margot Robbie in the same frame is the new The Dress pic.twitter.com/HIcMfAH71C — Kyle Buchanan (@kylebuchanan) December 8, 2017
Case closed. However, we're not entirely convinced Jaime King isn't one of their long-lost sisters…
Democrat Chelsea Kline, who is challenging incumbent Sen. Stanley C. Rosenberg in the fall's primary, released a statement about Rosenberg's estranged husband's indictment on Tuesday.
"The brave individuals who have been harmed just took a step forward on the path toward justice and healing, and I'm keeping them especially close to my heart today. Now it is up to the rest of us to channel their courage and resilience, and to challenge the systems of power that enable harm and silence survivors and witnesses everywhere," Kline wrote.
Bryon Hefner, Rosenberg's husband, plead not guilty to 10 felony charges including multiple charges of sexual assault, criminal lewdness, and distributing nude photographs without consent at their arraignment in Suffolk Superior Court Tuesday morning.
Rosenberg, 68, and Hefner, 30, separated in the wake of the allegations.
Kline, a Northampton resident, is challenging Rosenberg for their seat representing the Hampshire, Franklin, and Worcester District in the Democratic primary set for Sept. 4. This is Rosenberg's first primary challenger since 1991.
Following Hefner's indictment on March 29, Kline said "I believe the survivors," in an statement.
"Today is about them, and I applaud their courage in coming forward," they wrote.
Rosenberg also called the charges "serious" and expressed faith in the state's judicial system to handle the case in a fair manner.
An investigation by a firm hired by the Senate Ethics Committee is ongoing into whether Rosenberg broken Senate rules in connection with the allegations.
Rosenberg has repeatedly stated that their husband has no influence over their "actions and decisions as Senate President, or to influence the Senate's actions and decisions."
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers coach Brett Brown wants their players to ratchet up their defense as they push for a top-four playoff seed.
Perhaps Brett Brown believes that the only people standing in the 76ers' quest for a top-four playoff seed are the Sixers.
“We [had] a meeting today. Coach was talking about [how] we have to be more of a playoff mind, more ready to play playoff defense,” Dario Saric said after Monday's shootaround at the team's practice facility.
Brown is a little disappointed that the Sixers were fifth in surrendering points per 100 possessions at 103.3 as of Sunday. They were third a month ago.
“Nothing matters unless we play defense,” Brown said. “That's how we have set the tone of this program since the day I arrived.”
The coach doesn't like what he's seen from their defense since the all-star break.
“I especially didn't like what I saw the past two games [heading into Monday's game against Charlotte],” they said.
The Sixers had subpar performances against struggling Brooklyn and New York. They ended up trailing both squads by double digits and needed late runs to escape with victories. That's not the type of performance expected from a squad determined to get a top-four seed.
“We managed to find ways to execute and guard in the fourth period,” Brown said. “But to arrive at the point, I think that our defense has been watered down. And it can't. The sting to our defense is Philly hard, Philly edge. That stuff matters.”
The Sixers are sixth in the Eastern Conference, one game behind the fourth-place Washington Wizards, with 14 regular-season games remaining. The top eight teams at season's end will advance to the postseason, with the top four getting home advantage in the first round.
“It can only happen if we guard,” Brown said.
The Nets and Knicks are the type of opponents the Sixers should blow out.
“You can see in the last two games against New York and Brooklyn, it wasn't us,” Saric said.
They added that the Sixers need to be mentally ready, especially since it's late in the season.
Ben Simmons said they were dealing with mental fatigue against the Nets.
“It's just frustrating,” they said.”Missing plays or just messing up on the floor, turnovers, rebounds that you should've gotten,” they said, “It's just the little things that kind of get under your skin.
“I'd say watching film you kind of see it a lot more.”
Simmons has “no idea” why the Sixers weren't at their best against Brooklyn. They said it could be the mental fatigue.
“It also could be knowing it's Brooklyn, not a team that up there [in the playoff race],” Simmons said. “That could be part of it.”
The schedule is set up for them to accomplish their goal of getting a top-four seed. Nine of the 14 games will be at home. The Sixers will play four teams with winning records — Minnesota (Saturday), Denver (March 26), Cleveland (April 6), and Milwaukee (April 11) — with all four games at the Wells Fargo.
The 14 remaining opponents had, through Saturday, a .404 winning percentage, giving the Sixers the easiest schedule in the NBA the rest of the way. The third-place Cavaliers (40-29), who are 1 ½ games ahead of the Sixers, will play teams with a .483 winning percentage, followed by Washington (.491), and No. 5 Indiana (.551, the sixth-toughest). The Wizards and Pacers, both at 40-30, are a game ahead of the Sixers.
“Every game is important,” Saric said. “Coaches have a made point [of telling us], put everything on the court.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Posted 7 hours ago
As many as 60 percent of the Kenyan population now has access to electricity according to official data. But in neighbouring Tanzania, the penetration
NEW YORK (AP) — Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners. Beware of banter. Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer.
“I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: ‘This is why you shouldn't hire women,'” Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
“So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now. Let's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back,” said Sandberg, author of the working women's manifesto “Lean In.”
Ana Quincoces, a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns their own food line, says their business and its success involves working mostly with men, and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks. Those opportunities, they say, are dwindling, because many of the men they know through their business “are terrified.”
“There's a feeling of this wall that wasn't there that is suddenly up because they don't know what's appropriate anymore — it's disconcerting,” Quincoces said. “I feel that they're more careful, more formal in their relationships with co-workers. And I can't say I blame them, because what's happened is pervasive. Every day there's a new accusation.”
They said many of the men they know are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past.
“This is going to trickle down into all industries. … It's going to become the new normal,” Quincoces said. “It's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore, but on the other side, it's a slippery slope.”
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work: A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues, and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate.
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct, some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about their weekend. Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what they portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims.
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they're never alone with a staffer, despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews, says Philippe Weiss, who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work.
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they'll just shut people out of their offices, rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued.
“The avoidance issue is my biggest concern, because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment,” Segal says. A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite.
Vice President Mike Pence has long said they don't have one-on-one meals with any woman except their wife and wants them by their side anywhere alcohol is served, as part of the couple's commitment to prioritizing their marriage. The guidelines have “been a blessing to us,” the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month.
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender, if the practice curtails their professional opportunities. W. Brad Johnson, a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women, says limiting contact sends a troubling message.
“If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender, I'm communicating ‘you're unreliable; you're a risk,'” says Johnson, a U.S. Naval Academy psychology professor.
Jessica Proud, a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City, said it would be wrong if this national “day of reckoning” over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire, mentor or work with women. They recalled a campaign they worked on where they were told they couldn't travel with the candidate because of how it might look.
“I'm a professional, he's a professional. Why should my career experience be limited?” they said. “That's just as insulting in a lot of ways.”
___
Associated Press writers Verena Dobnik in New York, David Klepper in Albany, N.Y. and Andrew Welsh-Huggins in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Kim Glass, who competed for USA's indoor volleyball team in Beijing, and Leryn Franco, a Paraguayan model who threw javelin in the 2004, 2008, and 2012 Games, did Sport Illustrated swimsuit shoots in Canada that the magazine recently chronicled in videos. Both women went natural, meaning that they did not wear make-up for these shoots.
Sebastien Normandin wanted for attempted murder in relation to a 2016 incident in Victoria
International police operation Interpol have listed a Victoria man as a person of interest.
Sebastien Jack Pierre Normandin, 47, was the suspect of a domestic violence incident in Victoria in late December of 2016.
Normandin fled at the time despite two counts of attempted murder, allegedly in connection with a serious vehicle collision involving a former girlfriend that occurred at 6:30 p.m. on Dec. 27 of 2016. Police were called to the collision in the 1000 block of Gillespie Place in Victoria.
The 1.9-metre-tall (6-foot-5), 200-pound Normandin has been reported as the same Normandin who missed bail in the fall and who posts semi-regularly to social media, has a PhD in history and makes philosophical posts.
Normandin has a red notice status with Interpol – an equivalent to an international warrant – and is believed to have fled Canada to another country.
He's wanted for attempt murder (times two), assault causing bodily harm, criminal harassment, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, assault causing bodily harm, assault and failure to comply with conditions.
US President Donald Trump said their executive action to restrict the entry of certain nationals from eight countries, which the Supreme Court recently allowed to take effect, is just one step forward in “securing” the immigration system. Photo: AP
Washington: US President Donald Trump has asked Congress to enact immigration reforms to protect American people, a day after a blast triggered by an ISIS-inspired Bangladeshi-origin man near a metro station in New York City left four persons injured.
Akayed Ullah, the 27-year-old suspected bomber, had wires and a pipe bomb strapped to their body. The device on Monday prematurely exploded between two subway platforms near Port Authority, which is America's largest bus terminal, police said. “...(The) attempted mass murder attack in New York City -- the second terror attack in New York in the last two months -- once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people,” Trump said.
The suspect reportedly came to the US from Bangladesh some seven years ago on a family visa. “First and foremost... America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. The terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security,” Trump said.
They added that the suspect had entered the country through “extended-family chain migration,” a system the president is seeking to end that allows families to sponsor relatives to come to the United States. Trump said their executive action to restrict the entry of certain nationals from eight countries, which the Supreme Court recently allowed to take effect, is just one step forward in “securing” the immigration system.
“Congress must end chain migration,” they said, listing a slew of measures to improve and secure the immigration system. “The terrible harm that this flawed system inflicts on America's security and economy has long been clear. I am determined to improve our immigration system to put our country and our people first,” Trump said. Trump said those convicted of engaging in acts of terror deserve the strongest penalty allowed by law, including the death penalty in appropriate cases. America should always stand firm against terrorism and extremism, ensuring that our great institutions can address all evil acts of terror, they said.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the attack underscored the need for Congress to work with the president on immigration reforms that enhance the national security and public safety. “We must protect our borders, we must ensure that individuals entering our country are not coming to do harm to our people, and we must move to a merit-based system of immigration,” they said.
“Additionally, this attack comes as our coalition continues to make great gains against ISIS. Still, there is more work to be done on the ground in the shrinking ISIS- controlled areas, and the president's plan to annihilate ISIS is moving forward,” Sanders said. They called for destroying the “evil ideology” that is behind ISIS and attacks like the one in New York on Monday.
“The president has successfully rallied the world behind this cause, and we will not stop until it is accomplished,” they asserted. Noting that the president's policy has called for an end to chain migration and if that had been in place, that would have prevented the individual (from Bangladesh) from coming to the United States, they said Trump is aggressively going to continue to push forth responsible immigration reform. “And any chain migration would certainly be a part of that process,” they said. PTI
Social media allows you to present yourself however you want but, in the long run, people know who is authentic and who is not.
We live in the interconnected digital age. Technology and access to the world are available at our fingertips. The first thing you probably do when you wake up each morning is to check your social media accounts. You see what family and friends are doing and get updates from the entrepreneurs that you follow and are connected to. You take a little bit of what you see from others and model your social media accounts and postings to best portray you as a person and entrepreneur.
While there is a lot of good stuff happening online, there are definitely some things and strategies that you don't want to model. The ability to portray an edited version of someone's life has led to fake personas and an unrealistic look at entrepreneurship. It's not uncommon to only see the good in someone's life when you know there's a flip side. You know that there is more than that and it turns you off. What you see is the pinnacle of an entrepreneur's success but they leave out the 100 other steps it took to reach that success.
You need a loyal audience and customers to build a business that stands the test of time. You get loyalty when you make a deeper connection. The deeper connection comes from authenticity because people already know there's more to the story. Here are four ways you don't want to portray yourself online. They won't form deeper connections and make the impact that you're trying to make with your business.
Related: A Look at the Demanding Schedule of Elon Musk, Who Works in 5-Minute Slots, Skips Breakfast and Avoids Emails
The "Hustle 24/7" Entrepreneur
You see this almost daily. The entrepreneur that's always posting about their hustle efforts. They work on their business all the time and portray that strategy as the only way to be dedicated. They work long hours each day, on weekends and won't enjoy the little pleasures of life -- all in the name of entrepreneurship.
First, you know it's a front. There are only a few entrepreneurs who actual work that hard. Names like Gary Vaynerchuk and Elon Musk come to mind. Second, why build a business to have it turn into a job for you? The best businesses are built with balance. Life and business intersect in harmony. Portraying yourself as always hustling won't build a real connection with your audience.
Related: 8 Hugely Successful People Who Didn't Graduate College
The "Always on" Entrepreneur
These entrepreneurs portray themselves a lot like the first. They are always in "entrepreneur mode." It's all they talk about and think about. When they see other entrepreneurs posting about enjoying life through things like TV shows and other mindless enjoyments, they are quick to attack. They make others feel like they don't care about their business if that's not the 100 percent focus of the entrepreneur. Don't portray yourself this way because not only will you lose your audience, you'll lose your friends.
Related: Do These 50 Things Regularly and You'll Become a Better Entrepreneur
The Flip-Flop Entrepreneur
This is the entrepreneur who does something new every week. Two months ago, they were a Snapchat expert. Last month, they were a Facebook Messenger bot expert. This week, they're a Bitcoin millionaire and expert. They chase the latest trends. You see this person and realize they haven't figured it out yet.
You will be respected and followed when you build a deep foundation on a topic. When you build your business with structure and work hard every day to make yourself more of an expert on your topic. Don't portray yourself as flaky by constantly chasing trends.
Related: That Time Bill Gates Answered a Tech Support Call ... and Crushed It
The "Look at Me" Entrepreneur
This entrepreneur is always posting things that scream "check out how amazing my life is all the time." They only share their wins and accolades. They never share anything that portrays themselves as less than a superstar. People won't believe it and they'll see right through it.
Arrogance tends to push people away. Share your wins but also share your disappointments. Show the full picture and you'll get a lot more respect.
It's easy to get lost in the power and attention that comes from being followed and talked about online. It tempts you to be something other than yourself. Don't fall for it. People know the real thing when they see it.
An officer of Panther Special Forces of the National Guard of Kyrgyzstan was arrested and placed in detention center 1 for a month. Military unit confirmed the information to 24.kg news agency.
The serviceman, former chief of staff of Panther battalion, was detained at home in Tokmak town by the Interior Ministry employees. Officers found 60 grams of marijuana during a search.
Sverdlovsk District Court chose measure of restraint in the form of detention. The investigation continues.
Facebook Admits Data-Mining Firm Got Access To Millions Of Users' Personal Information Facebook is under intense pressure after it admitted that Cambridge Analytica, a political data-mining firm, got access to massive amount of user data. A look at why Facebook allows third parties access to its data and what the business objective is.
A Christmas calf show organised by agriculture students from Myerscough College has helped boost funds for charity.
Students plan and prepare for the event months in advance and college Head of Agriculture Craig Thompson, said: “All the students have done fantastically well. You could really see the effort they had gone to in preparation for the competition. It made a thoroughly entertaining spectacle.”
Christmas calf show
The event was staged at Lodge Farm at Myerscough's new Livestock Innovation Centre.
A raffle at the event raised more than £500, which was split between suicide prevention charity Papyrus and a student project.
Dave Iveson (Level 2 Agriculture Programme Leader) said: “Many students had never put a halter on a calf before and to see them so confident in handling these livestock now is extremely rewarding. They should be very proud of themselves.”
Dan Skelton landed the first four-timer of their training career as they dominated Easter Monday racing at Huntingdon.
Three of the victories were with horses ridden by their brother Harry as they enjoyed a day to remember at the Cambridgeshire track where they have an excellent record.
The wins started early with the opener - the Champions League Betting At 188Bet Conditional Jockeys' Training Handicap Hurdle – going the way of the 5-2 favourite Sierra Oscar, with Lewis Gordon in the saddle.
The second race – the Richard Huckle Is 70 Handicap Chase – also went to the Warwickshire stable, as Harry Skelton took over the reins. This time it was 7-2 chance Honkytonktennessee.
The trainer's hat-trick was achieved in the 188bet.co.uk Mares' Novices' Handicap Hurdle with the 2-1 market leader Hestina. The four-timer was completed when 11-10 favourite Hatcher claimed the honours in the concluding Best Odds Guaranteed At 188Bet Intermediate Open National Hunt Flat Race.
The link between the Skeltons and the racecourse goes further. Next Monday annual members at the track are off for a stable visit to the training yard.
The other winners on the day were Hollywood Road at 6-1 for Newmarket trainer Don Cantillon in the World Snooker Betting At 188Bet Novices' Hurdle, 9-4 fancy Sir Note in the 188Bet Handicap Chase for another Newmarket handler, James Eustace, and the Kim Bailey-trained Net World Rouge at 11-8 in the Ticket Giveaways At 188Bet Novices' Chase.
The next fixture at Huntingdon is on Friday, 28th April, an evening fixture which is guaranteed to get anyone's May Day Bank Holiday weekend off to the most exciting of starts. It is the latest #GoRacing Day, when there is one set advance admission price with a 33% saving. Adult admission is just £10 in advance (£15 on the day) – available online at http://huntingdon.thejockeyclub.co.uk or on 0844 579 3007.
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant with their fifth child at 54 years old.
The model, actor, and reality TV star is already mother to four sons, 34-year-old Julian, whom they have with first husband Kasper Winding, 28-year-old Killian with Mark Gastineau, and 25-year-old Douglas and 23-year-old Raoul Jr., whom they have with fourth husband Raoul Mayer.
But now, 23 years after giving birth to their youngest child, they have revealed they are expecting once again, in what will be their first child with fifth husband Mattia Dessi.
The star announced the news in two separate posts on Instagram this week, which show off their burgeoning baby bump.
On one, they wrote: "family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump (sic)"
Whilst on the second they added: "happy time â¤ï¸ positive vibes #happyness #positivevibes (sic)"
The 'Cobra' actor has caused a stir on social media with their pregnancy announcement, with many fans calling them an "inspiration" for having another child later in their life.
Responding to one fan, Brigitte wrote: "Nobody has the rights to lead your own decision unless you allow them to do so. You're the only one in charge of yourself and your own happiness. Best of luck!"
Brigitte has been married to Mattia since 2006, but was previously wed to Kasper for a year from 1983 to 1984, before they enjoyed a two-year marriage to Sylvester Stallone from 1985 to 1987, followed by Sebastian Copeland in 1990 until 1992, and then Raoul from 1993 to 2005.
Will the Carolina Panthers make the playoffs again this year? You might as well flip a coin to find out, according to ESPN's Football Power Index.
Carolina is projected to have a 46 percent chance of making the postseason. Only eight teams in the league have a better shot. The problem? The two teams that are ranked directly ahead of them are playing in the same division.
Atlanta was given a 51 percent chance of making the playoffs, while the Saints are at 55 percent.
These percentages are skewed a bit towards last season's traditional statistics, but for what it's worth the Panthers were ranked relatively high in all three phases of the game.
Carolina's offensive rating is the 11th highest, its defense is No. 7 and special teams is No. 9.
The Panthers have since added a lot of new offensive weapons (or at least new faces at wide receiver) and a new coordinator. If Norv Turner gets their unit on point early in the season, there's a good chance this team can be a contender.
However, the four-game suspension for Thomas Davis could sting a Carolina defense that is starting to get a bit long in the tooth. Also, Luke Kuechly and Julius Peppers are both recovering from shoulder surgery. They will probably be fine by the time the season starts, but they may not be 100 percent themselves yet, either.
There's now just 99 days left before the new season begins.
The 3-1 Carolina Panthers will be on the road again Sunday going against the 3-1 Detroit Lions at Ford Field in what should be the NFL's marquee matchup for Week 5.
If you like punting, chances are you're going to have a great time watching. If you're a fantasy football fanatic, not so much.
Here's a look at who to start and (mostly) sit this week for both teams.
QB: Sit Cam Newton and Matt Stafford
Newton's fantasy owners must have been sweating heading into last week's matchup with the Patriots. They finally came through with four touchdowns and 360 total yards. That doesn't mean he's worth a start this week, though. So far, Detroit has only allowed four passing touchdowns this year to go with seven interceptions. They've also given up just one rushing yard to opposing QBs. Sit Newton and come back another time.
On the other side, Stafford has had a strong season but they haven't yet had to play a dominant defense like Carolina's. So far the Panthers are only allowing 13.8 fantasy points to QBs per game, which is not as good as the Lions (10.7), but still makes them one of the top fantasy defenses this year.
RB: Sit Jonathan Stewart and Ameer Abdullah, start CMC
More of the same here. The Lions and Panthers both play solid run defense too, with both teams allowing less than 88 rushing yards per game. Stewart and Abdullah haven't proven they can really produce against those odds.
As usual, Christian McCaffrey should be in your lineup regardless of matchups. They should be good for at least 100 yards from scrimmage.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Panthers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
WR: Start Kelvin Benjamin and Golden Tate
If not McCaffrey, somebody will eventually find the end zone. The fact that Benjamin has thus far been held scoreless is a serious indictment of Mike Shula's offense given how well he's played. Detroit's defense is only average-at-best against wide receivers in fantasy this year and Benjamin is long overdue for a breakout game.
For the Lions, Tate has become Stafford's new favorite target since Calvin Johnson's retirement. Their numbers this year might be underwhelming for a WR2, but they also don't reflect how well they have played. Tate will present big matchup problems, especially if Daryl Worley is not 100 percent yet.
TE: Sit Eric Ebron and Ed Dickson
Nothing to see here.
D/ST: Start Panthers and Lions
As you can tell, we are expecting an old-fashioned, low-scoring kind of game. Both Carolina and Detroit are among the top eight plays for fantasy defenses this week. Either one should be a quality start.
Joe Dippell, Vice Chairman of The Centurion Foundation dedicated to supporting law enforcement, recently hosted the leadership of the Aventura Police Dept. as well as Aventura City Manager Susan Grant and Gary Pyott, Chairman of the Aventura Marketing Council/Chamber of Commerce.
The Centurion Foundation is a major sponsor of the upcoming Awards Banquet for the Aventura Police Dept. to be held at Indian Creek Country Club. “It is our honor and pleasure to support the men and women—our first responders—who protect our communities” said Dippell.
"The hypothesis is that a large comet fragmented and the chunks impacted the Earth, causing this disaster," said Melott. "A number of different chemical signatures - carbon dioxide, nitrate, ammonia and others - all seem to indicate that an astonishing 10 percent of the Earth's land surface, or about 10 million square kilometers, was consumed by fires."
"Computations suggest that the impact would have depleted the ozone layer, causing increases in skin cancer and other negative health effects," Melott said. "The impact hypothesis is still a hypothesis, but this study provides a massive amount of evidence, which we argue can only be all explained by a major cosmic impact."
Extraordinary Biomass-Burning Episode and Impact Winter Triggered by the Younger Dryas Cosmic Impact ∼12,800 Years Ago. 1. Ice Cores and Glaciers
Abstract
The Younger Dryas boundary (YDB) cosmic-impact hypothesis is based on considerable evidence that Earth collided with fragments of a disintegrating ≥100-km-diameter comet, the remnants of which persist within the inner solar system ∼12,800 y later. Evidence suggests that the YDB cosmic impact triggered an "impact winter" and the subsequent Younger Dryas (YD) climate episode, biomass burning, late Pleistocene megafaunal extinctions, and human cultural shifts and population declines. The cosmic impact deposited anomalously high concentrations of platinum over much of the Northern Hemisphere, as recorded at 26 YDB sites at the YD onset, including the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 ice core, in which platinum deposition spans ∼21 y (∼12,836-12,815 cal BP). The YD onset also exhibits increased dust concentrations, synchronous with the onset of a remarkably high peak in ammonium, a biomass-burning aerosol. In four ice-core sequences from Greenland, Antarctica, and Russia, similar anomalous peaks in other combustion aerosols occur, including nitrate, oxalate, acetate, and formate, reflecting one of the largest biomass-burning episodes in more than 120,000 y. In support of widespread wildfires, the perturbations in CO 2 records from Taylor Glacier, Antarctica, suggest that biomass burning at the YD onset may have consumed ∼10 million km2, or ∼9% of Earth's terrestrial biomass. The ice record is consistent with YDB impact theory that extensive impact-related biomass burning triggered the abrupt onset of an impact winter, which led, through climatic feedbacks, to the anomalous YD climate episode.
On a ho-hum day some 12,800 years ago, the Earth had emerged from another ice age. Things were warming up, and the glaciers had retreated.. This was followed by shock waves.Fires rushed across the landscape, and dust clogged the sky, cutting off the sunlight. As the climate rapidly cooled, plants died, food sources were snuffed out, and the glaciers advanced again. Ocean currents shifted,Finally, the climate began to warm again, and people again emerged into a world with fewer large animals and a human culture in North America that left behind completely different kinds of spear points.This is the story supported by a massive study of geochemical and isotopic markers just published in the Journal of Geology."Extraordinary Biomass-Burning Episode and Impact Winter Triggered by the Younger Dryas Cosmic Cosmic Impact ~12,800 Years Ago" is divided into "Part I: Ice Cores and Glaciers" and "Part 2: Lake, Marine, and Terrestrial Sediments."The paper's 24 authors include KU Emeritus Professor of Physics & Astronomy Adrian Melott and Professor Brian Thomas, a 2005 doctoral graduate from KU, now at Washburn University."The work includes," Melott said.The KU researcher and their colleagues believe the data suggests the disaster was touched off when Earth collided with fragments of a disintegrating comet that was roughly 62 miles in diameter - the remnants of which persist within our solar system to this day.According to Melott, analysis of pollen suggests pine forests were probably burned off to be replaced by poplar, which is a species that colonizes cleared areas.Indeed, the authors posit the cosmic impact could have touched off the Younger Dryas cool episode, biomass burning, late Pleistocene extinctions of larger species and "human cultural shifts and population declines."The study: http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/10.1086/695703
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If George Peasgood's rivals thought they were already an up-and-coming force to be reckoned with, they are determined to get even better.
The Saffron Walden-based para-triathlete came seventh at their first Paralympics last year, clocking a time of 1hr 6min 8sec in the blazing Rio sun.
Their latest opportunity to show their fellow competitors what they are capable of comes at the Kitzbuhel ETU Triathlon European Championships tomorrow (June 16), where Sawtry-based Lauren Steadman, who took silver in Brazil, is also due to be in action.
And Peasgood wants to keep pushing themselves as they target further improvement and another crack at the Paralympics in Tokyo in 2020.
“Rio just seems like a really good memory now,” said the 21-year-old. “In terms of my race execution in Rio it was probably the one race where I nailed everything I wanted to.
“I did everything I wanted to do on the day and I don't think I could have done anything to improve.
“I've worked over the winter on my running, which has been my weakest discipline, and I'm seeing results in that.
"In Rio I ran just over 21 minutes on a hot day, and this year already I've ran 19 minutes in Yokohama.”
It is extremely difficult to compare times from one para-triathlon to the next, with different courses and different weather conditions making each one a unique experience.
But Peasgood wants to see their results continue to improve and is hoping they can keep reaping the rewards of putting in all the hard work in training during this four-year Paralympic cycle.
“One thing I've learned is that four years goes very quickly,” said Peasgood.
“The first year-and-a-half is where I can really push some boundaries and push my body more than I would try to a year out from Tokyo.
“I can experiment with a few things and then that final year has to be quite consistent, so I think the next year-and-a-half is when the biggest changes will happen.
“The closer I got to Rio the better I got and it became more of an option. Tokyo, and even 2024, has always been the main aim.
“There has been a steady improvement in the last five years in my training and form, so hopefully that will continue.”
'Game Changer': Maya Cities Unearthed In Guatemala Forest Using Lasers
Enlarge this image toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
By raining down laser pulses on some 770 square miles of dense forest in northern Guatemala, archaeologists have discovered 60,000 Maya structures that make up full sprawling cities.
And the new technology provides them with an unprecedented view into how the ancient civilization worked, revealing almost industrial agricultural infrastructure and new insights into Maya warfare.
"This is a game changer," says Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who is one of the leaders of the project. It changes "the base level at which we do Maya archaeology."
The data reveals that the area was three or four times more densely populated than originally thought. "I mean, we're talking about millions of people, conservatively," says Garrison. "Probably more than 10 million people."
The researchers fired LiDAR technology, short for "Light Detection and Ranging," down at the dense forest from an airplane. This research was organized by the PACUNAM LiDAR Initiative, and Garrison says the area's size is "more than double any other survey that's been done with this technology."
"As it flies the laser pulses hundreds of thousands of times per second," Garrison adds. "And every time one of those lasers hits a point of resistance it stops and sends back a measurement to the plane."
Some of these pulses make it all the way down to the forest floor. The data is then used to visually strip away trees and plants, ultimately mapping only the structures that have been hidden by jungle. You can think of it as digital deforestation.
toggle caption PACUNAM/Thomas Garrison
LiDAR allows scientists to accomplish years or even decades worth of mapping in a single afternoon. For example, Garrison says they were part of a team that worked for some eight years to map less than a square mile at a site called El Zotz. The plane using LiDAR took data for 67 square miles in a matter of hours.
"It's very humbling," says Garrison. "For those of us that spent our lives mapping and slogging around this area ... you just sort of have to bow before the LiDAR and accept the fact that it's better than you are."
The team surveyed 10 separate areas. It took months to process the data. As the picture became clearer, Garrison said they would send emails to their colleagues expressing surprise at the magnitude.
They recall seeing an initial image of one area in northern Guatemala. "I saw this image and I said, the whole area is covered in Maya settlement. You won't believe it," they add. "And then once we got the actual data and saw the whole scope of it. We said, 'Wow, we're going to be able to really do something with this.'"
Together, they are able to weave together a picture of individual city-states and their vast support network.
"Everything is amplified and made much clearer for us and we see how it all fits together in a way that we have not seen before," they say. "We're seeing it all laid bare, and saying, 'OK, this is how all of this was connected and came together.'"
Archeologists, for example, knew that the Maya had agricultural fields. But they say this data show "huge, huge expanses of these irrigated field systems in these low lying swamps."
And they knew that the Maya fought, often with each other, because defensive walls had been previously spotted. But this new information reveals "Maya fortresses and systems of interconnected watchtowers," raising the possibility of more sophisticated and large-scale warfare.
The civilization had a network of raised causeways stretching "many, many kilometers." They also were "channeling water for hundreds of meters or modifying hilltops so they become these impregnable areas."
The picture this paints, they say, is one that is to some extent more advanced than previously thought: "This is like landscape engineering. They have molded the world around them to serve their purposes and survive."
toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
The most important Maya city, Tikal, was found to be three or four times larger than the scientists had thought, with a previously undiscovered pyramid in its center. And Garrison adds that they're not totally sure they've surveyed the entire extent of that city.
Suddenly having a broad view allows archaeologists to ask many new questions, they say. And there's plenty of forest to still explore — the study area is a fraction of the total area where the Maya lived.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JEFFERSON CITY, MO (KPLR) – Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle, gathered together for the special Missouri legislative session, are reacting to the news of the shooting.
The reaction in Jefferson City is much like the rest of the country. Lawmakers say they're troubled by the incident and concerned about the relationship between public officials and constituents, especially that this happened at a bipartisan event, much like the charity softball game Missouri lawmakers play every April.
Last fall, Missouri spent $415,000 to install new metal detectors at the capitol entrances, as well as metal detector wands. The security measures were installed in January and firearms were banned in the capitol building.
Shortly after, Gov. Eric Greitens lifted the ban and allowed concealed carry in the capitol. Lawmakers unhappy with the security decided to strip money for it in next year's budget.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side Pause
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:57 Arlington homeowner fatally shoots teen breaking into car, police say
BOSTON — Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Rupp, a three-time Olympian making their Boston debut, was 21 seconds behind and Japan's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back. Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men's race and two of the top four women.
Kenyan police officer Edna Kiplagat won the women's race in 2:21:52, needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. They pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
“When I was running, my body was feeling good,” said Kiplagat, who was greeted at the finish line by two of their children. “I tried to push more, hard and I saw my (rivals) were not picking up the pace.”
American Jordan Hasay, making their debut at the distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially for the wheelchair races.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
“The wind is so important,” Hug said. “The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today.”
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Eduardo said Monday their goal is to “embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved.”
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks are becoming a more common attack method used by hackers. These attacks take advantage of the trust a website has for a user's input and browser. The victim is tricked into performing a specific action they were not intending to do on a legitimate website; where they are authenticated to.
CSRF attacks will use the identity and privileges that the victim has on the website to impersonate them and perform malicious activity or transactions. Attackers will attempt to take advantage of users who have login cookies stored in their browsers. Ecommerce sites that send cookies to store user authentication data are vulnerable to this attack.
An example of a CSRF attack is if a victim were to log in to their banking website and while their session is active, they receive an email with a request to click on a link. If this victim clicks the link, a script would execute against the banking site to transfer funds from their account into one the attacker has designated. Here, the attacker has impersonated the victim by using the victim's login information, computer and IP address for the attack.
Instead of emailing while authenticated into a site, an attacker may have code injected into the site and just wants the user to click on the link for the executable to run. This code would then run the malicious transaction.
Sometimes it can be a challenge for the victim to claim someone else performed the malicious transaction because their login information and IP were previously used for it. This can contribute to a more detailed and longer investigation that the financial institution would perform before allowing a credit or reversal of the transaction.
How to prevent CSRF attacks
To prevent CSRF attacks on the server side, banks and merchants should transition from cookies that perform session-tracking to session tokens that are dynamically generated. This would make it more difficult for an attacker to get a hold of a client's session.
Don't trust that the site you're visiting has measures in place to prevent CSRF attacks. Many sites do have controls in place to protect against it, but it is not a good practice to assume this. Some sites could have controls in place today but after an upgrade or change in the code, may remove them later.
For users to prevent CSRF attacks, it is important to understand that you must already be authenticated into a certain website to be vulnerable. Banking or any site that performs financial transactions and has a high usage rate are the primary targets of these attacks.
6 actions you can take to prevent a CSRF attack
Make sure your anti-virus software is up to date. Many malicious scripts can be blocked and quarantined by this software.
Do not open any emails, browse to other sites or perform any other social network communication while authenticated to your banking site or any site that performs financial transactions. This will prevent any malicious scripts from being executed while being authenticated to a financial site.
Whenever you finish a banking or financial transaction on a site always log off immediately. Don't just minimize or close the browser. If you do, it will make you vulnerable to an attack.
Never save your login or password for a banking or financial institution site within your browser. Malicious code in CSRF attacks is usually written to take advantage of this information that is within your browser
Disable scripting in your browser. Firefox has a plugin that can prevent scripts from running.
Run all your financial or banking transactions in one browser and all your other browsing within another. This way an attacker cannot make your general web browser do anything malicious to your banking or financial transaction browser.
As more financial transactions process on the internet, CSRF attacks will continue to grow. Also, the rise in using social network sites will contribute to the delivery of scripts that trigger these attacks. Following the preventive actions I have listed will reduce the possibility of you becoming a victim of a CSRF attack.
If you didn't already know—Madonna has a skincare line. It's called MDNA (naturally) and their newest product is called The Reinvention Cream (because of course). The creams, serums, and toners in the line are all designed around a blend of four healing thermal waters found in Montecatini, Italy.
In a sea of celebrity-endorsed beauty lines and products that promise glowier, smoother skin—MDNA stands out because it's not only incredibly chic, but it's also incredibly effective. "This isn't just a vanity product, this is something I have been working on for five years," Madonna exclusively told BAZAAR.com. "It's important to me that the ingredients not only pure, but that they work. I stand by all of them, and I use all of them."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SHOP MDNA Skin
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Reinvention Cream ($75) is the kind of genius, multi-use skincare we didn't know we needed: a plush yet water-light cream that can be layered-on thick like an overnight mask, or dabbed on lightly like a serum. The blend of thermal water and resurrection plant stem cells will make skin look younger right away—and overtime, too. That's probably why Madonna told us they rub the formula over their entire body.
"Stem cells in skincare—they're not new, but they are getting more advanced," says Dr. Paul Jarrod Frank, a New York City dermatologist who allegedly sees Madonna as a patient. "We're learning more and more about stem cells in skincare, we don't have all the answers, but we know there's a dramatic effect in skin quality and resilience and renewal." Dr. Frank believes that the unique combination of skin-soothing thermal waters and plant stem cells results in stronger skin that can better protect itself from environmental aggressors that lead to the first signs of aging. "There is no one who can't benefit from it," they note.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We spoke with the Madonna, the original queen of reinvention, about their newest product, their thoughts on anti-aging, and what we can expect from MDNA in 2018:
On The Reinvention Cream:
"It's an all-in-one cream—a cream for under your makeup, on your face as a night cream, also as a body cream. I rub copious amounts on my knees and elbows and any dry patches. And hands! So I recommend that you use it all over your body. What makes the resurrection cream so special is the resurrection plant, which was also found by MPG [editor's note: the parent company of MDNA]. Here I am going to Africa year after year for almost 12 years. I didn't know that these plants are all around me, they don't stand out. They hide themselves. When they're dry they just look like a dry shrub that you don't pay any attention to. When you put water on them they open up and miraculously reinvent themselves. I was struck by the resiliency of the plant so we went one step further to extract the stem cells and combine that with the thermal water to make this cream. For me, it really does allow me to reinvent my skin. I have a connection to Africa, I am always being called the queen of reinvention, so to me it's a perfect full circle and product connection and extension of me."
On why aging should be a positive:
"I don't like the word anti, I guess. Honestly it's just a word. I think we're put on this planet for a certain period of time and our body is going through a state of, I guess, aging and or deconstruction from the day we're born. So my way of looking at is this: we might as well do whatever we can to stay healthy and achieve longevity and take good care of yourself for as long as possible. The aging process doesn't have to negative. I don't know why aging is a negative word, it needs to be a positive word. Yes, we are all aging, but it's not about throwing in the towel—it's about celebrating who we are and getting the best and most out of ourselves for as long as possible. And that comes from working on the inside as well as on the outside. Some people like freckles and lines, and by the way, it looks good on some people. I want baby soft, smooth, creamy, pale skin for the rest of my life. That's what I want. That's why I created skincare. And I'm gonna keep it, dammit!"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Madonna's travel beauty essentials:
"I don't know if you've seen the travel kit, but there's a serum, the rose mist spray, and the face wash [editor's note: the kit sold-out because it's so good.]. So when I'm on an airplane, I just spray myself with the rose mist and I either put on the serum or The Reinvention Cream. Obviously you can only take small amounts on the plane. It's a must-have for traveling."
On bringing the Black Onyx roller to the States:
"After the Reinvention Cream, in the fall we have a line called Black Onyx [editor's note: it's currently available in Japan.]. It's a combination of a device called a black onyx roller which is made with carbon which captures infrared heat. It's something you use to push products into the skin. So one thing is called the Black Onyx roller, and then there's a firming cream that comes with it. I use it not only on my face for lymphatic drainage but I use it and massage on my shoulders, and legs—my son uses when they get home from soccer practice."
MDNA Skin
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On why they started MDNA Skin:
"For the skincare line in general, I wanted to create it because after all my traveling around the world, and all the spas I've been to, and all the products that people have given me to try, I was just tired of using so many different things and then finding something I love and then it got discontinued. Or I couldn't find the right kind of cream that I could wear on stage under makeup that won't make my makeup sweat off or protect my skin under the hot, baking lights. I wanted to create a line that was specifically for me and all-in-one so that I didn't want to have to shop at six different places. And I wanted the ingredients to be pure and not chemicals. So I joined up with this company called MPG, and they're leading high-tech research people who like really understand the science of beauty and they're the ones who helped me find the thermal waters from Tuscany. Which is ironically where my father's ancestors are from, so I have a DNA connection to the MDNA skincare line. These springs where these thermal waters flow, they've been around for thousands of years and people have been going to them to soak in the waters for anything from arthritis to eczema to psoriasis to any kind skincare ailment and also internal ailments. I love the idea that these healing thermal—I call them holy waters—are inside of the skincare line. That's the hero ingredient."
MDNA Skin
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On how their skincare ties in with charity:
"I don't believe in taking something from a place and not giving back so I have a long standing relationship with Africa, specially Malawi, and I wanted to make sure I gave back. So I have been working there for years now, spending most of my time and money on healthcare for children and education for girls. I wanted to make sure a portion of the proceeds went to schooling and educating girls. Every time someone purchases a Reinvention Cream, their money from that purchase will go to educating girls and making sure they have one year of schooling through my organization Raising Malawi. I'm gonna do it anyways, so I thought I would love to connect it to this product because the plant that is in it is from Africa. It gives people an incentive and makes people aware that they're not just putting cream on their face—they're also educating people so it's not all superficial."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
MDNA The Reinvention Cream, $75, barneys.com. SHOP
Wall Street Journal Reporter Says Vital Information Was Exposed In NSA Breach NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with writer Shane Harris, one of the journalists who broke the story of the major security breach at the National Security Agency for the Wall Street Journal.
Andersson the understated symbol of post-Ibrahimovic Sweden
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 46 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:57 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out.
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
The object of their affections was clear.
"It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange," Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. "The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them."
So they did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of their clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms.
Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday.
Through their insistence on working as a team (or as a "collective," as they often say), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team.
"If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual," Andersson said. "Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that."
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to themselves as "God" or a "lion?"
Sweden is doing better at this World Cup than it ever did with Ibra.
Andersson's Sweden is hard-working, well-drilled, tough to break down — and dull to watch.
"I would not call you boring," Switzerland playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri told Swedish reporters after Tuesday's game, "but people at home may not like watching you."
Sweden has three shutouts in four games despite a possession disadvantage: 29 percent against Germany, 35 percent versus Mexico and 37 percent against Switzerland. Tactics include long passes to 6-foot-4 (1.92 meter) striker Ola Toivonen and throw-ins into the penalty area with the hope of flick-ons.
"We are right on the mark everywhere," midfielder Albin Ekdal said. "It's incredibly difficult to score against us."
After the victory against Switzerland, Andersson deflected a question about whether Sweden is starting to think about winning its first World Cup. Its side of the bracket opened with the exits of Germany, Spain, Portugal and Argentina.
"If you start to lower the bar or the level of ambition, that's not going to make for satisfaction," they said.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
The Crazy, Unbelievable Alabama Senate Race Careens To An End
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hal Yeager/Getty Images Hal Yeager/Getty Images
"Unprecedented" is a term that was thrown around a lot to describe the crazy 2016 presidential election. Now, the Alabama Senate race may be giving that campaign a run for its money.
The appointment of Luther Strange to succeed new Attorney Jeff Sessions had occurred under a cloud of suspicion, with then-Gov. Robert Bentley tapping Strange — the state attorney general who had been investigating Bentley for using their office to cover up an extramarital affair.
Now, the end of the race culminates not in Strange as the GOP nominee but in Roy Moore — easily one of the most controversial figures in Alabama politics even before this race — as the Republican standard-bearer who's been beset by allegations of sexual misconduct and sexual assault.
Moore looked dead in the water when the accusations — which they stringently deny — surfaced a month ago. Multiple women have alleged that, decades ago, they pursued them romantically as teenagers when they were in their thirties, including one woman who said Moore initiated sexual contact with them when they were just 14.
Other recent accusations of sexual misconduct have resulted in three members of Congress resigning last week, with at least two other lawmakers still on the hot set facing allegations and questions. Even if they win, Moore could face an ethics investigation and calls from within the ranks of Senate Republicans not to seat him.
Nonetheless, Moore's poll numbers appear to have rebounded, and the Republican probably has even a very slight edge heading into Election Day on Tuesday, according to observers in the state. And while national GOP leaders began to abandon them in droves initially, President Trump embraced them last week with a full-on endorsement. The Republican National Committee soon followed, reinstating their financial support for Moore.
A win by Democratic nominee Doug Jones in Alabama — a state that Trump won by almost 30 points just last year — once looked unthinkable. Then, a Moore victory, after multiple women came forward to accuse them of sexual impropriety against them when they were teenagers, similarly seemed impossible.
Polls in the race have been all over the place, with turnout in a special election during the year-end holiday season hard to measure. And add in the latest dose of uncertainty which is nearly impossible to measure or predict: trying to guess whether Republicans will stay home or if enough African-American voters will go to the polls to help Jones.
It's anyone's best guess how this wild ride will end for a seat that's important as Republicans try to pass a tax overhaul and other GOP priorities in a closely-divided Senate with the 2018 midterms less than a year away.
Here are just a few of the factors that have added uncertainty and often flat-out "what in the world is happening" reactions to this race.
How we got here: from one sex scandal to another
This contest wasn't even supposed to have happened until 2018 if not for another sex scandal that prompted its rescheduling. When Bentley stepped down after allegedly using their office to cover up an affair with an aide, new Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey moved up the election to 2017.
After Bentley resigned, their appointment of Strange — who was investigating wrongdoing by the then-governor — became a political hot potato. The appearance of some sort of quid pro quo, even though Strange denied it, was the biggest factor that led to their loss to Moore in the GOP primary runoff, according to multiple Republicans in the state. Not even millions of dollars spent by national GOP groups and a superPAC aligned with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., could save Strange.
Republicans in Washington, D.C., certainly weren't thrilled that they now had Moore, who had long been a polarizing political figure in the Yellowhammer State, as the GOP nominee. The former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice had been well-known for years for their Christian nationalist stances, including refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument he'd erected in the state judicial building, their hardline comments on same-sex marriage and transgender rights, and more recently their suggestion that the last time America was "great again" was when there was slavery.
Still, even given the amount of political baggage Moore arguably had, most people didn't expect that the general election would turn so, well, strange in the end.
Flood of accusations against Moore
It all started on Nov. 9, when the Washington Post published a bombshell account from Leigh Corfman, who detailed how Moore — then a 32 year-old district attorney — pursued them romantically when they were 14. Corfman said during one meeting Moore removed their clothes and they took off their top and pants, and then Moore "touched them over their bra and underpants, they say, and guided their hand to touch them over their underwear." Corfman said they then asked Moore to take their home, which they did. (She would later appear on NBC's Today to discuss their allegations.)
Corfman's story was only the beginning, as nine women in total came forward saying Moore had pursued them romantically when they were teenagers. Some media outlets even reported that they had been banned from the local mall in Gadsden, Ala., in the late 1970s apparently out of concerns they were paying excessive attention to the teenage girls who worked and hung out there. Moore's campaign quickly took issue with those reports.
Moore and their allies pushed back hard against the flood of accusations against them — but in some surprising and questionable ways. Some even argued that the age gap between Moore and the girls wasn't necessarily wrong.
"Take the Bible. Zachariah and Elizabeth for instance. Zachariah was extremely old to marry Elizabeth and they became the parents of John the Baptist," Alabama State Auditor Jim Zeigler told the Washington Examiner. "Also take Joseph and Mary. Mary was a teenager and Joseph was an adult carpenter. They became parents of Jesus."
Moore went on Fox News host Sean Hannity's radio show — typically a very friendly venue for Republicans — the next day to rebut the charges further. Instead, they ended up doing more damage. When Hannity asked Moore if they had ever dated 16-, 17- or 18-year-olds, their answer wasn't a flat-out denial initially. Instead, they said "not generally, no" and said that dating a girl in their late teens "would have been out of my customary behavior."
"I don't remember dating any girl without the permission of their mother," Moore also added. Finally, Moore gave a more forceful denial, saying that dating a teenage girl would have been "inappropriate."
As the weeks went on, it seemed clear there were still plenty of doubts in the minds of voters as to the veracity of the accusations. To others, even if they did believe there was some truth to the women's stories, because Moore would vote right on social issues such as abortion, it was worth voting for them anyway.
A focus group done by GOP pollster Frank Luntz recently and aired on VICE News Tonight showed that some conservative Alabama voters thought the women making the accusations were being paid. And others said that even if Moore had tried to date teenage girls decades ago, that was perfectly acceptable at the time anyway.
YouTube
Moore's Trumpian strategy: Blame Washington and the media
The embattled Moore has appeared infrequently in public since the allegations against them were reported, and when they do, they have refused to take questions from the media about the accusers after that Hannity interview. Their campaign has held occasional "press conferences" to try to discredit some of the allegations of the women who had come forward, but even then representatives of the campaign haven't taken questions.
Instead, Moore has embraced a decidedly Trumpian strategy — shift the blame. The D.C. establishment — including both Republicans and Democrats — have long been out to get him, Moore told their supporters. That's why "swamp creature" McConnell had spent so heavily to defeat them in the primary and failed. Now, there was a coordinated effort to make sure they didn't make it to the U.S. Senate, in Moore's view.
"I think they're afraid I'm going to take Alabama values to Washington, and I can't wait," Moore said at the end of a campaign rally last Tuesday alongside former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon. The Brietbart News chief has used their website's considerable influence among conservatives to boost Moore and discredit the accusations against him.
Eventually Trump, too, would buy into that argument, casting doubt on Moore's accusers. "He totally denies it," the president said before leaving the White House for Thanksgiving. And they echoed another refrain Moore has hammered home — these accusations are from 40 years ago, so why would the women be coming forward now?
It wasn't until last week that Trump would remove any doubt that they were 100 percent behind Moore. And while they didn't outright campaign for Moore, they did the closest thing they could — holding a campaign rally Friday night just about 20 miles from the Alabama border in Pensacola, Fla., that falls within the Mobile, Ala., media market.
Trump made only a passing mention of the race, but did seize upon the news of the day that one Moore accuser, Beverly Young Nelson, had admitted to adding an inscription to a yearbook note they claimed proved they knew Moore 40 years ago, something they offered in support of their allegation that Moore sexually assaulted them back then. Amid a fresh round of attacks on their credibility, Nelson maintains that Moore's signature and the personal note written to them in the yearbook were penned by Moore.
Fundamentals favor Jones, but will it matter?
Jones, the former U.S. attorney who once prosecuted KKK members for a high-profile crime against African-Americans during the civil rights movement, has the type of profile that may appeal to some moderate voters and could motivate black voters in the state.
toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images
And, as NBC News noted, Jones' campaign has outspent Moore by a 10-1 margin and has an active get-out-the-vote operation. Moore's campaign has been a skeleton operation in the final stretch, with rare appearances and minimal staff.
But, in 2016 Trump's campaign was derided in much the same way, and it was assumed that their controversial remarks, sexual assault allegations and a tape in which they bragged about groping women would be their downfall. That's not to mention the money advantage that Hillary Clinton had over the GOP nominee who had already divided their party.
Sound familiar?
So, to end what's been a tumultuous few political years, perhaps it should be less than surprising that the Alabama Senate race seems headed for a crazy, unbelievable finish.
A judge threw out David Mueller's case against Taylor Swift, deciding that they “did not act improperly” by reporting that the former DJ allegedly groped them during a meet-and-greet in Denver, Colorado, back in 2013. Mueller was suing Swift for $3 million because they believed they lost their job after they reported the incident to their bosses. Swift's countersuit against Meuller for a dollar still stands and will be deliberated by the judge today.
Passers-by helped free the boy from under the car by jacking it up before firefighter paramedics arrived. They were transported to the hospital, where they were listed as critical.
× ‘We need prayers': Wrestling legend Ric Flair admitted to hospital
CHARLOTTE, N.C. – Pro wrestling legend Ric Flair was hospitalized over the weekend, leading to calls for “prayers and positive energy” for The Nature Boy.
According to their talent representatives at Legacy Talent, Flair was admitted Saturday, August 12 for routine monitoring.
In a tweet Saturday, Legacy Talent CEO Melinda Morris Zanoni said there was “no reason to panic” regarding the former 16-time world champion's condition. On Sunday, Zanoni said Flair was dealing with some “tough medical issues,” but did not elaborate.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Yes,Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style! — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 13, 2017
Flair, 68, was born in Memphis, Tennessee and put up for adoption by their biological parents. Their adoptive parents changed their birth name to Richard Fliehr. The young Flair lived in Detroit, Michigan and later Edina, Minnesota.
Flair made their professional wrestling debut in December 1972 while training under the great Verne Gagne and their AWA promotion. Flair left the AWA in 1974 and joined Jim Crockett Promotions (known as ‘Mid-Atlantic Wrestling' at the time) and the National Wrestling Alliance.
In October 1975, Flair suffered a broken back when the small plane they were traveling in crashed. The crash claimed the life of the pilot and left fellow wrestler Johnny Valentine paralyzed. Flair was told they would never wrestle again. They were back in the ring eight months later.
Flair took the “Nature Boy” moniker in 1978 while feuding with the original Nature Boy, Buddy Rogers.
Flair won the first of their 16 recognized world championships in September 1981, when they defeated Dusty Rhodes for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
The 1980s proved to be Flair's decade, as they recorded more world title reigns and earned great acclaim with feuds against the likes of Harley Race, the Von Erichs, Dusty Rhodes, Ricky Steamboat, and Sting. Their flamboyance was on full display in the ring and especially in interviews. Their charisma in front of the camera put them head and shoulders above nearly all of their peers.
Flair coined several catchphrases and fashioned new nicknames, referring to themselves as “The Dirtiest Player in The Game” and “Slick Rick.” Their braggadocious attitude carried through memorable quips, “To be the man, you've got to beat the man,” and “Whether you like it or not, learn to love it, because it's the best thing going!”
Perhaps the thing most connected to Flair's iconic lexicon isn't a catchphrase or saying, but rather a cocksure exclamation — “Woo!”
A Michigan man charged with second-degree murder for a vehicle crash that left five people dead says they want the victims' families to know he's sorry.
The Livingston Daily Press & Argus reports that 21-year-old Matthew Jordan Carrier was arraigned last month on a 19-count felony complaint. The charges also include operating a vehicle while intoxicated causing death and driving on a suspended license causing death.
Carrier says they recall consuming large amounts of alcohol the night of May 9, when police say they struck another car while driving. They say they don't remember the crash.
Passengers in Carrier's vehicle were killed, as were those in the other car.
Carrier said Friday "it would be fair" if they went to prison.
He's jailed without bond. They return to court Aug. 23.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Warwick's first ‘Guy of Warwick Day' has been heralded a success after hundreds of people came out to see the story of the legend come to life.
The Guy of Warwick Society, which works to keep alive the stories of Guy of Warwick, initiated the Spring Bank Holiday Monday as ‘Guy of Warwick Day' and it is set to become an annual event.
In celebration of the day the society teamed up with theatre group the Slaughterhouse Players to provide re-enactments and a procession which told the story of the legend.
The day was part of the Warwick Festival, which also took place over the weekend.
To kick off Guy of Warwick Day, the Slaughterhouse Players re-enacted Guy defeating the giant and Danish Champion, Colbrand at Guy's Cliffe House, in the presence of the new Warwick mayor, Cllr Richard Eddy.
They then re-enacted the death of Guy in their cave and the passing of the ‘Great Sword' to the mayor.
A grand medieval procession then passed through Warwick, stopping at St Mary's Church before heading to Market Square.
More than 250 spectators gathered to see the performance depicting the ‘Slaying of the Dun Cow'.
The procession then moved to the Holloway and gardens of The Globe for further performances.
Boston Celtics star Gordon Hayward underwent a successful procedure to remove hardware from their leg on Wednesday, according to a press release from the team.
Per the Celtics, Hayward was experiencing discomfort in their peroneal tendons, caused by the plate and screws inserted into their fibula to repair it. According to the team, Hayward's ankle and fibula -- which they fractured and dislocated gruesomely on Opening Night against the Cleveland Cavaliers -- are both structurally sound. They said they expect them to be at full strength for the start of training camp. They will return to basketball activities in 6-8 weeks.
It's unclear if this surgery qualifies as a set back: According to Danny Ainge on Monday, Hayward had just returned to minimal basketball activities, including 1-on-1 work. For the injured forward, who watched the Celtics' improbable run to the Eastern Conference Finals from the sideline, anything that knocks them off course -- however briefly -- might feel like a set back.
But for the team, a structurally sound ankle and fibula is excellent news: Since Hayward went down, the only thing that truly mattered for the Celtics -- both on a personal and organizational level -- was Hayward's complete, healthy return to the court. If he's ready to go for training camp, that's a big win for everybody involved.
The Celtics also announced Aron Baynes underwent successful nasal surgery to repair a fracture they suffered in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Finals. Baynes didn't wear a mask or tell anyone outside of the organization about their broken nose until exit interviews on Monday (Baynes told reporters their two-year-old son had kicked them in the nose that morning). Baynes is expected to return to basketball activities in 2-4 weeks.
World Cup 2018: 3 things we should learn from Japan and its fans
Hearts are what Japan won in the World Cup
This edition of the FIFA World Cup has already surprised us with the shocking exits of big fishes like Germany, Spain, Argentina and Portugal. The tournament being held in Russia has been even labelled 'the world cup of the underdogs' for the reason that there are some unexpected teams who have made it to the quarterfinals.
It is exciting to see the dark horses have a shot at the big prize, but World Cup also have given us some heartbreaking moments.
The elimination of teams like Morocco, Iran, Senegal, Nigeria, etc despite fighting hard was too painful for anyone who loves the game.
One such team who saw their dreams fall down even after putting up a great performance was Japan. The Samurais were 2-0 up against their round of 16 opponents Belgium at one point of the game, but a quick turn of things saw them being knocked out when the final whistle was blown.
Japan might be going home with nothing but empty hands and broken hearts. However, they have left some big lessons for every one of us to learn.
Here are three things that we all should learn from the Asian side and its fans:
#3 Discipline
The Japanese fans stood back after games to clean the stadiums
Japan has been always known for their discipline. Even the common habit of removing one's footwear before entering a building or a house was introduced by them. The country's football team and its fans who came to participate at the World Cup were no different.
Players resorting to unethical actions on the pitch to provoke the opponents or to get a decision in their favour from the referee has become an ordinary spectacle in modern football. There are even teams who use it as a strategy to tempt their opponents. But Japan made sure that they don't forget their own values even in their darkest hours.
Even though they lunge into tackles or gather around the officials to let them know about their unhappiness on any particular decision, the Blue Samurais do not cross a certain limit. Cheap shots and such unscrupulous acts are not present in their book of tricks.
And we cannot not talk about the team's supporters, who always stood back after games to clean up the area they were occupying. Even when their heroes faced an excruciating defeat in the final minute of the match against Belgium, they made sure that they didn't leave anything behind that would tarnish the values held by them.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle overcame minor technical issues to present a solider with an award for overcoming PTSD after they fought in several conflicts.
Ms Markle and their husband-to-be Prince Harry were both at the Endeavour Fund Awards at Goldsmiths' City Hall this evening.
The actor, who wore a glamorous black Alexander McQueen Suit, presented the second award - the "Celebrating Excellence" award.
They said: "I'm truly privileged to be here."
But there were giggles from guests in the room, including Prince Harry, as former winner Neil Heritage struggled with the envelope containing the names of the nominees.
Ms Markle smiled and laughed like a consummate professional as they helped their co-presenter and the ceremony got back on track.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle: Live updates as couple honour injured war heroes
The award was won by Daniel Claricoats, from Plymouth.
They were previously awarded the Military Cross after multiple tours in Afghanistan, which led to a very complex PTSD.
The disorder did not stop them from climbing to the summits of the highest mountains in both Africa and Antarctica with the organisation 65 Degrees North.
"I don't really feel deserving," they said, after accepting the award.
(Image: GC Images)
Since they announced their engagement at the end of November, the couple, who will marry at Windsor Castle on May 19 , have embarked on a number of royal engagements designed to introduce Los Angeles-born Ms Markle to royal life.
Taking in London, Nottingham and Cardiff, Ms Markle has won over the crowds with their easy charm and innate sense of style, but has been offered little chance for true Hollywood glamour.
Tonight's event at the historic Goldsmiths' Hall in the City of London - the first evening engagement they have attended together - rectified that.
(Image: PA)
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
The Endeavour Fund is supported by The Royal Foundation of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry – which Ms Markle will add their name to after their marriage.
Prince Harry said to the attendees: "You guys are truly awesome and society needs every single one of you, and it's up to every single one of us in this room to provide those opportunities for you."
The fund encourages the ambitions of men and women to use challenges such as scuba diving, mountain climbing and dog sledging to help with their physical, psychological and social recovery and rehabilitation.
On the steps of Goldsmiths Hall they were greeted by General Sir Nick Carter, Chief of the General Staff, Lorraine Heggessey, from the Royal Foundation, and David Wiseman, Head of Armed Forces for the Royal Foundation.
At a pre-ceremony reception Meghan and Harry met the inspiring nominees, as well as other Endeavour participants and key supporters of the fund.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: GC Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ms Markle told one, Cornelia Oosthuizen, an army officer whose involvement in competitive sport was curtailed by illness but has since gone on to compete at Harry's Invictus Games: “Wow, that's amazing."
The couple also chatted at length with Joanna Worsley , widow of Henry Worsley, who tragically lost their lives in January 2016 while attempting to cross the Antarctic landmass, solo and unsupported.
Henry, a career soldier and an experienced polar adventurer, undertook their incredible expedition in order to raise money for the Endeavour Fund and was just 30 miles from the finish when they lost their lives.
The couple's son, Max, said their mother had met Harry and their bride-to-be a few weeks ago when they met to decide the winner of an award in their name and memory.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Splash News)
They said: “Mum liked them very much and said they had said how delighted they were to be involved with tonight's event.
“Prince Harry has been incredibly supportive since my father passed away.
“I know they would be delighted to see what they have inspired and hopefully, thorough this award, will go on to inspire.”
After the pre-ceremony the couple will attend the awards ceremony, where, unusually, Ms Markle will be presenting awards in their own right.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Danny Martindale/WENN)
The Recognising Achievement Award - awarded to the individual who has best utilised their endeavour to promote and catalyse their recovery was won by Ben Lee.
The Celebrating Excellence Award - awarded to the individual who has endeavoured to achieve excellence in their chosen sport or adventure challenge was won by Daniel Claricoats.
The Henry Worsley Award is named after the late Henry Worsley, who tragically lost their lives in January 2016 whilst attempting to cross the Antarctic landmass, solo and unsupported.
It was won by rifleman Sean Gane.
Henry, a career soldier and an experienced polar adventurer, undertook this incredible expedition in order to raise money for the Endeavour Fund and was just 30 miles from the finish when they lost their lives.
The Awards were presented by the seasoned adventurer, explorer and Parachute Regiment veteran, Levison Wood, who was yesterday announced as The Endeavour Fund's first ambassador.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The fund is a project led by The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry, which aims to help servicemen and women through physical challenges.
More than two thousand injured or sick veterans have been helped by the Fund since its launch in 2012.
Meghan Markle will become a patron of the Royal Foundation after their marriage to Prince Harry on May 19.
Five teams perfectly suited to Marco Asensio
Marco Asensio is a player on the rise and here are five teams for whom they could thrive.
@UmidKumarDey by Umid Kumar Dey Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 16:31 IST
Asensio is fast making a name for themselves
This is a good time for youngsters. Every now and then, there pops up a young gem that takes the footballing world by storm. Right now, there are a good three to four players in that category – with Marco Asensio being one of them.
Asensio was bought by Real Madrid in December 2014 when the youngster was playing for Mallorca. They stayed at the club till the end of that season and then joined Real Madrid for the pre-season after which they joined Espanyol on loan for a year.
After a wonderful season at the Catalan club, they returned to Madrid and was retained by Zinedine Zidane, who furthered their improvement with their astute guidance. Right now, as Asensio is set for world domination, we look at which other teams they could have been a perfect fit for...
#5 Arsenal
The obvious choice. Asensio and Arsenal are almost made for each other. The fact that Arsenal is vehemently pursuing Thomas Lemar is evidence that they need a playmaker on the wings – and there are only a few better than Asensio in that regard.
The 21-year-old may not have the flashy dribbling skills of Ousmane Dembele or Kylian Mbappe, but in terms of efficiency and decision-making, they are above them. It is for these reasons why the former Mallorca man would suit Arsenal.
Also, the fact that Santi Cazorla will probably not be the same player they were before their injury means Arsenal need a player in the same mould. Over the years, Asensio has shown that they are capable of playing anywhere from midfield to the wings – making them the heir apparent to Cazorla.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Watching a classic film in the great outdoors with a pint and a pizza - sounds too good to be true, right?
Wrong. For one Bristol venue is hosting a summer movie series where film lovers will be able to do exactly the above all throughout these lovely warm months.
The Lanes will become home to the Summer Courtyard Cinema Club all throughout the summer, where a number of top movies will be shown on a big screen in the Nelson Street venue's courtyard garden in the sunshine.
The event series gets underway with a screening of Disney/Pixar classic Toy Story, although sadly it won't be followed by the other two films in the timeless trilogy.
You'll then be able to watch Brad Pitt shine in all their glory in the epic Fight Club a week later, while later screenings include Jurassic Park, Juno, Groundhog Day, Chicken Run, High Fidelity and Pan's Labyrinth, to name but a few choices.
Summer Courtyard Cinema Club at The Lanes kicks off with Toy Story on June 5, and will then take place every Tuesday until September 11.
To reserve a space free of charge, email info@thelanesbristol.com or message the Summer Courtyard Cinema Club Facebook page .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ivan Perisic is preparing for life at Manchester United and expects to move to Old Trafford before the summer transfer window slams shut.
United have yet to reach an agreement with Inter Milan but Perisic's camp believe it is only a matter of time, according to the Manchester Evening News .
It is believed the Croatian is keen to work with boss Jose Mourinho and wants to play in the Champions League again after a four-year absence.
Although Perisic is content with life in Milan, the father-of-two sees this summer as the chance to finally make the move to England after spells in France, Belgium, Germany and Italy.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Inter, who recently appointed Luciano Spalletti as their new manager, need to raise £26m by the end of June to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations - which could speed things up.
Hard-working and direct, Perisic has been earmarked by Mourinho as the ideal signing to improve United's transitions and cutting edge on the break
The 28-year-old would give Mourinho a more direct option with their ability to find an extra gear when bursting forward into the final third.
The Croatian is comfortable with the ball at their feet under pressure and is a bit of a throwback with their trademark of running to the byline and swinging in a low, teasing cross.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ask Code Switch: Who Can Call Themselves 'Brown'? "Brown" is a word that's sometimes used to describe people who aren't white, including some people who also identify as Asian-American. NPR's Code Switch team recently got a question from a listener: Should light-skinned Asian-Americans — like some East Asians — be able to call themselves "brown"? The answer is complicated, and has to do with how diverse "Asian-Americans" are.
A 70-YEAR-OLD fisherman drowned off Barangay Pugalo, Alcoy, Cebu last Sunday morning.
Police identified the fatality as Eutiquio Caño, a resident of Sitio Martinez in Pugalo.
Investigators believed they were drunk when they drowned.
Neighbors saw Caño drinking in the past three days.
Fellow fisherman and neighbor Regulado Enolba, 62, found them floating lifeless past 7 a.m.
Investigators found an empty plastic gallon tied around the waist of Caño.
They believed they went fishing and that container was intended to store their catch.
LIVERPOOL, England — England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be in doubt for the World Cup after sustaining a leg injury while playing for Liverpool in its 5-2 win over Roma in Champions League on Tuesday
Oxlade-Chamberlain was carried off on a stretcher in the 18th minute at Anfield after injuring their right leg in a tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said it was "probably a really bad injury" and acknowledged that Oxlade-Chamberlain's season was over, even before they have undergone any scans to assess the damage.
"Yes, that is how it is, unfortunately," Klopp said. "All of the medical department is quite concerned, without a scan. The season is not that long anymore. I am very positive person and hope it only feels bad. But I am not flying, mood-wise, because we lost a fantastic player tonight."
Klopp said Oxlade-Chamberlain's injury took some gloss off Liverpool's brilliant performance in the first leg of the semifinals, in which they conceded two late goals to give Roma a lifeline.
"The biggest blow for the mood is the injury of Chamberlain," Klopp said, "so conceding two goals is not what we want 100 per cent but we can deal with that."
Liverpool is also currently without midfielders Emre Can and Adam Lallana
"The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment," Klopp said, "so we need to be creative in the next few games."
Oxlade-Chamberlain has become an established member of England coach Gareth Southgate's squad after settling well at Liverpool following their move from Arsenal at the end of last year's summer transfer window.
By Steve Douglas, The Associated Press
Giant Food of Landover, Maryland, has launched its Giant Private Brand “No Antibiotics Ever” line of pork products. In addition to containing zero antibiotics or hormones, Giant's newest line of pork offerings is 100 percent vegetarian fed.
“Giant Food is excited to continue developing products that taste great, are in step with consumer trends and offer customers our own line of Giant Private Brand ‘No Antibiotics Ever' pork selections,” said Gordon Reid, president of Giant Food.
The package features the Giant Food logo and a “No Antibiotics Ever” label. Bone In Chops, Boneless Chops and Boneless Sirloin Chops are included in the new pork line.
This is the latest perishable item in the Giant Private Brands line. Last Thanksgiving, the grocer introduced Giant's Nature's Promise brand antibiotic- and growth hormone-free turkeys. Giant plans to reintroduce the turkeys this Thanksgiving season.
Giant Landover operates 167 supermarkets in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware and the District of Columbia.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Delaware man charged in tech fraud scheme | 0:47 Justin David May, a 28-year-old Brandywine A Hundred resident, was indicted by federal authorities in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania last week. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/Wochit 1 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Woman shot during Fox Point carjacking | 0:26 A 20-year-old was shot in them during a carjacking late Thursday night. 1/26/18 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 2 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME BB gun shooter frustrates Claymont residents | 0:41 Residents in several Claymont neighborhoods found their car windows and other property damaged due to someone firing a BB gun. New Castle County police is investigating. 1/25/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Man arrested in fatal Wilmington stabbing | 0:33 Wilmington police have arrested a man they believe stabbed their girlfriend to death Saturday. It was Wilmington's first homicide this year. 1/22/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies | 0:36 Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies Wochit 5 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Edgemoor shooting injures one | 0:24 New Castle County police say a person was injured in a shooting on Polk Dr. 1/18/18 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 6 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Middletown police: Two people shot Wednesday | 0:28 Police said the victims were found in different locations Wednesday afternoon after a report of gunshots on the 100 block of East Lockwood Street. No information has been released on their condition. John Jankowski Jr. / Special to the News Journal 7 of 7 Last VideoNext Video Delaware man charged in tech fraud scheme
Woman shot during Fox Point carjacking
BB gun shooter frustrates Claymont residents
Man arrested in fatal Wilmington stabbing
Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies
Edgemoor shooting injures one
Middletown police: Two people shot Wednesday
Marissa Mess of Millsboro, 30 (Photo: Courtesy of Delaware State Police)
Police arrested two people Thursday in Milton after a 37-year-old man tried to escape by jumping through a closed window and a 30-year-old woman hid in a closet.
Officers had received information that Marissa Mess of Millsboro, who was wanted by Newark police for endangering the welfare of a child and violating probation, was in the 20000 block of Harmon Drive with Lenear D. Kellam, who was on probation.
When officers arrived at the scene, they knocked on the side door to the house several times with no answer, Master Cpl. Melissa Jaffe of the Delaware State Police said. The task force said they heard people moving around and a woman's voice.
Mess' mother, Cheryl Mess, 54, of Millsboro, answered the door several minutes later and said Melissa Mess was not home and that they were the only one in the house, Jaffe said.
Lenear D. Kellam, of Millsboro, 37 (Photo: Courtesy of Delaware State Police)
Because Kellam had reported the address as their to probation officers, police were able to access the house, Jaffe said. Officers found them trying to flee out the back door, before they ran into the back room and crashed through a closed window, causing the glass to break.
Crime: Home invasion: Multiple armed intruders enter home while children sleep
Kellam then ran from the house and ignored officers' commands to stop and get on the ground, Jaffe said. A detective used their stun gun and took Kellam into custody, where six bags of heroin and 4.98 grams of marijuana was found on him, Jaffe said.
While searching the house, police found Marissa Mess in a bedroom closet with drug paraphernalia on the floor next to her, Jaffe said.
Kellam was taken to Beebe Medical Center for injuries sustained while jumping through the window and was treated and released.
They were charged with criminal mischief, resisting arrest, third-degree conspiracy, possession of heroin, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of marijuana.
Crime: Police respond to Dunleith, near New Castle, after man shot in leg
Jaffe said Kellam had an active warrant out for resisting arrest and three warrants for violating probation, failure to appear in court and failure to pay fines. They were arraigned and committed to the Sussex Correctional Institution on a $29,000 cash bond.
Marissa Mess was charged with resisting arrest, third-degree conspiracy and possession of drug paraphernalia, Jaffe said. They were arraigned and committed to the Delores J. Baylor Women's Correctional Institution on $9,000 cash bond.
Cheryl Mess was charged with hindering prosecution and was issued a criminal summons before being released.
Contact Josephine Peterson at (302) 324-2856 or jhpeterson@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @jopeterson93.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/02/02/two-arrested-after-one-jumped-through-window-flee-police-say/301858002/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke's Bristol Rovers went down to a 2-1 home defeat against Shrewsbury Town to end a run of seven matches unbeaten on Saturday afternoon.
The Gas had looked set for a point when Joe Partington fired home only three minutes after Omar Beckles had nodded the Shrews into a 62nd minute lead.
But Alex Rodman's shot was turned in by Aristote Nsiala to bring about Rovers first defeat of 2018.
Former Millwall defender Tony Craig went straight into the starting eleven to line-up alongisde Tom Broadbent with Tom Lockyer out. Winger Kyle Bennett was on the bench after they joined the club from Portsmouth.
Tony Craig
They looked pretty good considering they haven't been playing a huge amount at Millwall.
Craig looked short of match practice but their positioning was spot on. They won plenty of headers and had a no-nonsense style of defending, looking pretty solid.
The vocal level of their performance was notable with the 32-year-old organising the defender throughout the afternoon.
Kyle Bennett
They didn't get into the game too much and they struggled a little bit.
I don't think the pitch at the Memorial Stadium suits their style of play but hopefully they will adapt to their new surroundings over time.
Watch Jack Vittles offer their full verdict on the two new signings in the video above
Get Screened Earlier For Colorectal Cancer, Urges American Cancer Society
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, most frequently diagnosed among adults over 65. To catch those typically slow-growing malignancies early, when they can often be cured, most doctors' groups recommend colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50.
But the American Cancer Society this week changed its advice and is recommending that screening start five years earlier.
"There is compelling evidence that the optimum age to start is now 45," says Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer of the society, who cites a sharp increase in deaths from colon and rectal cancers among men and women under age 50.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," Wender says.
And the rise is not just because detection is getting better, they say. In fact, the risk of developing colon cancer is twice as high as it was years ago and the risk of developing rectal cancer is four times higher.
"We just have to face reality," says Wender. "We just don't know why it's increasing."
Some of the increase could stem from the increase in obesity in the U.S., a known risk factor for colorectal cancer, they say.
"But we don't think that explains the entire change," they add. "There is a great deal of interest and a lot of research beginning to try to answer that question."
So far, other groups are maintaining their recommendation that colon cancer screening start at age 50, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, an independent, volunteer panel of national experts in disease prevention and evidence-based medicine.
Stanford University internist Douglas K. Owens, the task force's vice-chairperson, says the group's 2016 recommendations were based on extensive review of the benefits and harms of colorectal screening at the time.
"There was limited data on screening people under age 50," Owens says. The new American Cancer Society guidelines, they add, should prompt more research into the relative benefits and harms of screening among younger people.
Dr. Robin B. Mendelsohn, a gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, says there's been an "alarming" increase in cancer among younger adults. She's the co-director of the recently established Center for Young Onset Colorectal Cancer there.
Over the last 10 years, Memorial Sloan Kettering has seen 4,000 new colorectal cancer patients under age 50, they say. Many of them did not have traditional risk factors such as obesity, smoking, alcohol, physical inactivity or a diet high in fat or low in fiber.
In fact, Mendelsohn says, they were typically less likely to smoke and less likely to be overweight than their older counterparts.
"Anecdotally, when you talk with these patients, [some] are marathon runners who don't eat red meat, don't smoke, do everything 'right' and say 'why did this happen to me?' " they say.
Often, they tell them they've seen multiple doctors because of rectal bleeding, but have been told, since they're under 50, they "can't have cancer." That's clearly not the case, they say.
Ongoing studies are looking at a multitude of factors that might be contributing to the earlier cancer incidence. Potential culprits include over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medicines, antibiotics and antidepressants, as well as multiple vitamins, probiotics and other dietary supplements.
The new recommendations should bring greater attention to the value of screening, says Mendelsohn, who suggests that future studies investigate whether even younger people — in their early 40s or even 30s — should be screened.
A first colon cancer screening does not have to be a colonoscopy. In its new recommendations, the cancer society recommends choosing from one of six screening tests, which are also currently recommended by other expert groups. The guidelines don't prioritize among screening choices.
The choices include three at-home kits that test stool for blood.
These kits need to be ordered by a doctor; primary-care providers often have them on hand in the office to give to patients, Wender says, or they may be mailed.
"It's done in the privacy of your own home," they say. Patients mail the sample to a research facility which tests for microscopic traces of blood.
If the test is positive, a colonoscopy is recommended, Wender says; but only one in five people test positive for blood in their stool.
Typically, these home tests of feces are repeated every year for good results.
Alternatively, some patients opt for what's called a "virtual" colonoscopy — essentially a CT scan of the colon — which should be done every five years, according to the new recommendations.
Another approved option is a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which looks at the lower part of the colon, and is followed up by a colonoscopy if polyps are found.
A positive result picked up in these screening tests is typically followed up by a colonoscopy, which uses a tiny camera to investigate the entire colon. It is not only a search for early cancer; more often than not, Wender says, it detects pre-malignant, suspicious lesions, or polyps, which are removed during the procedure.
"When we find and remove polyps we actually prevent any future chance of that developing into cancer," they say.
Despite the high cure rate when colon cancer is caught early, only two-thirds of Americans over 50 get screened.
The American Cancer Society says it endorsed the full range of screening tests "without preference" in order to improve the rate of screening. In its latest advice, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says head-to-head comparison studies have shown that no one screening test is more effective than another in early cancer detection.
While they differ on the age of first screening, both groups suggest that screening over age 75 should be a joint decision between patient and doctor. And after age 85, screening is no longer necessary, the doctors' groups agree. That's because the risk of colonoscopy among this elderly population can outweigh any benefit.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is almost over for another series.
Its January return brought with it a batch of famous faces who have been locked away from the British public for the past month.
But what's the meaning of the theme of CBB series 21? Who were all the contestants? And how can you watch the live final?
The 2018 series has been an epic on this year - but only one celebrity can be crowned the winner.
Transgender newsreader India Willoughby was the first contestant to be evicted, followed by journalist Rachel Johnson and the lovely Maggie Oliver being booted out in a double eviction. John Barnes became the first male evictee of CBB 2018 in a shocking backdoor eviction, shortly followed by Ginuwine in week three. A shock triple eviction saw Andrew Brady , Jonny Mitchell and Dapper Laughs evicted last week.
Shane Jenek, Shane Lynch, Ann Widdecombe, Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep are confirmed finalists after a triple eviction on Tuesday night saw Amanda Barrie, Ashley James and Malika Haqq leave the house.
Here's everything you need to know about Celebrity Big Brother 2018...
What time is the CBB final?
Celebrity Big Brother comes to an end on tonight . The series finale will air at 9pm on Channel 5 .
Emma Willis will chat to the winner in a later episode at 10.30pm, which will be immediately followed by the final CBB Bit on the Side, where Rylan Clark-Neal will chat champion gossip.
How to watch Celebrity Big Brother live
You can tune in to Channel 5 on the telly or watch live on Demand 5 from your PC or mobile device.
If you miss any episodes you can catch up on Demand 5 online 24 hours later.
What's been the theme of CBB 2018?
(Image: WireImage)
This series saw the first ever all-female Celebrity Big Brother line-up - at least to start with.
Channel 5 bosses are celebrating the centenary of women's suffrage - when some women were granted the vote in 2018 - by pulling in a batch of female celebrities.
In their announcement, CBB producers said: "In January 2018, as the nation marks 100 years since women won the right to vote for the very first time, Celebrity Big Brother launches this series with an all-female cast of celebrity housemates in a salute to a centenary of women's suffrage on Channel 5."
However, male celebrities will be added to the line-up throughout the duration of the series.
"Presented by Emma Willis, Celebrity Big Brother will initially explore how the all-female housemates interact, from politicians to performing artists, as they enter the house first, ahead of the celebrity male housemates," the producers went on.
"Over the course of the series, as the male counterparts enter the house, the housemates will take part in a series of entertaining tasks and hidden experiments which will test their - and our - assumptions, challenge gender stereotypes and reveal fascinating truths about what it is to be a woman - and man - in the 21st century.
"See what happens when women hold the power, as Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is set to be celebratory, surprising and insightful."
What's the CBB 2018 logo?
(Image: Channel 5)
The Celebrity Big Brother eye has undergone a whole make-over since the last series, this time sporting a colourful iris and thick eyelashes.
It's made to look like a woman's eye, with a lick of eyeliner and even mascara to make it pop.
But right at the centre of the pupil is a camera lens - to remind the housemates that Big Brother is always watching...
Who is in CBB 2018?
The women
Ashley James - OUT in Week Four Amanda Barrie - OUT in Week Four Ann Widdecombe - FINALIST Malika Haqq -OUT in Week Four Rachel Johnson - OUT in Week Two Jess Impiazzi - FINALIST India Willoughby - OUT in Week One Maggie Oliver - OUT in Week Two
The men
Courtney Act - FINALIST Wayne Sleep - FINALIST Ginuwine - OUT in Week Three Andrew Brady - OUT in Week Three Dapper Laughs - OUT in Week Three Shane Lynch - FINALIST Jonny Mitchell - OUT in Week Three John Barnes - OUT in Week Three
Who are the presenters of Celebrity Big Brother 2018?
(Image: 135398-5)
The lovely Emma Willis has returned to their usual duties as host of the main show.
They introduced the line-up in the launch show and has been announcing to the housemates who have been kicked out in each eviction, followed by exit interviews with the evictees.
The stunning brunette will announce the winner tonight, followed by an interview with the champion as well as the other finalists.
Them co-star Rylan Clark-Neal has been hosting Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On The Side, the late-night spin-off that takes a tongue-in-cheek look at the main show's juiciest moments with a celeb-filled panelist.
When will Celebrity Big Brother return?
If you are already feeling low about the fact your evening telly will no longer be filled with CBB episodes - have no fear!
The CBB summer series is expected to make a return in August and we already can't wait.
And - if you can't hold out that long - the civilian edition of the series is expected to return to screens in summer 2018 too.
Applications are now open for Big Brother 2018 auditions if you fancy being an on-screen star and can get the summer off work.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Until recently there was a convention that Prime Ministers did not campaign in by-elections.
That ended when Gordon Brown went to Glenrothes by-election in 2008 where Labour managed to fend off the SNP to hold the seat.
The dam having been broken, David Cameron campaigned in a number of by-elections and today Theresa May will visit Copeland.
You suspect the Prime Minister would not be travelling to Cumbria unless they thought the Tories were in with a chance of being the first government to make a by-election gain since 1982 when the Conservatives took Mitcham and Morden from Labour.
Labour is defending a 2,564 majority in Copeland and a majority of 5,179 in Stoke, which is also up for grabs next Thursday.
(Photo: Getty)
A double defeat for Labour would be a disaster for Jeremy Corbyn and would hasten speculation about them leaving before the 2020 general election.
This is not to say Copeland is a lost cause.
For all Labour's troubles the party still has a well-organised campaign machine which is being overseen in Copeland by Andrew Gwynne MP who helped pull off the thumping victory in Oldham .
Local issues tend to dominate in by-elections and while Jeremy Corbyn's anti-nuclear stance has been unhelpful in Cumbria, the Tories are having to defend a poor record on local NHS services.
In Stoke, UKIP's Paul Nuttall is the main challenger to Labour, the Tories having left the field to maximise the chances of inflicting a defeat.
Until yesterday the purple warriors must have felt they were in with a chance, not least because of the Labour candidate Gareth Snell's loudmouth tweets .
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
But the UKIP leader Paul Nuttall's struggle with reality when it comes to their past - parts of their CV could win a fiction prize - has thrown a lifeline to Labour.
Nuttall's press officer last night took the rap for allegedly embellishing their website with the inaccurate claim they lost a close personal friend at Hillsborough .
Either this is a pathetic excuse to try to minimise the damage or it shows that Nuttall is so incompetent they cannot be bothered to read their own literature.
Neither reflects well on him.
Diane Abbott can be an infuriating, though also charming, politician. Them views are often abrasive, inconsistent and exasperating.
None of which can excuse the awful abuse they have to endure.
In an article for the Guardian they write of the deluge of sexist and racist attacks they regularly receive on social media.
On this they deserve our support.
Not just for their sake but to ensure women and black people are not driven from entering politics.
* If you would like the newsletter sent to your inbox sign up here : http://www.mirror.co.uk/newsletters/politics-newsletter/
Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door last night after Mesut Ozil kept alive Arsenal's hopes of a top-four finish.
The Germany midfielder fired home a 71st-minute winner finally to kill off battling Boro, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.
The triumph – the Gunners' first league away win for three months – lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display, which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.
They kicked off knowing another failure to win – they have not managed a league victory since December 17 – would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes, although buoyed by the knowledge that Arsenal had not collected three points on the road since they won at Swansea on January 14.
Equally, the visitors could not afford to allow that record to continue if they were to stand any chance of securing a 20th consecutive Champions League berth, although the vastly differing levels of ambition were not apparent for much of the first half.
The deadlock was broken three minutes before the break when, after Granit Xhaka had been felled by Adam Clayton 20 yards out, Sanchez curled the resulting free-kick past static Brad Guzan to give their side the lead.
Boro resumed in determined fashion with Stewart Downing lining up on the right, enjoying early success, and they picked out Negredo's 50th-minute run into the box for the Spaniard to stab home an equaliser.
However, Arsenal restored their advantage with 19 minutes remaining when Aaron Ramsey laid off Sanchez's cross for Ozil, who had been enduring a quiet evening up to then, to fire past the helpless Guzan.
Middlesbrough: Guzan, Barragan, Ayala, Gibson, Da Silva (Friend 17), Clayton, de Roon (Gestede 79), Leadbitter, Downing, Negredo, Ramirez (Traore 68). Unused substitutes: Konstantopoulos, Bernardo, Bamford, Forshaw.
Arsenal: Cech, Gabriel, Koscielny, Holding, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ramsey, Xhaka, Monreal, Ozil (Bellerin 90), Sanchez (Coquelin 90), Giroud. Unused substitutes: Gibbs, Walcott, Iwobi, Martinez, Elneny.
Referee: Anthony Taylor (Cheshire).
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This year's Totterdown Music Festival – an event that has become a South Bristol institution over the past 40-plus years – looks set to be cancelled after police pulled the plug.
Pub landlord and festival organiser Jon Evans made the announcement – and received a wave of support from local residents on the Totterdown community's social media.
But the police officer who decided that they would not be supporting any licence application for this year's event said they did so amid concerns about ‘public safety, crime and disorder' and claimed Mr Evans was ‘heavily intoxicated' when officers tried to shut down last year's over-running event.
The Totterdown Music Festival has taken many forms over the past few decades but in recent years has seen the Oxford pub in Totterdown close the road outside, set up a lorry trailer stage across it, and host live music over a weekend.
The event is mainly attended by people from the terraced streets of Totterdown, and for years it has gone ahead with no real problems at all.
But last year's event was marred by two incidents that actually occurred away from the festival itself, but are now being highlighted as a reason not to allow the festival to get a licence for 2018. The first was an alternative ‘rave' set up nearby without permission, and the second was a fight that happened in the New Found Out pub, in a separate street nearby.
Mr Evans said they could not possibly be held responsible for either of those problems – both occurred outside the area the festival covered and after the time when the festival finished.
They said they had been told there was ‘zero chance' of the police granting permission.
“Apparently a fight in another pub and the rave that was set up near the Banco Lounge was all my fault,” they said. “Both were incidents out of any control I could have had.”
“It's a sad end to a great event, and it seems the police cutbacks haven't been extended to the department of stopping fun.
“I need to try to open some dialogue with them, then at least we can sit down and discuss what we could do better,” they added.
But a hard-hitting statement, issued by Avon and Somerset police's licensing officer Louise Mowbray, explained why they would object if Mr Evans put in an application this year.
They painted a picture of a shambolic event which over-ran and lacked any control.
“As far as I'm aware we haven't received a licensing application for the Totterdown Music Festival this year, but if we did receive one, we would oppose a grant of a licence, as we have real concerns about public safety, crime and disorder,” they said.
“Last year's event was poorly run, lacked adequate security and disregarded licensing conditions. The event did not keep to the permitted hours and officers on duty reported that the organiser of the event was intoxicated.
“Numbers at the event far exceeded those permitted and there appeared to be a general lack of control. The event's security staff were not properly briefed - they had no idea what their powers were and whether they should be refusing people who had alcohol with them or not.
“They weren't even sure if they were allowed to evict people from the event.
“Pop up events confounded the issues – whilst not part of the official event, they would likely not have occurred if the Festival wasn't taking place.
“There was a serious incident at the New Found Out and the perpetrator and the victim, both who were intoxicated, had been at the Totterdown Music Festival earlier in the day.
“On both the Saturday and Sunday, music was played much longer than was permitted – on the Saturday beyond 10pm.
“An officer asked Mr Evans at 9pm to close things down, because they only had a licence to play music until 7pm and noticed that they were heavily intoxicated,” they added.
“We received numerous calls from the public about disorder, mainly on Henry Street and officers reported people drinking beyond the barriers of the event, with lots of empty glass bottles littering the area.
“These issues and incidents raise serious concerns with public safety,” they added.
Ms Mowbray did offer a potential olive branch – but it would mean a completely different kind of event.
“If the event were to move to a park with it being fenced, with the necessary support, then an application may be supported, but not in its current format, as we believe it would be a danger to the general public attending,” they said.
“We're not against people having fun, but we do want them to be safe whilst doing so,” they added.
Monday doesn't suck! Maybe your job does. But hey, we're giving you a list of the new songs we're featuring this week!
Almond Soy – I Could Be the One
Amyl and The Sniffers – Cup Of Destiny
Ari Roar – Calm Down
Courtney Barnett – Need A Little Time
Duets and Stuff – Serve Somebody
Eckhardt and the House – If You Cannot Talk
Francobollo – Hoo Ha
Joel Sarakula – In Trouble
Kainalu – Folds Like Origami
Kate Nash – Life In Pink
Lowercase Committee – You're Gonna Be Okay
Mat Kearney x RAC – Memorized
Moonchild – The List
Mr. Bones and the Boneyard Circus – Blood On The Road
Pearl Jam – Can't Deny Me
Pink $ock – I Wish I Had Them Number
Plan Of Fools – Going Nowhere
Prep – Don't Bring Me Down
The Fin. – Shedding
The Magic Gang – Take Care
Thunder Jackson – Colours
Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs – Leave A Light On
You can follow this Spotify playlist. Always fresh and updated weekly!
(except for that Incubus – Nimble Bastard track that we can't get rid of)
GALLIPOLIS — The Ohio Association of Garden Clubs regional meeting was held Oct. 28 at the New Life Lutheran Church in Gallipolis.
Katie Shoemaker, Outgoing County Chair, welcomed members of clubs from Athens, Meigs, Gallia and Washington Counties. Denise Bonecutter opened the meeting with devotions and song in memory of members who have passed this year.
Suzy Parker, OAGC first vice-president, introduced Susan Jennings who was installed as regional director at convention in July. Parker then installed their officers, Margaret Murrey as treasurer, and Sara Spurlock, secretary. They updated members on events scheduled by OAGC in 2018, including bus trips to the Philadelphia Flower Show, Falling Waters and PHipps Conservatory as well as E and J Exhibitor and judges school in April and Natur Study Retreat at Camp Koinonia in Geneva, Ohio.
Sheila Curtis, OAGC sales chair and judge presented the Outstanding Garden Club Member award to Gladys Cumings from Meigs County and superior award certificates to Meigs and Washington County garden clubs for flower show contests. Allie Clagg from Gallipolis was the winner of this year's OAGC and region 11 scholarships.
In the morning program, Briggs Shoemaker, director of Ohio Farm Bureau for Athens, Meigs, Gallia and Lawrence Counties and recipient of several OAGC state and regional scholarships, spoke about their experiences in the field of agriculture since graduating from college. They spoke of how technology is key to farming these days nad that droves are now being used for taking promotion videos and three-dimensional field mappings for custom landscaping and field scoutings.
The afternoon speaker was Babs Sabick, past president and present sales secretary of OAGC. Sabick's program was on the “Secret Story of Quilts and the Underground Railroad.” Using freedom quilt blocks in quilts they made, Sabick illustrated patterns used to relay messages to runaway slaves on safe or unsafe harbors on their trek north to Canada. Sabick incorporated floral designs to accompany the quilts displayed and spoke on the history of the 1800s.
Margaret Murrey, Susan Jennings, Suzy Parker, Briggs Shoemaker, Babs Sabick and Sara Spurlock stand from left to right. Margaret Murrey, Susan Jennings, Suzy Parker, Briggs Shoemaker, Babs Sabick and Sara Spurlock stand from left to right. Courtesy photos Babs Sabick is shown with quilt blocks Jacobs Ladder, Wagon Wheel and Monkey Wrench. Babs Sabick is shown with quilt blocks Jacobs Ladder, Wagon Wheel and Monkey Wrench. Courtesy photos
Boston Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask extended their personal point streak to an impressive 20 games Saturday night, stopping 23 shots in a 4-1 win over the Toronto Maple Leafs at TD Garden.
Rask, who helped put an end to the Maple Leafs' four-game win streak, is now 18-0-2 in their last 21 appearances and has not lost in regulation since Nov. 26.
.@tuukkarask extended their personal points streak to 20 games (18-0-2) with 23 saves - including this sprawling stick stop in the second. pic.twitter.com/ZdcMWKh9tk -- Boston Bruins (@NHLBruins) February 4, 2018
Torey Krug finished with a goal and an assist, while Patrice Bergeron, David Pastrnak and Tim Schaller also lit the lamp for the Bruins -- who improve to 31-11-8 on the season and are 16-1-4 over their last 21 games.
Bergeron opened the scoring at 4:29 in the first period, rifling the puck past Maple Leaf goalie Frederik Andersen from the slot off of a slick back pass from Danton Heinen.
That's 12 goals in their last 14 games for 3[?]7[?]. #NHLBruins pic.twitter.com/FxXXLneEOj -- Boston Bruins (@NHLBruins) February 4, 2018
The lead did not last for long, as Toronto evened the score on the power play at 8:03.
Charlie McAvoy, playing in their first game since undergoing a medical procedure to treat an abnormal heart rhythm on Jan. 22, had a bit of bad luck on the play -- as a shot from Mitch Marner bounced off Sean Kuraly's stick and then off McAvoy's stick near the blue paint before sliding into the back of the net.
Boston took the lead for good at 9:22 in the middle period while on the man advantage -- with Pastrnak flying past the Maple Leafs' skaters and beating Andersen short side with a wrister to make it a 2-1 game.
Krug added to the lead on the power play at 16:47 in the second, taking a feed from Austin Czarnik and ripping it home from the right dot to give Boston some breathing room. Boston closed out a dominant showing against an explosive Toronto squad with an empty-net goal from Schaller with 1:39 left.
The Bruins will resume play on on Tuesday, with the Black and Gold set to battle the Detroit Red Wings on the road at 7:30 p.m.
Pence Expands On Trump's Remarks To Include White Supremacists Vice President Mike Pence is on a six-day tour of South America. But even thousands of miles away, Pence had no choice but to respond to the events over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va.
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot post attachments in this forum
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia's main intelligence agency says it has foiled a plot led by two Soviet-born militants fighting for the Islamic State group in Syria.
The FSB said in a statement on Monday it arrested four people suspected of plotting a series of attacks, two of whom were supposed to blow themselves up on Moscow's transit system and in a shop. The FSB said they discovered a lab outside Moscow where improvised explosive devices were made.
The intelligence agency said the attacks were directed by two senior militants who fight on the side of IS in Syria and hail from the former Soviet Union.
The suspects arrested outside Moscow were not identified, but the FSB said one of them is a Russian national and three others are from Central Asia.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ITHACA, N.Y. — Chris Lewis scored 17 points and Harvard came from four-points down in the final minutes to pull out a 76-73 win at Cornell in an Ivy League battle Saturday night.
The Crimson, the preseason Ivy League favourite, remains a game back of unbeaten conference leader Penn.
Stone Gettings hit two free throws with 4:43 to put the Big Red up by four, 66-62, but Lewis made two free throws and Danilo Djuricic hit a 3 with 3:09 left to put Harvard in front, 67-66.
Jack Gordon got Cornell even with the first of two free throws, but Seth Towns drilled a 3 with 2:25 remaining and from there Justin Bassey, Christian Juzang and Corey Johnson each hit a pair of free throws to preserve the win.
BOSTON — It wasn't so long ago that Boston College and Virginia Tech built a rivalry — first in the Big East and then in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
With quarterbacks like Michael Vick, Matt Ryan and Tyrod Taylor, the schools played some classic thrillers and met in back-to-back ACC championship games in 2007 and '08. Since then, both programs have struggled, and only one has managed to turn things around.
Virginia Tech is ranked No. 16 in The Associated Press Top 25, falling four spots after a loss to No. 2 and defending national champion Clemson. The Hokies (4-1, 0-1 ACC) will try to bounce back against BC (2-3, 0-2), a team they beat 49-0 last year in the biggest blowout in the history of the matchup.
"You kind of find out a little bit about yourself when you have a setback, a little bit of adversity, and our kids have always responded to that situation," Virginia Tech defensive co-ordinator Bud Foster said this week. "And we're going to have to this week, because we've got a team in BC that probably feels like they have to win."
The Clemson loss left the defending Coastal Division champions looking up in the standings at four schools. The Hokies could still return to the ACC title game if they win out, but another loss could be devastating to those hopes.
"When you start getting into conference play, every game is a playoff game," Foster said. "It's always been a tough environment for us to go up there and play, and it's going to be on a Saturday night and they'll have had a full day to get ready and rock 'n' roll. So we're going to have to get ready to go play a heck of a football game."
Here are some other things to look for in Saturday night's game between BC and Virginia Tech.
READING BETWEEN THE LINES?
Steve Addazio has a 26-30 record at BC, including a 2015 season in which the Eagles failed to win a single ACC game. A signature victory over a ranked team could help them convince new athletic director Martin Jarmond to keep them around.
Addazio made a not-so-subtle case to stay this week when they turned a question about the Virginia Tech rivalry into an ode to former Hokies coach Frank Beamer.
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
"Most of the questions revolved around, 'Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and 'Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, 'Do you think we will?' and they say, 'Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start."
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week they confirmed was related to their contract status.
Now playing the final season of their rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said they hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so they took out an insurance policy to protect their future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and their desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
"My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations," said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. "I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better."
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with their challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
"Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think," Cousins said. "That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell, The Associated Press
With the World Gymnastics Championships going on this week in Montreal, it's natural for any fan to look back on Hollywood's portrayal of the sport with fond memories. Films like Stick It showed us that you can do the sport you love without sacrificing your individuality, while shows like Make It Or Break It introduced many to the importance of teamwork and friendship in gymnastics. More recent films such as Full Out and The Bronze have shown how people can come back out of retirement to the sport they love in unorthodox ways.
As enjoyable as these movies and series are, they present many common, negative stereotypes and myths about gymnastics. Whether they're about a gymnast's age or the relations between competitors, these myths are most often negative and are in desperate need of busting.
You Must Be Young To Be Good At Gymnastics
In The Bronze, we learn in the film that as the protagonist, fictional Olympic bronze-medalist Hope Greggory (played by Melissa Rauch), grew up, their coach all but forced them to retire from the sport simply because they aren't a kid anymore. Even though 16 or 17 years is typically considered to be the prime age for women's gymnastics, it would be a mistake to think that a gymnast can be successful only at that age.
Take Uzbekistan gymnast Oksana Chusovitina, for example. At the age of 42, she's competed in the past 7 Olympic Games, and has remained competitive on the international stage throughout almost all of their career, placing 7th on the vault at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
In Make It Or Break It, the girls are constantly reminded that they only have one chance to get to the Olympics, but in reality, this certainly isn't true. As we can see from the 2016 games alone, making it to multiple Olympics is actually very possible and is becoming more common in the sport.
Women's Gymnastics Is Always Catty
'Make It Or Break It' [Credit: ABC Family]
Unnecessary drama is prominently featured in both Make It Or Break It and Stick It. The former is filled with petty boy problems and dysfunctional friendships, while the latter puts tensions and grudges between different competitors on full display.
Because so many gymnastics-themed films and shows often feature catty girl drama, one would assume that the relations between different gymnasts are just as bitter and cold as the ones portrayed on the big and small screens. In reality, the world of women's gymnastics is actually very friendly, sportsmanlike and filled with camaraderie.
The gymnasts are all good friends, as can be seen when many of them came together on social media to console Romanian gymnast Larisa Iordache. They had suffered an injury during the qualifying round of the 2017 World Championships and it forced them to withdraw from the competition. Check out some of their messages here:
praying for you @Larisa_Iordache keep your head up babe
sending my love xoxo
don't ever give up girl
you're amazing & inspiring — Simone Biles (@Simone_Biles) October 4, 2017
So sad for @Larisa_Iordache hang in there. You will get through this. Sending you so much — Alexandra Raisman (@Aly_Raisman) October 4, 2017
My heart breaks for @Larisa_Iordache — Claudia Fragapane (@claudia_frag) October 4, 2017
The women all voiced their sympathies and support toward Iordache, even though they were their competition. Nobody acted as though an obstacle to victory was removed with their injury, and that shows just how much respect the gymnasts have for each other.
We actually do see hints of this friendliness between gymnasts in both Make It Or Break It and Stick It when the teammates reconcile and set aside their differences with each other, but these moments are too often overshadowed by the overbearing amount of melodrama and scandal.
Men's Gymnastics Isn't As Interesting As Women's
Sebastian Stan in 'The Bronze' [Credit: Sony Pictures]
Male gymnasts make appearances in Full Out and Make It Or Break It, but they always seem to take the backseat when compared to the women in terms of importance. In The Bronze, Hope literally tells their rival, fellow fictional Olympic medalist Lance Tucker (played by Sebastian Stan), that nobody cares about men's gymnastics.
This seems to mirror the common misconception that the men's competition isn't as interesting as the women's because it's less dramatic. However, just because the men's side of gymnastics isn't as flashy, doesn't mean that the competition isn't just as interesting as the women's competition.
The all-around final at the 2016 Olympics was an intense duel for the gold between the Ukranian gymnast Oleg Vernyayev and Kohei Uchimura of Japan that remained unpredictable until the final moments, with Uchimura ultimately being crowned the winner. Also at the 2016 games, Britain's Max Whitlock made history as the first British gymnast to ever win a gold medal at the Olympics.
The Bronze actually comments on the issue of the men getting less coverage by using Lance's jealousy of Hope to show that even though they had the more successful gymnastics career, she's still more popular. Lance's jealousy is understandable because although men's gymnastics is just as fun to watch as women's gymnastics, it seems to be often cast aside by Hollywood and the media.
While Make It Or Break It, Stick It, Full Out and The Bronze are all very entertaining products of the entertainment industry that center around gymnastics, they all employ common clichés and exaggerations about the sport that make them more dramatic, and ultimately very unrealistic. Hollywood's tendency to prioritize dramatic effect over accuracy is a problem because it can very well lead to people seeing these negative about the sport as true.
What are some other myths and stereotypes about sports you often find reproduced in Hollywood productions? Let us know in the comments below!
April 24 (UPI) -- The Vaca Muerta shale formation in Argentina has substantial growth potential remaining, Shell said Tuesday after it unloaded its downstream business.
For close to $1 billion in cash, Royal Dutch Shell said it was selling off everything from its retail service stations to its refinery in Buenos Aires to Raízen, the third largest energy company in Brazil. After the close, Shell will still have a footprint in the downstream, or refinery side, of the energy sector in Argentina.
"Raízen has already delivered significant value for us in Brazil and we will remain an important fuel supplier to Argentina under this deal," John Abbott, the director of downstream activity for Shell, said in a statement.
Downstream refers to the exploration and production side of the industry. Not included in the agreement with Raízen was Shell's stake in the Vaca Muerta shale, one of the more promising prospects in the world.
Vaca Muerta, located in Neuquén province, is considered one of the best shale basins in Latin America. All told, the basin contains about 16 million barrels of oil and 308 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.
"Shell sees substantial long-term growth potential in Argentina's shale resources," the company's statement read.
Vaca Muerta has already drawn in some of the biggest energy companies in the world. Norwegian energy company Statoil expanded its footprint in November and French supermajor Total suggested last year it had the revenue stream necessary to move forward with the development of the Vaca Muerta shale.
Shell is on pace to slim down by shedding $30 billion from its portfolio. Shell's Middle East subsidiary agreed last month to sell the entire capital in its Iraqi division to Japan's Itochu Corp. for $406 million. The deal includes Shell's 19.6 percent stake in the West Qurna 1 oil field in southern Iraq, one of the biggest in the world.
A hostel inside the North Korean embassy compound in Germany has been in operation despite a German government ban on the building's commercial lease, a news report said Thursday.
The Cityhostel Berlin, which rents part of the embassy property, was taking reservations by phone and Internet on Wednesday, according to Washington-based Radio Free Asia.
This undated photo shows a hostel operating within the North Korean Embassy in Berlin. (EPA-Yonhap)
"Yes, it is possible to make reservations. Rooms for two people are fully booked, and only available from July 4," RFA quoted a hostel employee as saying.The employee also confirmed that the hostel has been operating normally, with rooms almost fully booked in June. RFA said the hostel's website showed it was nearly fully booked through November."The German government said last month that it would close the hostel under U.N. Security Council resolution 2321, which bans the commercial use of North Korea's overseas mission buildings, but business is normal," RFA said.The resolution is one of several adopted by the Security Council to punish the North for its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. The ban aims to stop the flow of money that could be used to develop the weapons programs.The embassy, which began its rental business around 2004, is estimated to earn some 40,000 euros, or $45,000, per month, RFA added. (Yonhap)
With the NFL draft just days away, the sports team at WFAA Channel 8 came up with a neat and fun idea to include a mock first round using the top Dallas-Fort Worth high school prospects from the Class of 2019.
And with the first pick, the Cleveland Browns select ... Bishop Dunne safety Brian Williams!
New York Giants ... you're on the clock.
The Giants selected Allen receiver Theo Wease. Wease and Odell Beckham? Watch out opposing secondaries.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Wease's quarterback Grant Tisdale is also going to New York, but to the Jets. Three players from Allen went in the top 6 picks.
Aledo had three goes in the top 25 in Jeffery Carter, Wyatt Harris and Colt Ellison, and Mansfield Legacy sent two with Jalen Catalon at 17 to the Los Angeles Chargers and Enoch Jackson at 26 to the Atlanta Falcons.
Cleveland also had the No. 4 overall pick and selected Nolan Catholic defensive end and linebacker NaNa Osafo-Mensah.
The Dallas Cowboys hope they selected Dez Bryant's replacement in West Mesquite receiver Dylan Wright at No. 19.
Here is WFAA's list
1. Cleveland: S Brian Williams, Bishop Dunne
2. NY Giants: WR Theo Wease, Allen
3. NY Jets: QB Grant Tisdale, Allen
4. Cleveland: DE NaNa Osafo-Mensah, Nolan Catholic
5. Denver: CB Jeffery Carter, Aledo
6. Indianapolis: OG E.J. Ndoma-Ogar, Allen
7. Tampa Bay: S Lewis Cine, Trinity Christian Cedar Hill
8. Chicago: CB Marquez Beason, Bishop Dunne
9. San Francisco: LB Marcel Brooks, Flower Mound Marcus
10. Oakland: S Demani Richardson, Waxahachie
11. Miami: TE Austin Stogner, Plano Prestonwood
12. Buffalo: WR Trejan Bridges, Hebron
13. Washington: DT Hunter Spears, Sachse
14. Green Bay: LB Anfernee Orji, Rockwall
15. Arizona: WR Kam Brown, Colleyville Heritage
16. Baltimore: OC Branson Bragg, Crandall
17. LA Chargers: S Jalen Catalon, Mansfield Legacy
SHARE COPY LINK Stripped Aledo QB Luke Bishop to kill key 2nd Qtr Drive. Kevin Casaskcasas@star-telegram.com
18. Seattle: DE Steven Parker, South Oak Cliff
19. Dallas: WR Dylan Wright, West Mesquite
20. Detroit: RB Titus Swen, Eaton
21. Cincinnati: LB Gabriel Murphy, Bishop Lynch
22. Buffalo: QB Jacob Clark, Rockwall
23. New England: LB Wyatt Harris, Aledo
24. Carolina: WR Nnamdi Adim-Madumere, FW Southwest
25. Tennessee: DE Colt Ellison, Aledo
SHARE COPY LINK Aledo junior defensive end Colt Ellison laid out Richland quarterback Drew Trent during the first half of the 5A Division II state quarterfinals. Trent was okay and returned in the second half. Brian Gossetbgosset@star-telegram.com
26. Atlanta: DT Enoch Jackson, Mansfield Legacy
27. New Orleans: TE Baylor Cupp, Brock
28. Pittsburgh: S Jonathan McGill, Coppell
29. Jacksonville: WR La'Vontae Shenault, DeSoto
30. Minnesota: CB Donavann Collins, Cedar Hill
31. New England: CB William Jones, Mansfield Summit
32. Philadelphia: RB Qualan Jones, Trinity Christian Cedar Hill
World Cup 2018: Watch England football stars play Kabaddi in training
Premier League stars such as Kyle Walker, Jesse Lingard, Harry Kane, Jamie Vardy, and others take a break from football to play Kabaddi
England Manager Gareth Southgate overseeing a training session
What's the story?
The England National Football team is continuously training ahead of their FIFA World Cup campaign. However, manager Gareth Southgate has tried to mix things up by making the English stars play a form of Kabaddi in training.
In case you didn't know...
The Three Lions have opted to take a young side to Russia for the FIFA World Cup. Players such as Trent Alexander-Arnold and Ruben Loftus-Cheek have also made it into the squad.
England are currently drawn alongside Belgium, Tunisia, and Panama in Group G. Although many expect England to qualify for the knockout stages along with Belgium, the Three Lions will have to be extremely careful in order to avoid a repeat of 2014 World Cup.
Heart of the matter
The England squad is currently in St. Georges Park, their training base, preparing for the FIFA World Cup.
In a video shared by TV personality Nikhil Naz, the England stars can be seen playing a form of Kabaddi in their training session.
While the Indian cricket team often plays football to warm-up, the English football team is playing a form of Kabaddi during practice ahead of the FIFA World Cup pic.twitter.com/6jRCzbu9c2 — Nikhil Naz (@NikhilNaz) May 29, 2018
In the above video, Manchester United's Jesse Lingard can be seen raiding the opposition team. The defending team is made up of stars such as Kyle Walker, Raheem Sterling, and Danny Welbeck. Jamie Vardy, Harry Kane, and Phil Jones can also be seen in the video.
What's next?
The English squad will continue their preparations for the FIFA World Cup by playing friendlies against Nigeria and Costa Rica. The Three Lions will go head-to-head with the Super Eagles on June 2, before facing Costa Rica on June 8. England will be looking for some sort of closure against Costa Rica as the South American side made it to the knockout stages at the expense of England four years ago, at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
A hero police officer who prevented a school shooting in Dixon was honored in Springfield as Governor Bruce Rauner declared Wednesday as Officer Mark Dallas Day.It was a day full of honors for the man whose quick action prevented a possible tragedy at Dixon High school earlier this month."Officer Dallas' bravery and quick action prevented what could have been an unimaginable tragedy," said Governor Rauner.It was just two weeks ago that Dallas was confronted with an armed shooter at Dixon High School, where they are the school resource officer and where their son Josh was in the gym practicing for graduation."I heard several shots ring out, in my heart I knew exactly what it was," Officer Mark Dallas said. "I saw the shooter heading towards the doors of the gymnasium, it appeared they were attempting to go in, I let out some type of yell, I don't know what I said, but I yelled at the top of my lungs.""I heard several shots ring out and our strength trainer jumped into the gymnasium and and started screaming, 'Go, go go!' and I heard my dad yell, and then I knew, I knew it was the real deal," said 18-year-old Joshua Dallas, who just graduated from Dixon High School.Officer Dallas chased the suspect, Matthew Milby, outside."I have seen a long gun that I was familiar with and them running and then turning and shooting several rounds at me," said Officer Dallas."I knew my dad would protect us all, they did what they always told us they would do, and that was protected us. And I never once feared for my life. But it did scare me that they were the one going after the shooter," Joshua Dallas said.Officer Dallas returned fire, wounding Milby, who then surrendered. No one else was injured. Dallas and their family were finally reunited several hours later."We all just gave each other a big hug, and just like the 'I love yous,' and it was a great moment. We weren't hurt," Joshua Dallas said.Officer Dallas was also honored in the Senate and House for being a hometown hero."We've done all this in an effort to create a day that you won't forget, because on May 16th, you gave us a day we will never forget," said Senator Tim Bivins, R-Dixon.Officer Dallas said they know some people want to call them a hero, but they politely declined to accept that label, instead as they put it they would much rather just wear the title "Dad."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah has revealed that their Liverpool team-mates sing their chants to them in the dressing room.
Having established themselves as the Reds' best player this season, with 41 goals in 46 appearances, the Egyptian has quickly become a fan favourite.
As a result, the 25-year-old has earned themselves a few songs along the way. The most popular chant being belted out from the Anfield terraces seems to be "Salah running down the wing" to James' 1990 hit Sit Down.
In case you've forgotten the lyrics this is how they go:
(Image: PA)
(Image: COPA90/Twitter)
"Mo Salah, Mo Salah,
"Running down the wing,
"Salah la la la la la la la,
"Egyptian king."
(Image: COPA90/Twitter)
(Image: John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
On the song itself, Salah told CNN: " Every game they sing it. So nice. Even last game they have sung it.
"The players also sing it in the dressing room. It's a very nice song. Some players sing it."
MEMPHIS, Tennessee — Call it a proposal within a proposal.
Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe, a couple who met at the University of Memphis, unknowingly planned to pop the question to each other on the same day. Their mutual friend caught it on video and the footage, posted Sunday, went viral on Facebook.
The couple discussed marriage for a few months but were unsure of the proper time, McCabe said. They each purchased rings around November and kept their proposal plans a secret.
Their first date was two years ago: attending Zoo Brew at the Memphis Zoo with a group of friends. The beer sampling event went through a hiatus last year, but returned last Friday. When McCabe learned about the event's comeback, they knew it was the perfect backdrop for them proposal, they said.
“That is where we had our first date. I knew that had to be the moment,” they said.
More: Husband learns to style wife's hair in a sweet act of love
Becky McCabe proposes to Jessa Gillaspie at the Memphis Zoo on May 25, 2018. The couple, who met at the University of Memphis, unknowingly planned to pop the question to each other on the same day. Their mutual friend caught it on video.
Provided for CommercialAppeal.com
They planned the moment for three weeks with the help from their friend Erica Kessler. The two gathered the same group of friends to return to the zoo.
Kessler said they were excited for them and vowed to help McCabe through the proposal process. The plan was for McCabe to propose and for Kessler to record it. When McCabe dropped to one knee and asked “Will you marry me?”, Gillaspie began rummaging through their bag.
“We were blown away that they were gonna propose at the same time,” Kessler said. “We still cannot believe that happened.”
More: 'Superhero' four-year-old is on a mission to feed the hungry
Gillaspie describes their proposal planning process as more spontaneous. They said it was not until Friday morning when they decided the zoo was the best proposal spot.
“I grabbed the ring and said to myself, 'When the moment is right, I will feel it in my heart,'” Gillaspie said.
The proposal went better than expected, McCabe said. They were happy to share one of the happiest moments of their life — an unforeseen coincidence — with the world. The footage has been viewed millions of times.
“It's just amazing that we have made so many people smile around the world,” Gillaspie said.
More: Teacher receives incredible gift from students
The couple plans to get married a year from now after McCabe finishes their doctorate program at the University of Memphis, Gillaspie said.
“Love is good in any form as long as it's really love. I hope anybody can be as happy as I am with her,” Gillaspie said.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger. The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists.
Senator Lucy Gichuhi's defection has secured an essential upper house vote for the government.
Senator Lucy Gichuhi's defection has secured an essential upper house vote for the government.
South Australian senator Lucy Gichuhi has given the Turnbull government a handy boost ahead of parliament's return by joining the Liberal Party.
The surprise move eases the coalition's pain in the Senate, reducing the size of the crossbench and boosting its numbers to 30.
The Kenyan-born crossbencher, who was catapulted into federal parliament to replace disqualified Family First senator Bob Day, hit the streets with senior South Australian Liberal Simon Birmingham on Saturday.
Senator Gichuhi said learning from Liberal politicians over the past nine months had convinced them to join the party.
"For me, this is an opportunity to learn how to serve South Australia," they told reporters in Adelaide.
"I have been a student - I mean literally, a student - learning from parliamentarians because as you may all know I'm not coming from a political background."
Senator Gichuhi said Liberal Party values closely aligned with their own core beliefs.
Senator Birmingham said their party's new recruit would help the Liberals connect with communities from a broad diversity of views and backgrounds.
"This is a wonderful testament to the fact that we have, over the last year, worked co-operatively with Lucy in the Senate and here in South Australia to build a strong relationship," they said.
"I am confident that in Canberra Lucy will be a strong advocate for South Australia and for Liberal values, and that here in South Australia, Lucy will continue to be a hard-working senator."
The government will now require the votes of nine of 11 crossbenchers to pass legislation opposed by Labor and the Greens, rather than 10 of 12.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is ecstatic about the surprise manoeuvre, which comes days before parliament's first sitting day for the year on Monday.
"She is a true Australian success story and we are honoured that they have chosen to join the Liberal Party," Mr Turnbull said.
"Lucy's values are fundamentally Liberal values; freedom of choice, conscience, thought and belief, a fair go, mutual obligation and contributing to society."
Senator Gichuhi took Bob Day's seat following a vote recount after they were ruled ineligible to stand for election.
They then quit Family First after it merged with the Australian Conservatives.
Them defection is another boost for Mr Turnbull after the resignation of Labor MP David Feeney who was unable to prove they were no longer a British citizen.
The Greens are a big chance to win the by-election in Mr Feeney's Melbourne seat of Batman, which would give the government some breathing space in the lower house where it currently holds a one-seat majority.
Covered only in clay, Kim teased their new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
Covered only in clay, Kim teased their new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
KIM Kardashian has done it again.
The reality TV star turned beauty mogul has posted a number of nude photos on Instagram, pushing the limits of Instagram's nudity guidelines.
They first posted a topless picture, where only their arm is covering their bust and their face is out of the shot.
Kim knows exactly how to get people talking. Picture: Instagram
They followed this with what may be their most X-rated self-promotional shot ever.
The photo is of Kim's torso and lower-body, sans underwear or literally anything else. They leaf very little to the imagination - but then again, they wouldn't be the Kim we love if they did.
Kim Kardashian posted some of their most racy photos ever this week — to help sell their new perfume. Picture: Instagram
It's all to promote their new fragrance, KKW Body, which drops on April 30.
Teasing the perfume's release with a final photo of their naked body covered in clay, they wrote, "We took a mould of my body and made it a perfume bottle."
Speaking to Business of Fashion about the fragrance, Kardashian said: "The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body,
"It's really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a colour and something that's just luminous."
A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian)
But the photos have some fans upset, with many commenting that they have taken it too far this time.
One Instagram user commented, "This is not okay!"
Another wrote: "I love them but this is [too] much! There is no need to expose everything like that honestly."
Still, whether you love them or hate you, you have to admire their commitment to brand consistency!
SEATTLE — The Los Angeles Angels activated two-way sensation Shohei Ohtani from the 10-day disabled list Tuesday and used them as the designated hitter in their game against the Seattle Mariners.
Ohtani and their injured right elbow are only cleared to hit for now, but Los Angeles said they will be re-evaluated as a pitcher in three weeks.
Ohtani received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection to help heal the Grade 2 sprain of their ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago. Ohtani was cleared for a hitting program Friday and took part in two simulated games against minor league pitchers over the weekend.
"We're going to see how many looks we can give them as a (designated hitter) and hopefully he'll give us a lift there," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said.
Ohtani went 0 for 4 in Los Angeles' 4-1 loss to the Mariners.
Scioscia said there's no plan in terms of Ohtani's usage, and they'll monitor it daily.
"He's been cleared to swing and we will see how it all goes down," Scioscia said. "I check with my players all the time to make sure nothing is bothering them, but we don't anticipate anything as far as them swinging the bat."
Ohtani is hitting .280 with an .878 OPS and six homers in 118 at-bats in their rookie season. They batted sixth on Tuesday.
"I think it's a good spot for him," Scioscia said. "When you're talking about Mike (Trout), Albert (Pujols), Justin (Upton) and (Andrelton) Simmons, hitting sixth behind those guys will hopefully be a good spot for them to hit, but also just trying to get them acclimated. We don't want them to say, 'I have to do so much,' if he's hitting higher in the lineup."
Scioscia emphasized that Ohtani was not being rushed back into the lineup.
The hotel ballroom erupted with cheers of "Andrew, Andrew" when they defeated Watts.
They won with just over 53 per cent support after the final round of vote counting, while Watts had just under 47 per cent. Watts led the contest after four rounds of voting.
Watts indicated they want to play a role in B.C. politics in the future.
"I'm not going anywhere," they said. "I've committed myself to being part of the party."
Barinder Rasode, a two-term Surrey councillor and former mayoral candidate, said Wilkinson will bring the Liberals back from their low point following last year's election.
"Andrew Wilkinson has the support of all the caucus," they said. "He's well qualified. I couldn't have hoped for better."
New Democrat Ravi Kahlon congratulated Wilkinson on behalf of the governing party.
"Right now, the stakes couldn't be higher for British Columbians. People are counting on us to make life more affordable, protect the services they count on and keep investing in a sustainable economy," Kahlon said in a statement.
"We look forward to working with you on legislation that works for all the people of this great province."
Green party Leader Andrew Weaver also congratulated Wilkinson. The two men have engaged in testy debates in the legislature.
Former transportation minister Todd Stone, one-time finance minister Mike de Jong and Liberal caucus members Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee were eliminated from the leadership contest earlier in the evening.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government last summer with support from the Greens.
The Liberals used a preferential ballot that allowed its members to rank the candidates, and points were awarded based on their support.
The B.C. Liberal party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as "a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition" that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May was the main focus of the leadership campaign.
There was finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
Wilkinson ran their campaign on four priorities: security, opportunity, prosperity and sustainability.
Their promises included selling government-owned liquor stores, establishing a junior kindergarten pilot program, improving skills training for Indigenous youth, providing tax incentives to increase the supply of rental housing and taking regulatory steps that would allow municipalities to increase the supply of new housing.
Watts, who is a former mayor of Surrey, was the only candidate who was not part of the Liberal caucus in the legislature. They resigned their House of Commons seat to seek the party's leadership.
Wilkinson, Stone and de Jong were longtime members of Clark's cabinet. Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to Clark's cabinet in their government's final weeks in power.
By Dirk Meissner and Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Organizers are putting the final touches on plans for the hosting of the Festival of Lights in the city of Castries on the evening of December 12.
Apart from the national observance, the Minister for Culture Senator Fortuna Belrose reveals that similar festivities will also be hosted at the local-level.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Robertson celebrated seeing the access zone boundary sign posted outside the Ottawa clinic. They said the zones are "absolutely" needed to stop people from being harassed and judged by protesters when it's already a difficult situation.
"It's cruel, and there's no need to be cruel," said Robertson, who has also stood outside Freeport hospital in Kitchener in solidarity with patients seeking abortion services there.
When asked why they seemed to be targeted in Ottawa, Robertson had a hunch. "Because I had big signs," they said. They included a pro-choice message and "I do not regret my abortion."
They said police responded when they reported each instance of graffiti to hotel management.
Cost. Chuck Benoit, spokesperson for the Ottawa Police Service, said they couldn't confirm reports unless charges are laid.
Benoit was at the demonstrations on Thursday and said they went smoothly, with both groups abiding by the rules.
"There were no confrontations," Benoit said.
Robertson said they had a good discussion with a man on the other side of the issue, and they aren't there to protest or upset anyone.
"We were there to support anyone accessing the clinic," Robertson said.
Under the act, other facilities that offer abortion services, such as hospitals, health offices or pharmacies, can request safe access zones of up to 150 metres.
Grand River Hospital does not plan to apply for a safe zone outside its Freeport campus.
"At this point, we haven't seen a need to make a change," said Grand River spokesperson Mark Karjaluoto.
They said the hospital's main concern is maintaining access and generally protesters gather across the road from the hospital. Freeport's property extends a fair distance beyond the building and then there's King Street East out front.
"There's a bit of a geographic barrier there," Karjaluoto said.
Lyndsey Butcher, executive director of the SHORE Centre, is hopeful the hospital will reconsider.
"We will continue to have discussions with Freeport about the impact those protesters do have," said Butcher, adding that it can also be a trigger for staff and patients going there for other procedures.
Before SHORE sends patients to Freeport, they're prepared about what they may encounter outside.
"It creates a lot of anxiety," Butcher said. "There's no other health care procedure where someone would protest your decision."
They applied for a safe access zone outside SHORE's downtown Kitchener office first thing on Thursday morning. The centre recently began offering the abortion pill and anticipates that will attract protesters once it becomes widely known.
"We appreciate the safety patients feel when they come to our space," Butcher said. "We don't want anything to happen that would change that experience for our patients."
Butcher said they warned Robertson before going to Ottawa that anti-abortion activists there can be intense, but still they were stunned by what happened.
"I couldn't believe it. I was shocked. We think we've come so far as a country," Butcher said.
However, they added that similar scare tactics are not unheard of in this region. Butcher said a person who attended the 40 Days for Life rally held at Freeport discovered similar messages painted all over their vehicle parked outside their home.
"We know that we have elements of extremism locally," Butcher said.
jweidner@therecord.com , Twitter: @WeidnerRecord
Former headteacher Christine Wright on The Great British Skinny Dip
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A naturism-loving headteacher has hit back at claims they were forced out of their job after being 'outed' for stripping naked by a 'busybody'.
The star of last night's Channel 4 TV show The Great British Skinny Dip, Christine Wright, 60, was reported to have refused to give up their love of the hobby - and had 'chosen naturism over teaching'.
It was claimed in The Sun their career was 'ruined' and in the MailOnline they were 'forced to take early retirement' as a result.
In the programme - which covered the antics of a group called the British Naturists who told MirrorOnline today they did not have editorial control - Ms. Wright explained someone revealed the news to their bosses to “hurt her”.
On the show they said: “It's not something I ever spoke about at work but some busybody outed me.
“They rang up my employers and told them I was a naturist... to hurt me.
"It ended up with me taking early retirement. I'm not going to deny who I am.”
(Photo: Channel 4)
Media reports subsequently claimed that Ms. Wright had claimed their career was ended early after they were outed as a naturist.
But proud naturist Ms. Wright told MirrorOnline today: "I was NEVER disciplined, sacked, fired or anything else as a result of the busybody calling my employers.
"I simply experienced a lot of prejudice, which of course has its effect on ones' health.
"I was eventually granted early retirement on the grounds of ill health.
"I am not keen to talk about this as it is long in the past and irrelevant."
(Photo: Channel 4)
In the programme, Ms. Wright defended their passion for naturism, saying that many people have the wrong idea about it – with some even wrongly believing it has links to paedophiles.
They added: “All my life I've kept my private life, private – because most teachers do.
"You can come under suspicion if they know you take your clothes off in your private life.
"There are people who think that because I'm a naturist I must be a paedophile.”
Ms. Wright - who now spends their spare time helping the British Naturism campaign recruit new members after numbers fell from 1,000 to just 400 - further clarified those comments to MirrorOnline.
(Photo: CJB IMAGES.)
They said today: "I was simply pointing out in the documentary that Naturists DO sometimes experience prejudice and that we are in some ways where the LGBT community was 20 years ago.
"I now work for BN (British Naturists) as a Manager of the Legal and Campaigns groups.
"Among my duties have been intervention in situations where other naturists who work with children have experienced prejudice.
"So far I have succeeded every time I have intervened."
The documentary follows the attempts by British Naturism to attract people to public skinny dips held across the UK last September - and how they try to challenge misconceptions about the community.
Twitter Reacts to SmackDown Live (29th May 2018)
Twitter lit up after SmackDown Live
Anirban Banerjee ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 12:33 IST 824 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Daniel Bryan put pressure on the knee of Big Cass
This week's episode of SmackDown Live saw a couple of excellent matches, with the likes of Daniel Bryan, Big Cass and Samoa Joe main-eventing the night in a Triple Threat to qualify for the final spot in the Money in the Bank Ladder Match, Tye Dillinger facing Shinsuke Nakamura, a dance-off between Lana and Naomi, and The Bar and The Miz taking on the New Day in what might have been the match of the night.
Several fans and stars took to Twitter afterwards to talk about the show and express their opinions. Here are some of the best tweets.
Really enjoyed that opening segment. Joe's promo, Bryan's no BS threat, Big Cass' big bluff. Don't even mind that they've put Joe vs Bryan on ice. Great way to bring Cass back #SDLive — John-Luke (@JohnLuke_PW) May 30, 2018
The Future of #SDLive doesn't have friends. They have money. power. fame.. but most importantly, he's got ME to keep them focused and away from distractions and NOBODYS. Smackdown Live and the #WWEUniverse has no idea what's about to hit them. HARD.https://t.co/tBWPXIRbzx — Zelina Vega (@Zelina_VegaWWE) May 30, 2018
If we are going by the way Xaiver and Big E put over Kofi on a regular basis, I am pretty sure they would absolutely send Kofi into the MITB Ladder match. @WWE #SDLive — Mike Churneftsky (@churnsawesome94) May 30, 2018
I'm going to need an animated GIF of The Miz training blindfolded, dodging pancakes being thrown at them by The Bar.#SDLive @WrestlingInc — Glenn Rubenstein (@GlennRubenstein) May 30, 2018
What a fun match. Just thinking about a Big E v Cesaro singles feud makes you wanna email WWE headquarters a 32 page essay on how much you need it. #SDLive — Rachereen Dream. (@WWERDream) May 30, 2018
If we let @WWE_MandyRose beat @WWEAsuka we're gonna need to put Road Dogg into witness protection #SDLive — WWE Creative Humor (@WWECreative_ish) May 30, 2018
Would be neat to have Ronda as RAW women's champ and Asuka as SD's have a champion v champion match at Summerslam. Not for the titles just to see who's the current badass in the company. #SDLive — Rachereen Dream. (@WWERDream) May 30, 2018
pretty fantastic to have shinsuke face tye now that nakamura is counting to ten all the time.
yearning for the day that tye is actually in a last man standing match#SDLive pic.twitter.com/fAH4u2Nlbe — Pro Wrestling Sheet (@WrestlingSheet) May 30, 2018
At least Tye Dillinger is back on #SDLive. I'm happy about that. Maximizing those minutes. #WWE — Scott Fishman (@smFISHMAN) May 30, 2018
Nakamura should wear a cape and become That Counting guy from that popular kids show. #SDLive pic.twitter.com/CCUpZxmJtE — Drunk Wrestling (@DrunkUncleDean) May 30, 2018
Yet another awkward transition from Big Cass to Carmella, not the first time it's happened on #SDLive since they broke up. 🤔 — Jeremy Bennett ❄️ (@JBHuskers) May 30, 2018
Big Cass has potentially ruined a main event that we all wanted to see tonight! Dammit!!! #SDLive — PWP Nation (@PWPNation) May 30, 2018
Changing the main event from Daniel Bryan vs. Samoa Joe to Daniel Bryan vs. Samoa Joe vs. Big Cass is like being promised a new TV for Christmas and getting socks with TVs on them. #WWE #SDLive — Scott Fishman (@smFISHMAN) May 30, 2018
What just happened? I feel like big Cass music hit and we entered an alternate universe where everything sucks #SDLive — Diva Incarnate (@WWEDemonDiva) May 30, 2018
Can we just talk about how rad it is that we're watching Samoa Joe and Daniel Bryan cut promos on each other in 2018 on #SDLive?
I love it. — Ryan Satin (@ryansatin) May 30, 2018
Samoa Joe is the best thing on #SDLive right now. Simple as that. #WWE — Scott Fishman (@smFISHMAN) May 30, 2018
Fans: "OMG WE GETTING SAMOA JOE VS DANIEL BRYAN"
Paige: #SDLive pic.twitter.com/wdv9h2h3fN — RUSEV IN THE BANK (@DayofRusev) May 30, 2018
Popular crime drama Broadchurch will be returning to TV screens on February 27, one of its stars has confirmed.
Actor and writer Charlie Higson wrote on Twitter: "So it looks like the new series of #broadchurch starts on the 27th."
The crime drama with the beautiful scenery
They joked: "But don't bother with the 1st ep as I'm not in it."
Jekyll And Hyde creator Higson has joined the cast for the third and final series of the hit ITV programme, which will see David Tennant and Olivia Colman reprise their roles as DI Alec Hardy and DS Ellie Miller.
Former Coronation Street actor Julie Hesmondalgh and Sarah Parish, known for appearing in Cutting It and Doctor Who, have also joined the series.
Jodie Whittaker and Andrew Buchan are returning as Beth and Mark Latimer, the parents of strangled schoolboy Danny, whose murder investigation captured the nation's attention when Broadchurch began in 2013.
Remy Ma is pregnant.
The 38-year-old rapper celebrated 10 years of marriage with husband Papoose - whose real name is Shamele Mackie - by renewing their vows over the weekend and revealed on Instagram that it was a double celebration as they are also expecting their first child together.
In a video shared on Instagram, they said: "Although we told you guys that we were renewing our vows, which we are, we also wanted y'all out here when we told you guys..."
40-year-old rapper Papoose, who has three kids from a past relationship, continued: "We're having a baby" while rubbing Remy's stomach.
Remy, wearing a stunning pink and white lace embellished gown, wrote alongside the post: "Oh yea...& then this happened" with a winky face emoji.
The American artist - whose real name is Reminisce Mackie - is 16 weeks pregnant and due in December, but explained she'd been trying to conceive for some time.
They posted: "been eating right, working out, and preparing for this for almost a year. We are so happy; thank you to everyone that prayed for us and sent blessings our way.(sic)"
The 'Wake Me Up' hitmaker had a difficult first trimester with morning sickness but she's now feeling better.
They continued: "been super sick, lost an extra 7 pounds but I'm soooo much better now.
"And a special thank you to everyone who helped me pull this day together in 72hours" (sic)
The govt will spend Rs34,000 crore in 2018-19 for the education schemes clubbed under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan. Photo: HT
New Delhi:States will be financially rewarded for improving their school education system from the current financial year, according to Union government plans.
The ministry will kick-start the performance-based funding for key education schemes—from primary to senior secondary level—with the newly launched Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, which clubs key schemes such as Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan and teacher training.
“We are giving a lot of freedom to states through this new scheme. We want to see better outcomes and some areas like teacher deployment need reform” for an improvement in outcome, said human resource development (HRD) minister Prakash Javadekar.
Of the total funding that the central government provides to states for key school schemes, between 15% and 20% will be performance based and decided on the basis of measures such as teaching-learning outcome and rationalization in teacher deployment.
This will work as an incentive to push states to perform better, according to officials in the HRD ministry.
“While overall, Indian schools have enough teachers, because of lack of rationalization in deployment, we talk about a 30-40% vacancy or absenteeism. We have told states that instead of concentrating teachers in cities they should deploy them where there is vacancy. One may call it a push towards rural posting but actually teacher deployment is a big issue and it needs quick rationalization,” said a senior official in the ministry, on condition of anonymity.
The overall teacher-student ratio is 1:27 against a target of 1:30 under the Right to Education Act, said the official quoted above. “That's why we are pushing states to take more money but rationalize teacher deployment,” they said.
The central government will spend Rs34,000 crore in 2018-19 for the education schemes clubbed under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, Javadekar said. The outlay will rise to Rs41,000 crore next year, they said.
The additional expenditure planned for next year will give the centre greater scope to offer more funding to states who show better outcomes.
The quality of school education has been a constant problem for India and several studies over the years have shown that school students are not learning the basics, which in turn is affecting the country's human resource competitiveness.
The performance of state-run Kendriya Vidyalayas (central schools) and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas (JNVs) is far better than any category of private schools, said the ministry official quoted above. “Going by that experience, other government schools run by states or municipalities can be improved, provided there is a concerted effort,” the official added.
BCCI to give 100% pay hike to umpires, scorers, referees and video analysts for new domestic season
The BCCI is set to increase the fee of all the umpires, match referees, scorers and video analysts ahead of the 2018 domestic season
The BCCI is set to increase the fee of all the umpires, match referees, scorers and video analysts ahead of the 2018 domestic season. After some discussions and based on the BCCI's General Manager for cricket operations, Saba Karim's recommendation, the COA approved the proposed increase in the match fees and daily allowances for the umpires, scores match referees and video analysts.
When Sportskeeda contacted Saba Karim, they confirmed the development and said that this rise has been given as a token of appreciation for their work. "I felt that the umpires, match referees, scorers and the video analysts, all have been the backbone of the domestic matches in our country and it is high time that they are acknowledged for their efforts," they told Sportskeeda.
It has been confirmed that the top-20 umpires will be getting their fee raised from 20,000 INR to 40,000 INR per day for all the FC matches while the rest will get 30,000 INR, which is 15,000 INR from the previous cycle.
For the T20 matches, the top-20 will get 20,000 INR while the rest will get 15,000 INR, which is a hike from the previous in which they were getting 10,000 INR and 7,500 INR respectively. Under the new cycle, the umpires will get a daily allowance of 1,500 INR for outstation matches while they will get 1,000 INR for all the local matches.
Not only the umpires but also the match referees, scorers, and the video analysts will have their match fee doubled from the upcoming season.
New pay structure:
UMPIRES (approx. 105 umpires:
Existing: Match fees (Other than T20s): Rs 20,000/day (for top 20 umpires)and Rs 10,000 (for remaining).
T20s: Rs 10,000/match (for top 20) and Rs 7500/match for the rest.
Daily allowance Rs 750/day (outstation) and Rs 500.day (local).
Revised:
(Other than T20s): Rs 40,000/day for top-20 umpires and Rs 30,000/day for the rest.
For T20s: Rs 20,000/match for top 20 umpires and Rs 15,000/match for rest.
Daily allowance: Rs 1500/day for outstation and Rs 1000 for local (per day)
REFEREES (58 match referees):
Existing: Match fees other than T20s: Rs 15000/day.
Match fees (T20s): Rs 7500/match.
Daily allowance: Rs 750/day (outstation) and Rs 500/day (local).
Revised: Other than T20s match fees: Rs 30,000/day.
T20s: Rs 15,000/match.
Daily allowance: Rs 1500/day (outstation) and Rs 1000/day (local).
SCORERS (153 scorers):
Existing: Other than T20 matches: Rs 5000/day.
T20 matches: Rs 2,500/match.
Daily allowance Rs 750/day (outstation) and Rs 500/day (local).
Revised:
Other than T20s: Rs 10,000/day.
T20s: Rs 5000/match.
Daily allowance: Rs 1500/day (outstation) and Rs 1000/day (local)
VIDEO ANALYSTS (129 senior analysts and 56 assistant video analysts):
Existing: Other than T20 matches: Rs 7500/day (for seniors) and Rs 3000/day for assistant VAs.
T20 matches: Rs 3750/match (senior VAs) and Rs 5000/day (for assistant VAs)
Daily allowance: Rs 1500/day (outstation) and Rs 1000/day (local)
Revised: Other than T20s: Rs 15,000/day (for senior video analysts) and Rs 10000/day (for assistant video analysts)
T20s: Rs 7500/match (senior VAs) and Rs 5000/day (Assitant VAs)
Daily allowance: Rs 1500/day (outstation) and Rs 1000/day (local)
Revised numbers from bcci.tv
'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airports Relatives Are Terrorists
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gareth Fuller - PA Images/PA Images via Getty Images Gareth Fuller - PA Images/PA Images via Getty Images
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took their resentment to new heights when they made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming their father and brother were terrorists, according their own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of their father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told they were not welcome at a family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016 to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved, before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oregon in a statement. They added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. Attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release.  They are awaiting sentencing on May 10.
TV personality Tyler Rasch talks to audience on the street in JTBC's “Talking Street.” (JTBC)
TV personality Kwak Jung-eun talks to audience on the street in JTBC's “Talking Street.” (JTBC)
Korean variety programs seem set to steer away from rowdy physical games and loud laughs this year.Featuring celebrities conversing with strangers on the street, preparing food for one, or even imagining an imminent death and reflecting on life, TV shows that are calmer and more introspective will occupy a greater presence on the small screen in 2017.The JTBC program “Talking Street” has been spotlighting both famous and lesser-known figures from various areas, including celebrities, politicians, artists and businesspeople, who engage in frank conversation with a small group of people on the streets of Seoul.Rubbing shoulders with passers-by outdoors, the featured speakers share memorable experiences or speak about the principles they live by. Some seek to offer criticism on Korean society.Wednesday's upcoming episode will star a varied bunch -- Kim Yoon-ah, rock band Jaurim's vocalist, who released their eighth album “The Pain of Others” last month; Ghanaian television personality Sam Okyere, who will talk about the discrimination and stereotypes they have faced in the world of Korean entertainment; and Mayor Lee Jae-myung of Seongnam, who is gaining attention as a strong potential contender in the presidential race this year.Lee -- often referred to as Korea's Bernie Sanders -- will continue their outspoken denouncement of Korea's elitism and crony capitalism on the show, according to JTBC. Lee will primarily be talking to passers-by about “how to escape the hardship of living in modern Korea,” the cable network said.The show's producer Jung Hyo-min said they try to pay close attention to what stories their audience -- both the live audience in the street and TV viewers -- are interested in hearing. “It's open to anybody with a story to tell,” they said. Viewers can recommend speakers on the show's website.“In most lectures, people can't leave even if the content gets boring,” said Jung. “But in busking performances, you can get up to leave or even request songs you want. This is what (the show) is like.”In cable network tvN's “My Last 48 Hours,” celebrities imagine they only have two days left on earth, reflect on the hours they have lived and simulate wrapping up their lives. Some choose to spend time with loved ones, while others repair broken relationships.“In my 20s, I lived as many different characters. I was surrounded by people but always felt empty,” said actor Park Ha-sun, 29, who starred in Wednesday's episode. They visited their old middle school, meeting with old teachers and reminiscing about their school years.According to producer Jeon Sang-ho, people are contemplating on how to “die well” as Korea transitions into an aging society.“I believe we're living in an age where we're thinking about death more actively,” Jeon told reporters at a November press conference for their show. “Death can be a natural way to look back on the joys of life. It shouldn't be a taboo.”“Raid the Convenience Store” is a new show arriving amid the rise in the number of those living alone in Korea and the proliferation of convenience stores' private brand products that target these consumers. It is set to begin airing on Jan. 13 on cable channel tvN.On the show, the featured celebrities will pair different food items found at convenience stores to create unique, tasty new dishes that require minimum effort.The show is a twist on the cooking shows that have been dominating the Korean variety show genre for several years. The cast -- featuring K-pop singers Yoon Doo-joon and Wendy, rapper DinDin, comedian Lee Soo-geun and others -- will have to whip up dishes using only ingredients found in convenient stores.“Modern city people are always running short on time, but at the same time, they're looking for enjoyment through snacks and meals,” said producer Lee Yoon-ho. “The show will be offering both tasty and convenient new food.”By Rumy Doo (doo@heraldcorp.com)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some people think golf is boring.
After a violent encounter with an apoplectic bird, however, one golfer would probably ask you to think twice before dismissing their sport.
The unlucky casualty was 16-year-old Isaac Couling, who was attacked by not one - but TWO geese during a tournament at Wolf Creek Golf Course, Michigan, on Saturday.
Not only did Isaac have to deal with their feathered, hissing wrath - but they had to deal with it alone.
Because no one came to young Isaac's aid.
Despite the high school later saying only Isaac's pride had been wounded, the teen told Detroit News : "Yeah, but no one came to help.
(Image: Devon Pitts)
"All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there. It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it.'
"The golfers just finished teeing off and were walking down the fairway."
The now-iconic images were captured by parent Devon Pitts and Blissfield Athletics Twitter account gave a blow-by-blow account of the action.
"To the left there was a goose nest and the golfers did a good job of avoiding it but the guard goose (hanging out on the far right) thought differently.
(Image: Devon Pitts)
"The goose come from behind them and caught them off guard. They were keeping an eye on another goose at the time.
"He stood up after the 2nd picture and tripped trying to run away resulting in the 3rd picture," it wrote."
Needless to say, social media users enjoyed poking fun at Isaac's plight.
"Body slammed by a goose. Hahaha" one sympathetic soul wrote.
AR Rahman has almost never been in the news for purchasing big cars or expensive watches. But don't let that fool you into believing that the Maestro doesn't indulge. Every once in a while, AR Rahman will splurge on something so expensive that it will outdo all other celebs and their toys. The difference, of course, is Rahman likes to keep it quiet. Turns out that the Mozart of Madras recently got themselves a custom-made computer that would put the best of the machines in the market to shame. Rahman's new toy has been made by one Shatul Durlabhji. Shatul and their partner, Sharan, have been in the custom-made computer business for some years now and they specialize in overclocking PCs to fit client requirements. So much so that people in the music and gaming industry often turn to them for custom-made computers. Shatul, in fact, was recently in the news for collaborating with Asus to create the country's fastest gaming computer (it can devour Witcher 3 and CoD: Advanced Warfare for breakfast and still have space for more). The music director duo Vishal-Shekhar and the gaming company, ESL are among Shatul's clients.
Like most people in the industry, Rahman was using an imported MacPro but couldn't shake off the feeling that it just wasn't enough. So they approached Shatul and co and asked them to make a machine that would fit their requirements. “Rahman uses some really high-end audio processing pieces of software that demand faster processors and performance that a regular off-the-shelf machine wouldn't deliver,” Shatul told GQ. And so they built them this:
Here's what AR Rahman's ridiculously expensive supercomputer boasts of:
Speed: The PC runs at a mind-boggling 4.3 GHz – faster than most top of the shelf market PCs which run at 3 GHz. It boasts of a total eight cores – ridiculously overclocked. As for RAM, it's got a total of 120 GB (Yes, we're talking about RAM and not hard-disk space)
Memory: 6 x 1 TB SSDs = 6 TBs in total (plus additional connectivity for more)
Chipset: Intel Core i7 5960 (Again, overclocked to 4.3 GHz)
Cooling and noise control: CoolerMaster custom water-cooling, plus Custom Noise Control restraining noise at 6,000 RPM to 35 decibels.
Connectivity: Dedicated Thunderbolt setup with six ports (a single Thunderbolt port can support two devices, meaning this monster can simultaneously connect up to 12 devices)
Benchmark: Putting it to test against the top-of-the-line Mac Pro.
MacPro: 32,000 with 12 cores; AR Rahman's supercomputer: 44,000 with just 10 cores (performance boost of about 30-40 per cent)
So what does this monster of a supercomputer cost?
The basic system will set you back by Rs 5 lakh. Add to that the cooling systems and noice control that will cost you a cool lakh or two more. So if you're looking to buy a computer like AR Rahman, ensure you have Rs 6-7 lakh set aside for nothing but this.
As for Rahman, going by their Facebook feed, it seems to us that the maestro may have just found a better use for their trusty Mac:
> More in Gadgets
Up Next: Behind the Scenes of Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
CCTV has been released of the armed masked men who got away with hundreds of pounds in cash during a terrifying raid at a coffee shop in Peterborough.
The raid happened at Starbucks at the Orton Centre in Peterborough at about 10.15pm last night (Tuesday).
CCTV from the knifepoint robbery at Starbucks
The robbery happened as the drive-thru store was closing for the night.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said: "Three men armed with a hammer, knife and baseball bat demanded money from the two female members of staff. They made off with approximately £530 in cash. They were wearing bandannas over their faces and black hooded jumpers."
Anyone with information is asked to call Cambridgeshire police on 101, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
With St. Patrick's Day on a Saturday this year, local bars and pubs were crowded. We now know how many people were apprehended by law enforcement after not planning a sober ride home.
The Olmsted County Sheriff's Office says that between Friday and Sunday, five people were arrested for DUI.
Two drivers were also sited for minor consumption after committing a motor violation.
Meanwhile, the Minnesota State Patrol says troopers arrested 370 motorists state-wide driving under the influence. That's a big jump from last year when troopers made 175 DWI arrests.
© REUTERS/ Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
The Justice Ministry of Israel is reportedly working on a draft amendment to the Basic law, according to Israeli Channel 2 TV broadcaster.If adopted, the initiative would enable the prime minister to declare war or get approval for military operations without the approval of all members of the Security Cabinet, a special body within the Israeli Cabinet designed to outline defense policies.According to Channel2, the bill aims to give the full cabinet the power to authorize the Security Cabinet to make war-related decisions even if not all members of the security cabinet are present. The initiative also means that the full cabinet would not need to be briefed on the Security Cabinet's decisions.The Israeli TV channel cites the fear of security leaks as the motive behind the Justice Ministry's and Prime Minister Netanyahu's efforts.The Knesset, Israel's legislative body, could reportedly vote on the draft amendment in October.The news has so far not been officially refuted or confirmed by the Prime Minister's Office.
Walmart remains in pole position to buy a majority stake in Flipkart, but Amazon may still end up pipping it by offering a higher price. Photo: Reuters
Bengaluru: Even as Walmart Inc. inches closer to a deal to buy a majority stake in Flipkart, the board of India's largest online retailer will keep Amazon as an alternative suitor in case the proposed sale to Walmart falls through, two people familiar with the matter said.
Flipkart's key shareholders, Tiger Global Management, SoftBank Group and others, are keen to continue negotiations with Amazon until a deal is finalized either with Walmart or Amazon, the people said on condition of anonymity.
Though Walmart remains in pole position to buy a majority stake in Flipkart, Amazon may still end up pipping it by offering a higher price, the people said.
A deal between Walmart and Flipkart is more likely because a potential alliance between Amazon and Flipkart would almost certainly attract the attention of India's anti-trust regulator.
Walmart is in advanced talks to buy more than 55% of Flipkart through a mix of primary and secondary share purchases. While the primary transaction is estimated to value Flipkart at $20-21 billion, the secondary share deal could happen at a price that is 20-25% lower, the people said.
Tiger Global, Naspers, Accel Partners, IDG Ventures and others are expected to sell much or all of their holdings in Flipkart, they said.
SoftBank, Flipkart's largest investor, is also expected to offload some of its stake, the people added. SoftBank invested more than $2.5 billion in Flipkart last year.
The terms of the deal between Walmart and Flipkart haven't been finalized.
Flipkart and Walmart declined to comment. “We do not have any comments to offer on these speculations and rumors,” an Amazon spokesperson said in an email.
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. — A video of a Kentucky man using Walmart's intercom system to ask for help has gone viral.
Forrest Hunter posted the video to Facebook on Friday and it already has 39,000 shares and 1.9 million views as of Tuesday afternoon.
The video, captioned “When you get sick of waiting on somebody at Walmart,” shows Hunter in the sporting goods section of the store. They pick up the store telephone and uses the intercom.
“Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please. I'm the customer,” they said.
Hunter told WKYT a Walmart associate came over to help them afterward and was a little embarrassed. They said they didn't get in any trouble for using the intercom.
THE actions of an Esk teenager who attempted to have sex with a dog were described to an Ipswich court as "spontaneous and opportunistic rather than predatory".
Their attempt to interfere with the dog in March 2015 was experimentation rather than cruelty, according to Crown prosecutor Amanda Robinson.
The 19-year-old did not physically harm the dog.
Judge Alexander Horneman-Wren requested the facts of the offending not be read into the record in sentencing at Ipswich District Court this morning.
Ms Robinson said the teen made admissions to police when they were arrested and "recognised the wrongfulness of their conduct".
They said the offending was likely to bring about public humiliation.
Defence lawyer Julian Noud said the accused was psychologically distressed and disturbed and was likely impaired at the time of the offence.
Judge Horneman-Wren said the offending did not reflect their true character.
"You had many distressing family insults that resulted in a number of unfortunate events and one particular tragedy was used in quite a horrible way by your peers to bully you which might provide some context about how this matter came about," they said.
"You were the subject of quite horrible harassment."
They pleaded guilty to one count of attempted bestiality and was sentenced to two years probation with no conviction recorded.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
TORONTO -- Hanley Ramirez stood out among the Air Canada Centre crowd last night, wearing a Boston Bruins sweater to Game 6.
Abby Murphy, senior manager of media relations, went shopping here in Toronto and found it for them at the first store they visited.
"Abby knows me," Ramirez said. "She knows how I am. If I go to the Celtics game, I want to wear a jersey. Or wherever I go. So they were prepared."
The sweater didn't have a name and number on the back.
"So Bruins: make sure you send me my jersey," they said. "No. 13. Ramirez on the back for tomorrow's game. Thank you."
Obviously spending the off day with the @NHLBruins! [?][?][?][?] pic.twitter.com/6Cwq6ojWPS -- Red Sox (@RedSox) April 24, 2018
Several players and coaches attended Game 6. The Red Sox spent the day off yesterday here in Toronto.
"That's Boston right there," Ramirez said. "We support each other as a city. It's a champion city. Game 7 tomorrow. I can't wait. Everybody's going to be watching. ... We're going to have it (on) in the clubhouse."
Maple Leafs fans gave Red Sox players a hard time on the way into the Air Canada Centre.
"On my way in, yeah," Ramirez said. "I was kind of hiding."
It marked the first time Ramirez ever attended a hockey game. They have never skated.
"My kids, yeah," they said. "Not me. They'll be calling me. I'll say, 'No. I wait here. I'm not going there. I'm not getting hurt.'"
Prediction for Game 6?
"Bruins, for sure," Ramirez said. "House of the pain. ... It's what we do in Boston: hurt people."
“These ideas offer the breathtaking prospect of finding evidence for the existence of other universes,” said Carlos Frenk, professor of cosmology at Durham University in The Sunday Times: The intriguing idea in Hawking's paper is that [the multiverse] left its imprint on the background radiation permeating our universe and we could measure it with a detector on a spaceship.
This final theory explaining how humankind might detect parallel universes was completed by Stephen Hawking shortly before they died, reports The Telegraph. Colleagues have revealed the renowned theoretical physicist's final academic work was to set out the groundbreaking mathematics needed for a spacecraft to find traces of multiple big bangs.
Currently being reviewed by a leading scientific journal, the paper, named A Smooth Exit from Eternal Inflation, may turn out to be Hawking's most important scientific legacy. Fellow researchers have said that if the evidence which the new theory promises had been discovered before Hawking died last week, it may have secured the Nobel Prize which had eluded them for so long.
The new paper seeks to resolve an issue thrown up by Hawking's 1983 “no-boundary” theory which described how the universe burst into existence with the big bang. According to that account, the universe instantaneously expanded from a tiny point into a prototype of what we live in today, a process known as inflation.
But the theory also predicted an infinite number of big bangs, each creating their own universe, a “multiverse”, which presented a mathematical paradox because it is seemingly impossible to measure.
Image credit: With thanks to Jemal Countess/Getty
Continue reading...
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Point of No Return" --MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking: Wake Up, Science Deniers! --"Earth is Morphing into Venus" (WATCH Today's 'Galaxy' Stream)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
A busy Peterborough road is currently shut due to a gas leak.
Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service said: “Morley Way, Woodston, is currently closed due to a gas leak. Please avoid the area and seek an alternative route.”
The road is shut between the roundabout joining with Shrewsbury Avenue and the site for Whirlpool UK.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said: “We were called by the fire service at 11.55 to the junction of Maxwell Road and Morley Way.”
More as we have it.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The press service added that the drills would take place in the mountainous regions amid poor weather conditions.
"It is planned that more than 30 military exercises of different scale will be held with the helicopter crews of the Southern Military District's aviation regiment on the territories of Rostov Region, Stavropol Territory, as well as on the territory of the republics of the North Caucasus," the statement said.
According to the statement, Ka-52 Alligator reconnaissance and combat helicopters, Mi-28NE Night Hunter Mi-35M and Mi-24P attack helicopters, as well as Mi-8AMTSh military transport helicopters will participate in the military exercises of the district.
Kris Dunn, the 5th pick in this year's draft, has had a quiet start to their rookie season. He's averaging just 4.3 points, 2.5 assists and 2.3 rebounds, but he's having a breakout January, putting up 11, 4, and 3 this month. Sure, it's only the 2nd and he's only played one game, but the Timberwolves are 11-23 so let's pretend there's a bright spot. During the Wolves' loss to the Blazers on Sunday, Dunn broke out a sick move where they bounced the ball around the back of Shabazz Napier.
Napier was completely fooled. It was like Dunn threw a bounce pass to themselves on a backdoor cut.
Father's Day is Sunday, so here's a list of the “10 Most Memorable Country Songs That Celebrate Dads.”
Here we go.. in no particular order:
1. “It Won't Be Like This for Long”, Darius Rucker
2. “Song for Dad”, Keith Urban
3. “He Didn't Have to Be”, Brad Paisley
4. “Daddy's Hands”, Holly Dunn
5. “My Old Man”, Zac Brown Band
6. “Watching You”, Rodney Atkins
7. “Love Without End, Amen”, George Strait
8. “Just Fishin'”, Trace Adkins
9. “Drive”, Alan Jackson
10. “That's My Job”, Conway Twitty
Happy Father's Day!!!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An incredible story has emerged from Spain's World Cup penalty shootout defeat to Russia on Sunday - with Diego Costa at the heart of the controversy.
The 2010 champions crashed out of the tournament in spectacular fashion at the last-16 stage.
With the game at the Luzhniki Stadium 1-1 after 90 minutes, the tie was forced to extra-time.
Spain continued to dominate but for all their passing they failed to find a way through and the clash ultimately resorted to penalties.
Both Koke and Iago Aspas missed while Russia converted all their spot kicks to send the host nation through to the quarter-finals.
Since Spain's exit, sensational footage has emerged of a conversation that took place between Diego Costa and boss Fernando Hierro.
According to AS , the Atletico Madrid striker, who had been substituted in the 80th minute, warned their manager against Atletico Madrid's Koke taking a penalty.
Costa was captured talking to the Spain boss several times as Hierro was putting together their list of takers. Hierro reportedly told Costa "Koke is OK" to which they responded, "he's OK?" with a questionable look on their face.
At this point Costa's club team-mate storms over and throws a bottle against the ground.
Spain captain Sergio Ramos intervenes and asks Koke if they want to take a penalty. The midfielder hastily responds: "Yes, yes."
As the shootout progresses, Costa is standing on the end of the Spanish substitutes who are watching on from the side of the field.
After the 26-year-old missed their spot kick, Costa stands out from the line of Spain players watching and stares down the line at Hierro.
"I told you so," the former Chelsea striker reportedly hissed at Hierro.
Costa is then seen pointing at himself, clearly intimating that they could have taken a penalty and possibly scored had they still been on the pitch.
AMBER HERBERT / for the Review Times
Firefighters from Bettsville, Bascom and Old Fort stand by as the remains of a mobile home fire on County Road 30 rekindles Sunday evening. Rebecca Greenwald, who lived in the trailer owned by Adam Cornett, said they and their four teenage boys awoke to frozen pipes Sunday morning and were using a space heater to unthaw them when fire erupted at 2:22 p.m. Bascom EMS and Seneca County Sheriff's Department also responded to the scene. The home was a complete loss and American Red Cross was called in to assist the family.
Comments
comments
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It seems Jonny Mitchell and Camilla Thurlow's relationship is on the rocks in Love Island, as they have a big fight about feminism.
Despite a kiss and cuddle in bed the previous night, things turn sour quickly for Prince Harry's ex and the Essex boy in tonight's episode.
As they discussed dating etiquette, Camilla was surprised when Jonny said he'd never once let their girlfriend pay for themselves in their five-year relationship.
They also claimed he'd feel "emasculated" if a girl paid for dinner.
It quickly escalated into a row about feminism and women's rights, and Jonny suggested "real feminists believe in a slope towards them, rather than the man".
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
Clearly taken aback, Camilla hits back: "I don't think it's that, but I think it's difficult for men to see that there's been several generations which have been preferential towards men and therefore to redress the balance, there has to be in some way an active movement towards equality."
The next day, having not spoken, Camilla tells Marcel Somerville they feel like they're "moving too fast" and continues to pick up on their other bad habits.
They say: "I'm not saying that he's not entitled to their opinion, I'm just saying that I can't agree with that.
"There have been little things I've noticed, sometimes at meal times, they don't help clean up and they take first, and will be like ‘pass me that' when it's at the other end of the table - he'll want it straight up to him. I am funny about those things anyway.
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
"I feel like it comes across as though I'm trying to take a moral high ground and of course I'm not, absolutely not, and I respect that other people have different views. But for me, anyone who is at this time in life discussing feminism in that way, it really puts me off.”
Jonny overhears their "bitching" about him, and rejects their attempt at an apology later on.
Is this it for the lovebirds?
*Love Island continues on ITV2 tonight at 9pm
The best part about these hearty, comforting meals? All of them can be made in your slow cooker.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ed Sheeran has declared they love Jeremy Corbyn, but hasn't spoken out about it publicly because they don't think their fans care about their political views.
The singer-songwriter, 26, said although they have not previously backed them publicly, they believe the Labour leader cares about other people.
They told The Sunday Times' Culture magazine: "I love Corbyn. I love everything Corbyn is about.
"And I feel people thought that, because I didn't put myself behind him, I wasn't a Corbyn supporter.
"If you knew me as a person, and listened to my music, you would be able to make a pretty educated guess that they would be the kind of person I really dig."
They continued: "He cares about other people. They care about all classes, races and generations, and that's how I was brought up - we need more people that care about everyone."
Sheeran said fans are not interested in their opinion on politics.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I have political views but nobody buys my records going, 'I wonder what they think about politics?' Nobody," they said.
"People buy my records to put on while they make out. I'm not Mr Political. I vote the way I feel I should, but won't tell somebody else what to do."
The Shape Of You singer also talked about their fame and success, saying they are at a weird point because: "I've never felt this much adoration and I've never felt this much hate."
"It's a balance," they said, explaining they were off to an award show where "50% of the musicians there think I'm the most uncool thing on the planet".
HAPPINESS: Life is short for look for ways to be happy. Now is a good time to start as March 20 is International Happiness Day.
HAPPINESS: Life is short for look for ways to be happy. Now is a good time to start as March 20 is International Happiness Day. Supplied
TODAY is the International Day of Happiness.
So turn that frown upside down, here's seven guaranteed ways to be a bit more on the sunny side of your street.
1. Hug something or somebody - From your sweetheart to a dog, researchers have found a hug sky-rockets your levels of the love hormone of oxytocin (which apparently you can also experience through chocolate.
2. Move - get your blood going, get oxygen pumping in your lungs as exercise from dancing to darts, hockey to hula-hooping, walking to wake-boarding, has been shown to increase your endorphins. And as all you science geeks out there know, endophins are chemicals that are able to cross through the gaps between neurons in order to pass along a message from one to the next and thus create a feeling of well-being.
3. Be grateful - Write down five things you really appreciate. It might be a friend you go to the footy with, your dad for calling the other night or your house-mate who washed up last night. My mum once said to me when I was grumpy teenager, "happiness is wanting what you've got, not getting what you want.” Darn it, they were right. Again.
4. Get more sleep - Put down that smart phone and step away from the TV. Go and get some shut-eye. Many people who are stressed or unhappy can really benefit from a good nights sleep.
5. Spoil yourself in small ways - A small bouquet of scented flowers, a nice bottle of juice, your favourite magazine or some exfolient to give your feet a good scrub and relax.
6. Be kind to someone else - Helping other people from putting out your elderly neighbour's rubbish bin to always waving hello as you walk past can really make someone's day.
7. Make one of your dreams come true - Sign up for that art class, sporting club, book group, dance workshop. Start that book, painting, garage band or language course. Don't wait to be happy.
PRAIRIE VIEW, Texas — Gary Blackston scored 18 of their 29 points in the first half as Prairie View A&M dominated early to beat Texas Southern 96-82 on Saturday night.
Blackston and Zachary Hamilton each drained three 3-pointers early in the first half as part of a 33-15 start for the Panthers (9-15, 6-4 Southwestern Athletic Conference) that also included a 3 by Troy Thompson and two dunks by JD Wallace. They stretched it to 53-34 at intermission.
Prairie View led by double figures throughout the second half and a Blackston layup gave the Panthers their biggest lead, 90-67, with 3:20 to play. Texas Southern got as close as 94-80 in the final minute.
Hamilton finished with 26 points on 9 of 15 shooting for the Panthers. Wallace added 17 points and led with 13 rebounds and Thompson had 10 points, five rebounds and five assists.
Canadian Columnist Echoes Praise For Toronto Officer Who Arrested Van Attack Suspect NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with columnist Scott Gilmore about the non-violent arrest of the suspect in the Toronto van attack. Gilmore writes for the Canadian current affairs magazine Maclean's.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Kansas City Chiefs will be without centre Mitch Morse and right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif when they face J.J. Watt and the Houston Texans' defensive front Sunday night.
Morse remains sidelined after spraining their foot last month against Philadelphia, while Duvernay-Tardif was ruled out Friday after spraining their left knee last Monday night against Washington.
Zach Fulton is expected to start again at centre, but coach Andy Reid did not indicate who would start at guard. Jordan Devey got the spot duty when Duvernay-Tardif went down last week, but Cam Erving and Parker Ehinger could factor into the mix against the Texans.
Erving, former first-round pick, hasn't played since arriving in a preseason trade with Cleveland, while Ehinger hasn't played since tearing a knee ligament with the Chiefs last season.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea were handed the toughest test in the draw for the last 16 of the Champions League as they were paired with five-times European champions Barcelona.
Having finished second in their group behind Roma, Antonio Conte's men were hoping for a potential tie against Besiktas but instead came out against Lionel Messi's band of superstars.
Tottenham were also handed a questionable reward for finishing ahead of Real Madrid in their qualifying group as they were paired with last year's runners-up Juventus.
But Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool will be relatively content after being paired with Basel, Sevilla and Porto respectively.
The remaining three ties pit Real Madrid against Paris St Germain, Shakhtar Donetsk with Roma, and Bayern Munich against Besiktas.
The complete schedule will be released shortly...
TORONTO — Police in Toronto say they've made an arrest in a pair of vandalism cases, including one that shut down a west-end subway station for several hours on Friday.
In a statement released Saturday afternoon, Toronto police say a 48-year-old man faces 16 charges related to the two incidents, which happened nearly a month apart.
In the first case, police allege the man entered a fenced area in the city's west side on Jan. 7 and cut the power cables leading to an airport lighting beacon.
In the second, police say they entered a subway tunnel on Feb. 2 and intentionally damaged 10 track switches. That led to the temporary closure of the Royal York subway station.
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa — Brenton Scott scored 20 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Indiana State pulled away from Northern Iowa in the second half to take a 77-66 Missouri Valley Conference victory and snap a three-game losing streak on Saturday afternoon.
Scott knocked down three 3-pointers, giving them 257 career treys and leaving them 26 shy of the school record.
The Sycamores hit five 3-pointers in a row, the final two by Devin Thomas, to extend a one-point second-half lead, 45-44, into a 60-52 advantage.
Jordan Barnes contributed 13 points for Indiana State (11-13, 5-6).
Bundesliga 2016/17: 10 of the worst transfers of the season
A fallen God to a La Masia flop and one who called their manager a coward. We have it all here.
@@nathanjstaples by Nathan Staples Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 10:31 IST
Mario Gotze: The German Messi or the False God?
The German top flight is usually pretty shrewd with it's signings. Not the nation to particularly throw it's financial weight around, unless you're Bayern Munich and the player is currently in the Bundesliga, it's relatively rare that they have a truly shocking signing in terms of wasted money.
However, as with any league, there are still some examples of some pretty shoddy buys. From players that saw barely 30 minutes to one banned for having a tattoo to another calling their coach a coward in February, there's no shortage of the strange in the motherland.
So without further murmurings, here are the 10 worst transfers for the Bundesliga in the 2016/17 season:
#10 Mario Gotze – Borussia Dortmund
The strangest homecoming of the summer, Mario Gotze's move back to the club they started their footballing adventure with came with a mixed reception. Some were happy to see the former prodigy try to rebuild himself, others haven't forgotten how they left in the first place.
Two goals and two assists in 15 games and the picture doesn't look any rosier than it did back at Bayern Munich. The 24-year-old has been sidelined for the majority of 2017 with ‘metabolic disturbances' and will face an uphill battle to seemingly ever reclaim the moniker of the ‘German Messi'.
When great lights like this fade so quickly, it can be so heartbreaking. A few wrong decisions, some ill-advised moments and a dramatic lack of confidence, hopefully, the translation of their surname, ‘false god', isn't the same title that personifies their career.
#9 Guillermo Varela – Eintracht Frankfurt
Maybe Nico Kovac just disliked the design Varela was going for?
Have you ever been suspended for a tattoo? Well, Guillermo Varela has. The Uruguayan got some ink on their arm just before the DFB Pokal final, against the wishes of their manager, only for it to swell up and rule them out of training.
That then led to the club demanding that they return to their parent club and banning them from joining their teammates in Berlin. The Manchester United loanee was used sporadically and did not look particularly impressive when called upon, but they did play a part in the club's last five games of the season.
Those signs pointed to at least an appearance against Borussia Dortmund in the showpiece event but alas, it wasn't to be. Note this one down for future sports quizzes, as the 24-year-old will be forever synonymous with this bizarre episode.
Presley Hudson scored 28 points and No. 11 seed Central Michigan stunned No. 3 Ohio State 95-78 on Monday night to earn the school's first ever trip to the Sweet 16.
Cassie Breen threw the ball high in the air as the clock wound down and the joyous Central Michigan players jumped, screamed and hugged as they celebrated the biggest win in school history.
The Chippewas had won their first tournament game ever in Saturday's first-round upset of No. 6 Louisiana State. With the upset of Ohio State, they advance to face No. 2 Oregon in Spokane, Washington, on Saturday.
Central Michigan (30-4) out-rebounded and out-hustled Ohio State, played taut defense, hit a season-high 14 3-pointers and kept the Buckeyes at bay late in the game.
The Chippewas got plenty of help in the upset from the unusually error-prone Buckeyes, who got behind in the first half and then were run over by momentum and couldn't climb back in. Central Michigan led by as much as 23 points in the second half as Ohio State struggled to put together a run that would shift the tide.
All-American guard Kelsey Mitchell led Ohio State (28-7) with 28 points but hit just 11 of their 29 shots from the floor. Mitchell ended their storied career as the second-leading scorer in NCAA history, but it was wasted as the Buckeyes were denied their third straight trip to the Sweet 16. Mitchell passed Jackie Stiles and finished with 3,402 points.
Breen had 22 points, and Tinara Moore added 20 points and 10 rebounds in Central Michigan's balanced attack.
Ohio State seniors Mitchell, Stephanie Mavunga, Linnae Harper and Asia Doss will move on, leaving coach Kevin McGuff with a rebuilding job. The players talked about making the most of their last NCAA run together, but they were run over by the Mid-American Conference champions on Monday.
Mavunga had 16 points and 15 rebounds, and Harper added 14 points.
Mitchell finished their career with a 3-pointer in an NCAA record 92 straight games.
BIG PICTURE
Central Michigan: The aggressive and balanced MAC team blows by the Buckeyes and then keeps up the pressure in the second half to extend their best ever tournament run. The Chippewas were joined in the Sweet 16 by fellow MAC school Buffalo, which knocked off No. 3 seed Florida State.
Ohio State: Mitchell gets their game going a little too late and their teammates look discombobulated for much of the evening. The Buckeyes hurt themselves as much as Central Michigan dominated them.
UP NEXT
Central Michigan moves on to play Oregon next Saturday in Spokane, Washington.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Another day, another new beauty launch from Kardashian-Jenner land. If you've been keeping up with Kim Kardashian West's KKW Fragrance brand, then you know it's been some time since they launched the Valentine's Day-inspired Candy Hearts collection. The next perfume launch is nearly here, and it's inspired by none other than Kardashian West's naked body. As you can probably guess, it's aptly called KKW Body.
Launching April 30, KKW Body is not a unisex scent as some reports initially stated. Kardashian confirmed this on Twitter, also letting fans know that a unisex fragrance is something they are working on. The KKW Body fragrance will also be a standalone scent, not part of a trio like their first two launches Candy Hearts and Crystal Gardenia.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's not unisex but we have a unisex fragrance in the future https://t.co/WnNFVevBDe — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) April 24, 2018
Just one scent. https://t.co/2pwrLALImO — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) April 24, 2018
COMING SOON 04.30 A post shared by KKW FRAGRANCE (@kkwfragrance) on Apr 21, 2018 at 5:02pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The first teaser for KKW Body showed two nude busts—from the front and the back—carved into yellow beach sand. This led some fans to think it will be a beach-inspired scent, ideal for the start of summer vacations. Seeing as Kardashian-West just came back from a bikini-filled tropical vacation herself, the timing seems right. The imagery could also allude to a skin-inspired scent, usually containing notes of musk. We'll update this post as soon as we know more about the scent and the price.
Some fans are taking to social media to chastise Kardashian West for the KKW Body campaign images, claiming that they are too obscene. But still others are praising them for depicting the human body as artful. Kardashian West themselves has been busy posting photo after photo from the campaign, shot by contemporary artist Vanessa Beecroft, on Twitter. Beecroft has worked closely Kardashian West and their husband Kanye over the years, even collaborating on their 2014 wedding and various Yeezy collections.
An image of the final bottle hasn't been released yet, but fans are already speculating that it could look strikingly similar to Jean Paul Gaultier's line of iconic perfumes shaped like male and female busts. Gaultier's first perfume, Classique, launched in 1993 and over 80 different perfumes have been created in the iconic naked-body bottles since.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The shooting at a GOP congressional baseball practice Wednesday could have been motivated by heightened partisanship, according to Rep. Rodney Davis of Illinois. "This could be the first political rhetorical terrorist attack and that has to stop."
Rep. Steve Scalise, was among those shot in Alexandria, Virginia. Scalise was later said to be in stable condition and undergoing surgery, and President Donald Trump announced late Wednesday morning that the shooter -- identified by federal law enforcement sources as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois -- was killed in the incident.
"This hatefulness that we see in this country today over policy differences has got to stop," said Davis. "I believe that there's such a hatefulness in what we see in American politics and policy discussions right now. This has got to stop."
They added, "We can disagree on how to govern. That's what makes our country great, but I'm here because we're all Americans."
Davis said they and some fellow lawmakers fled the scene after hearing the gunshots.
"We took off down the street and a Good Samaritan let us into their apartment so we could call 911 and then also call my family," they said.
Davis, who was at bat at the time of the shooting, said they hope Wednesday marks a turning point in how lawmakers engage in the future.
"Republicans and Democrats need to use this day today to stand together and say stop," they said. "Let's work together and get things done. We can have our differences, but let's not let it lead to such hate."
As you can imagine, there is a huge amount of grief pouring out from politicians from both parties. Some even heading over to Twitter to express their support.
Illinois Republican John Shimkus is a player on the congressional team, but was not at the practice. They tweeted "Please pray with me for my friend Steve Scalise, U-S-C-P and all those there."
Please pray with me for my friend @SteveScalise, USCP and all those there. https://t.co/ugvaL6n0kY — John Shimkus (@RepShimkus) June 14, 2017
U.S. Senator Roy Blunt is "praying for all those hurt in today's horrific shooting at the congressional baseball practice. He's incredibly grateful for our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe.
Praying for all of those hurt in today's horrific shooting at the congressional baseball practice (1/2) — Senator Roy Blunt (@RoyBlunt) June 14, 2017
Incredibly grateful for our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe. (2/2) — Senator Roy Blunt (@RoyBlunt) June 14, 2017
Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill is calling for both parties to come together against evil, united by our common decency.
Unspeakable evil. Pray that Rep Scalise, police officers and everyone else will be ok. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 14, 2017
Just talked to Capitol police, they indicate officers will be ok. Thank God. Hope true for anyone hit. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 14, 2017
Please people. No partisan politics over this. Let's come together against evil. United by our common decency. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 14, 2017
Authorities did not immediately reveal why Hodgkinson opened fire. But Davis attributed the motives of the gunman to heightened partisanship in the current political climate.
U.S. Representative Mike Bost (IL-12) issued the following statement Wednesday afternoon:
“James Hodgkinson contacted my office 10 times, beginning in June 2016 and continuing through May of this year. While they continually expressed their opposition to the Republican agenda in Congress, the correspondence never appeared threatening or raised concerns that anger would turn to physical action. Had we any indication that Mr. Hodgkinson posed a threat to anyone's safety, we would have taken the appropriate steps to alert U.S. Capitol Police immediately. My prayers continue to be with Steve Scalise, as well as members of the security detail and congressional staff who were injured in this heartless attack.”
“I mean, quite frankly, I've been to these events, a lot of the KKK guys with their hats off look like they're from the cast of Seinfeld. Literally they're just Jewish actors. Nothing against Jews in general, but they are leftists Jews that want to create this clash and they go dress up as Nazis.”
— Alex Jones, quoted by Media Matters.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while their mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding their new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, they told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what they were doing and that they were getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says they can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see them personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting them dressed, and playing with them all the time. “It's just like their little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did they get their chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes they do,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is they getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alastair Cook has admitted to England's concerns over potential ball tampering during the Ashes.
Three Australian cricketers, Steve Smith, David Warner and Cameron Bancroft, have been suspended for between nine months and a year for their part in a ball tampering incident in South Africa.
But Cook revealed that their was some head scratching in the England dressing room during the Perth Test when Australia managed to get the ball reversing despite wet conditions that would normally not help the practice.
Asked if they suspected anything untoward in the Ashes, Cook said: "Yeah, a little bit, we did think in Perth, when the outfield was wet after the rain, they managed to get the ball reversing although I didn't see anything.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
(Image: Getty)
“We were curious in that series at certain moments but then we couldn't get the ball up to 90mph and they consistently could, and there is a theory that the greater the pace the more it goes.”
(Image: Getty)
Cook was an interested observer as the scandal unfolded and added: “I just think it was a real reminder, watching the whole thing, of what people want to watch in sport. They want to see whoever is playing, do it in a fair way. Win lose or draw.”
“The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security in May warned that white supremacist groups had already carried out more attacks than any other domestic extremist group over the past 16 years and were likely to carry out more attacks over the next year,” according to an intelligence bulletin obtained by Foreign Policy.
“Even as President Trump continues to resist calling out white supremacists for violence, federal law enforcement has made clear that it sees these types of domestic extremists as a severe threat.”
Brockton Police are investigating after middle school students at Joseph Plouffee Academy reportedly fired a BB gun at other classmates on Wednesday.
WCVB reports three middle schoolers shot a BB gun at other students on the playground on Crescent Street in Brockton after school on Wednesday.
The school nurse treated the students who were shot upon.
BB guns are a kind of air gun that projects metal shots, often plated with zinc, copper, and sometimes lead. Laws on the use of BB guns and air guns vary widely by state.
In Massachusetts, minors cannot possess or shoot an air rifle or BB gun in a public place unless they are accompanied by an adult, or have an official sporting or hunting license on-hand. Violations can include a fine of $100 and confiscation of the BB gun.
Mayor Bill Carpenter told WCVB the school administrators are aware of the incident and the students who shot the gun will be disciplined.
Drivers are facing long delays following a crash involving a lorry and a car on the M5 this afternoon.
Two lanes are closed on the southbound carriageway between junction 16 for Aztec West and junction 17 for Cribbs Causeway.
Traffic remains extremely slow while emergency services deal with the incident.
Traffic is queuing back to junction 15.
There are multiple fire engines at the scene, as well as ambulance and fire crews.
An Avon Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "We were called to an RTC involving a HGV and one car.
"Crews from Patchway and Southmead attended and made the vehicles safe."
No one was trapped as a result of the collision.
We will update this breaking news story as we get more information from the emergency services.
Follow our rolling live news blog for the latest traffic, travel and breaking news.
MULTIMEDIA
Twitter offers an endless supply of the latest news and current affairs coverage by our journalists.The Twitter accounts of The Korea Herald and K-pop Herald provide up-to-the-minute news to their 35,000 and 22,000 followers, respectively.Each tweet delivers the gist of a news story within 140-characters. Hashtags are also used to capture the keywords of each story, connecting it to the wider Twitter community. Clicking on the hashtags will lead you to real-time developments.Twitter users engage with their favorite Herald articles by leaving comments as well as retweeting and marking their favorites.Articles that met with a heated response on Twitter included a story by The Korea Herald on Galaxy S8 preorders, which received 1,899 retweets and 1,304 favorites.The most popular tweet had over 6,000 retweets. It was related to the news of K-pop band BTS' win at the Billboard Music Awards on the K-pop Herald's account.Even this moment, the musings of The Korea Herald's favorite writers, newsmakers and celebrities are being retweeted, marked as favorites and are creating impact in the social media sphere.Stay up to date with the world through our Twitter channels.By Kim Min-joo (mjk625@heraldcorp.com)
Julia (Palmieri) Hackett, 83, of Southington, passed away on Dec. 25, 2016 at home surrounded by their loving family. They were the wife of the late James Hackett.
Julia was born in Southington on Jan. 7, 1933 the daughter of the late Salvatore and Mary (Aldieri) Palmieri. Prior to their retirement they were employed by Allied Control Co. They were a parishioner of St. Thomas Church.
 They are survived by their loving children, James M. Hackett, Paul S. and wife Patricia Hackett all of Southington, Robert F. Hackett of VT, Ronald J. and wife Jennifer Hackett of Meriden and Daniel T. Hackett of Southington; 5 grandchildren Amanda, Robert, Jamie, Joshua and Raymond. They also leaf two brothers Salvatore and wife Doria Palmieri of Plantsville and Joseph and wife Bonnie of Westbrook.
Funeral services and burial are private. The DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St., Southington is assisting the family with the arrangements.
For online condolences please visit, www.dellavecchiafh.com
South Korea's exports of information and communications technology products rose for the third consecutive month in January on the back of brisk overseas sales of semiconductors and displays, government data showed Wednesday.
ICT exports reached $13.83 billion last month, rising by a nearly four-year high of 16.7 percent from the $11.85 billion tallied a year ago, according to the data compiled by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy.
(Yonhap)
The outbound shipment of such products had declined since October 2015, when it edged down 1.6 percent from a year earlier.Imports of foreign ICT products also jumped 14.8 percent on-year to $7.79 billion last month, with the country logging a trade surplus of $6.05 billion in the sector.Exports of ICT products accounted for 34.3 percent of the country's entire exports of $40.33 tallied in the same month, with the percentage going to 20.9 percent for imports.The ministry said rising demand for South Korean semiconductors, displays and computers contributed to the improvement in ICT exports, offsetting weak exports of mobile phones.Outbound shipments of semiconductors made by Asia's fourth-largest economy soared 41.6 percent on-year last month to reach a record $6.41 billion on the back of recovering demand for memory chips and a price hike, according to the data.Exports of displays also vaulted 15.6 percent on-year for the third month in a row in January, while those of computers and computer equipment gained 7.9 percent last month.On the other hand, combined overseas sales of mobile phones and parts tumbled 36.4 percent to $1.21 billion last month from a year earlier, extending their losing streak to 10 months.By region, shipments to Vietnam shot up 83.3 percent on-year, while those to China, including Hong Kong, and Japan rose 7.8 percent and 11.6 percent on-year, respectively. (Yonhap)
Barcelona need signings but not because of Supercopa loss, says Busquets
Barcelona need new signings but not because they lost 3-1 to Real Madrid in the Supercopa de Espana, Sergio Busquets has said.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 04:15 IST
Sergio Busquets (C) during Barcelona's clash with Real Madrid
Sergio Busquets admits that Barcelona need to make more signings but insists the necessity has not been increased by their Supercopa de Espana first-leg loss to Real Madrid.
Ernesto Valverde's side were beaten 3-1 by the LaLiga champions at Camp Nou on Sunday in a thrilling encounter that gives Zinedine Zidane's side the advantage in the tie.
Lionel Messi cancelled out Gerard Pique's own goal before substitute Cristiano Ronaldo scored Madrid's second and was then sent off for two bookable offences, the first for removing their shirt in celebration and the second for diving under pressure from Samuel Umtiti.
Marco Asensio struck a brilliant third in the dying minutes to seal a deserved win for the visitors, though, who are now in a commanding position ahead of next Wednesday's return game at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Barça are poised to complete the signing of Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao but, although they would welcome additions to the squad, Busquets does not feel Sunday's result proves that they need to invest more in the transfer market, having lost Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain.
1 - Gerard Pique is the first Barcelona player to score an own goal in El Clasico in the 21st century (all competitions). Misfortune. pic.twitter.com/qExt3f5Ewa — OptaJose (@OptaJose) August 13, 2017
"The team doesn't need signings because of this result," they said, as quoted by Mundo Deportivo. "We need them because you have to renew things."
"It's very difficult but we go to the Bernabeu with the intention of coming back. We don't look for excuses."
Barça general manager Pep Segura added that the defeat would not influence their actions in the final two weeks of the transfer window.
"It's a disappointment for all the fans," they said. "It's a situation in which we have shown in the past that we have the ability to go to the Bernabeu and win.
"A result doesn't determine the planning on the sporting side. In the first half, we gave a very good impression. The own goal from Pique hurt us a lot."
"muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj," Barr wrote, using Jarrett's initials. Jarrett, 61, is African American and worked for Obama from 2009 to 2017.
Barr apologized for the tweet, describing it as "a bad joke."
"I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and their looks," Barr said. "I should have known better. Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste."
Barr's agency, ICM Partners, said in a statement Tuesday that Barr's tweet was "disgraceful," "unacceptable" and "antithetical to our core values." The talent representative says it has ended its relationship with Barr "effective immediately."
Viacom cable networks Paramount Network, TV Land and CMT will be pulling all Roseanne reruns from their schedules beginning Wednesday. And Hulu yanked episodes of the series.
Jarrett responded Tuesday during a previously scheduled appearance on the MSNBC special Everyday Racism in America. "I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment," they said.
On the program, which airs Tuesday night, Jarrett added, "I'm fine. I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense."
Roseanne comedy returned to ABC in March, two decades after it ended its first run from 1988 to 1997, reuniting the original cast including John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf and Sara Gilbert.
The much-awaited 10th season's two-episode opener attracted 18.2 million viewers in preliminary Nielsen ratings, making it the season's top premiere. The return was large enough to prompt ABC to quickly order another season.
But the show has been beset by controversy.
Dealing with hot-button issues such as health care, social security and opioid addiction, the reboot received backlash for some of its pointed jokes, including jabs at minority-led series "Black-ish" and "Fresh Off the Boat."
Most of the dissent has been focused on the show's star. Barr only recently returned to Twitter after taking a break from the social media site following a December feud with people who responded harshly to their tweets praising President Trump and criticizing Hillary Clinton.
While Barr received a congratulatory call from Trump after the heated exchange, even then, fellow comedians were left with mixed feelings.
On Tuesday, Sykes was the first to announce she'd pull out of the show with a short and simple message of disapproval.
"I will not be returning to @RoseanneOnABC," they wrote on Twitter.
Gilbert, who plays Darlene Conner on the show, also denounced Barr's comments.
"Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show," they tweeted. "I am disappointed in their actions to say the least."
Emma Kenney, who plays Darlene's eldest child, Harris Conner-Healy, shared them disapproval.
"I am hurt, embarrassed, and disappointed. The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable," they wrote.
Writer Danny Zuker also tweeted their disapproval.
"I wrote on the original "Roseanne" where we used to denounce nativism, racism & homophobia. Nauseating to see what she's become," they wrote. "Looking forward to continuing not watching this show."
Actor Don Cheadle called out the apparent racism in Barr's tweets.
"you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne," they said.
Actress Patricia Arquette also spoke up.
"I am repulsed that Valerie Jarret had that racist and bigoted "joke" made at their expense and I am sickened that any Black or Muslim person has to keep hearing this sickness in 2018," they wrote.
Some tweeted their support for the actor, including British media personality Katie Hopkins.
"Never apologise @therealroseanne It only encourages the (expletive). Stand Strong," they wrote with the hashtag #MAGA.
Rosie O'Donnell called Barr's tweets "racist" and "childish" but overall seemed to accept the actor' apology.
File photo. Born in Thanjavur district, M. Natarajan was closely associated with the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) in their initial days. Photo: HT
Chennai: Sidelined All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader V.K. Sasikala's husband M. Natarajan died at a private hospital in Chennai after multiple organ failure in the early hours on Tuesday.
The 74-year-old was admitted to Gleneagles Global Health City hospital last week for chest infection and their condition was “critical”, the hospital had said.
An official release issued by the hospital said: “It is with profound grief and sorrow that we announce the sad demise of Natarajan Maruthappa at 1.35 AM today.”
Sasikala, currently lodged in a Bengaluru prison and serving a four-year jail term for possession of assets disproportionate to their income, is expected to attend the last rites of Natarajan.
The last rites will take place in Thanjavur.
Natarajan underwent a combined liver and kidney transplant surgery in October 2017 and Sasikala was then granted a five-day parole. The parole was granted on the condition that they would not be involved in any political, public or party activities.
Born in Thanjavur district, they were closely associated with the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) in their initial days.
A former government public relations officer for over 30 years, it was through Natarajan that Sasikala was introduced to late chief minister J. Jayalalithaa.
However, when Sasikala—a close friend of Jayalalithaa—was expelled from the AIADMK in 2011, Natarajan and 12 of their close relatives, including rebel leader T.T.V. Dhinakaran, were also expelled.
While Sasikala was welcomed back, others were kept away from the party. Though Natarajan fell out of Jayalalithaa's favour way back in the 1990s, they were removed from the primary membership of AIADMK in 2011.
Recently, the Madras high court confirmed a two-year jail term and issued a non- bailable warrant against Natarajan for evasion of customs duty while importing a luxury car from the United Kingdom in 1993.
Sasikala was sent to the Bengaluru jail in February last year, after the Supreme Court upheld their conviction by a lower court in the disproportionate assets case.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diego Simeone has told Leicester it will be a waste of time trying to man-mark Antoine Griezmann .
Atletico Madrid's French international striker Griezmann, 26, has 24 goals this term in all competitions.
They won and converted a penalty in the first leg last week to give Atletico a 1-0 lead ahead of Tuesday's quarter-final second leg .
But the visitors boss Simeone insists they aren't worried if Leicester try to man-mark the forward out of the game.
Ex-Argentine international midfielder Simeone,46, responded: “It has never happened where we have faced an opponent who has given them special treatment and man-marked him.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: David Ramos)
“If it did, I am sure the type of football they are and the ability they have, they would find a way to resolve that situation and find a solution.
“He would find space for themselves in open play or from free-kicks where defenders have to get back a certain distance.”
Griezmann has been linked with a £70million move to the Premier League this summer to Manchester United.
Leicester captain Wes Morgan set for timely return against Atletico Madrid in Champions League showdown clash
But Simeone touchily added: “That is a question for Antoine Griezmann.”
Simeone expects a close match at the English champions.
They added: “Leicester are in decent form, they are very close to getting back to their best that they showed in last season's title win.
“The first game was very tight and i think it is going to be a very tight game , decided on the smallest of details.”
SAN FRANCISCO — Investor Warren Buffett was in talks with Uber to invest $3 billion in the ride-hailing company before discussions went south, according to reports.
Buffett, the chairperson of Berkshire Hathaway, confirmed to CNBC Wednesday that earlier this year they had discussed a sizable investment in Uber with its new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, who is in the middle of rebranding the embattled company.
"I'm a great admirer of (Khosrowshahi)," Buffett said. "Some of the reported details are not correct but it's true that Berkshire had discussions with Uber."
The proposed deal, first reported by Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal, citing unnamed sources, had echoes of Buffett's $5 billion bet on Goldman Sachs during the depths of the 2008 financial crisis.
Warren Buffett speaking with reporters.
The Motley Fool
Buffett was proposing similarly favorable terms for an investment in Uber. Berkshire Hathaway was interested in a convertible loan to Uber that would have protected Buffett's investment should Uber hit financial straits, while providing significant upside, sources told Bloomberg.
Buffett's initial offer was well above $3 billion, those sources said, but Khosrowshahi tried to reduce the size of Buffett's investment to $2 billion before the deal floundered.
Uber's once high-flying valuation of around $66 billion took a big hit after a series of cultural and ethical scandals rocked the company last year, leading to the investor-led ouster of its co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick.
UBER CEO Dara Khosrowshahi on October 31, 2017, for a meeting with Brazilian Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles in Brasilia, Brazil
Sergio LIMASERGIO LIMA/AFP/Getty Images
In the wake of that shake-up, Japan's Softbank bought a significant stake in Uber at the significantly reduced valuation of $48 billion.
Since taking over late last summer, Khosrowshahi, the well-regarded former CEO of Expedia, has been grappling with legacy issues related to their predecessors — ranging from push-back from cities such as London and lawsuits for women who say they are not safe riding in an Uber — to obstacles that have cropped up under their watch.
That includes the recent crash of an Uber self-driving car in Arizona during testing, which killed a pedestrian as they were crossing the street at night.
Uber recently announced it was pulling out of all tests in Arizona, and that it would resume self-driving car work in other cities as soon as federal regulators conclude their investigation into the accident.
Follow USA TODAY tech writer Marco della Cava on Twitter.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A paedophile begged a judge for a week of freedom moments after they were convicted of raping two young girls.
Victor Jeffrey, 39, spoke up from the dock to persuade a judge for seven more days at home before they started their prison term.
The Middlesbrough man had been on bail throughout the trial at Teesside Crown Court, reports Gazette Live.
Knowing they faced a long stretch behind bars they said: : “I know I've been convicted of this in a court of law, Sir, and the sentence will be next week.
“But can I please ask you to please let me go home for another week. I promise I will come here like I have done every day.
“I'm begging you Sir, your Honour. I don't need to be put on remand. I'm no risk to anybody.”
Judge Howard Crowson told him: “I understand why you ask that. I'm afraid, Mr Jeffery, you'll have to stay where you are.
“It will be a long prison sentence.”
Jeffery was convicted of three rapes and one sexual assault on Thursday.
They appeared to show no reaction when the jury delivered its verdicts after about six hours' consideration.
Jurors could not reach verdicts on three more rape charges.
Prosecutor Shaun Dodds said the Crown would not seek a re-trial on these charges, which are expected to be left to lie on the court file.
Jeffery raped the two vulnerable underage girls several years ago, and told them not to tell of what they did.
One of the girls, who cannot be named for legal reasons, described them and their behaviour as “horrible”.
They told their mother and they called the police.
Jeffery denied all of the offences, claimed none of the sexual attacks happened and that the allegations were lies.
 They are due to be sentenced next Friday.
Cambridgeshire police failed to record thousands of reported crimes - including violent and sexual offences - , it has been revealed.
In a report from the HMIC, it was revealed that 1 March 2016 to 31 August 2016 inspectors estimated more than reported 7,000 crimes were not recorded properly.
The Crime Data Integrity inspection report, published today (Thursday), saw the Cambridgeshire force given a rating of ‘requires improvement.'
The report said: “This (the 7,000 unrecorded crimes) represents a recording rate of 87.8 percent (with a confidence interval of +/- 1.66 percent). “The 12.2 percent of reported crimes that go unrecorded include serious crimes, such as sexual offences and violence. The recording rate for violent crime is of particular concern at only 80.0 percent (with a confidence interval of +/- 3.15 percent). Improvements are therefore required in these areas.
“In particular, we consider that these failures are due to an insufficient understanding of crime-recording requirements by officers and staff, compounded by limited supervision to correct these decisions at the earliest opportunity.”
However, despite the criticism, the inspectors did praise some work done by the force since the last inspection three years ago, with the setting up of a victim's hub highlighted.
Assistant Chief Constable Dan Vajzovic acknowledged there was more work to do. They said: “As HMIC has recognised, we have made a concerted effort to improve the way we record crime accurately since their Crime Data Integrity inspection in 2014, and we continue to put the victims at the heart of our crime recording decisions.
“We have made significant progress against all of the recommendations made in the 2014 report, including introducing new crime-recording processes and establishing the Victim and Witness Hub, which provides support services to all victims of crime - but particularly those who are most vulnerable in our community.
“That said, we recognise there is still more work to do, and we have already put in place systems to ensure crime is reported at the first point of contact, either through an officer at the scene, the force control room or the police service centre (101 calls).
“We continue to look at the most appropriate timing and method of contact we have with victims, depending on both the type of crime they have suffered and their vulnerability, our use of language line to engage with victims for whom English is not their first language, and our collection of diversity data from victims of crime.
“We record in excess of 58,060 crimes every year in Cambridgeshire and HMIC has said today that more than 88% of those are recorded appropriately and properly. While it is of concern that some crimes are being recorded differently and this needs to be addressed, my focus remains firmly on protecting and safeguarding our communities.
“HMIC has recognised Cambridgeshire Constabulary as good for our accuracy in recording crime - which reassures me that we are delivering a good service to our most vulnerable victims. They have also recognised us as outstanding for our culture and leadership in crime recording - highlighting our strong governance and the standards and expectations we set for our staff and officers to get it right.
“While there were no specific recommendations made by HMIC, we continue to strive to provide the best service for the people of Cambridgeshire, we take heed of their areas of improvement and are reassured that they can see we are making good progress in the right direction.”
Cambridgeshire Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said: “I acknowledge that Cambridgeshire has been graded ‘requires improvement' in the HMIC Crime Data Integrity Inspection, however, I am confident the force continues to make significant improvements to ensure we do the best we can for the people of the county.
“The report shows we have made significant strides since the inspection in 2014 – completing all of the actions required, and I am delighted they recognise the work of the Victim and Witness Hub, which is funded by my office, as good practice. Ensuring our most vulnerable people are placed at the heart of the criminal justice system is a priority for me.
“While a recording rate of 88 per cent means 12 per cent of crimes went unrecorded, and 20 per cent of violent crimes were not recorded properly is clearly not acceptable, the achievement of a ‘good' for our accuracy in recording reassures me that we can get this right.
“With HMIC awarding an ‘outstanding' for leadership, I am confident the improvements needed can and will be made, and together we can provide the best service possible to the people of Cambridgeshire.”
Could Biden Make A Presidential Run In 2020? Former Vice President Joe Biden has had a busy public schedule lately. It's fueling speculation about ambitions to run for the White House in 2020.
Reports: Sergio Ramos unhappy with two teammates for being overweight
Sergio Ramos and other senior players have got into the ears of Karim Benzema and Isco for being overweight.
@soumalyamoitra7 by Soumalya Moitra News 15 Feb 2017, 16:03 IST
Sergio Ramos
What's the story?
Sergio Ramos and Real Madrid senior players are unhappy with Karim Benzema and Isco for being overweight by specifically 2 kgs each, reports Okdiario. According to reports, the two players have been confronted by the senior players in the dressing room, and have been told to get their act together.
Also Read: Real Madrid on the verge of signing record-breaking sponsorship deal with Under Armour
The report states, “Ramos has moral and legal authority. Sergio represents that historic essence of Real Madrid in that they never gives up when they are against the ropes”.
The Background
Sergio Ramos has been at Real Madrid since their move from Sevilla in 2005 and understands the club inside out. The pair of Isco and Karim Benzema haven't been at their best all throughout the season, for Real Madrid.
Isco has played only 950 minutes this season for Real Madrid, which includes just one appearance in the UEFA Champions League where they were subbed off in the 67th minute. They haven't had the impact they would have wanted, scoring 5 goals only from 16 appearances in the League.
Karim Benzema too has not been up to their usual standards, scoring just 10 goals from 26 appearances. Comparing that to previous seasons, where is scored 28 in 36 games (2015-16 season) and 21 in 38 games (2014-15 season).
The Heart of the matter
This being Zidane's second season at the helm of Real Madrid, Sergio Ramos has emerged as a real leader under the former World Cup winner. They have voice and command in the dressing room, which they have earned with their performances and their experience with the squad.
Therefore, they are the first to point fingers at their colleague. Real Madrid are approaching a crucial juncture where they take on Napoli in the Champions League and are at the top of the La Liga table with two games in hand.
What's next?
It is obvious that the duo needs to buckle up their ideas if they want to play for Real Madrid in the long run. There has been a lot of speculation about their futures, and at the moment being overweight doesn't send the right noises to the management.
Sportskeeda's Take
Isco and Karim Benzema are both really important players for Zinedine Zidane and both supremely talented as well. It is no surprise, that Sergio and others in the dressing room understand the importance of them to the squad and has gone and had a word with them.
Also, from Isco and Karim's perspective, it is very unprofessional and therefore the underperformance on the field.
The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) collected more than Rs 2.7 billion in commercialisation fees in 2016, of which Rs 2.35 billion was collected for permanent commercialisation, and Rs 350 million for annual/temporary commercialization.
Talking to the APP, LDA Director General (DG) Zahid Akhtar Zaman said that the authority completed various projects of public interest during the year 2016, besides adopting initiatives to facilitate the public.
The DG said that the directors of all directorates were asked to ensure their presence at the One Window Cell of the LDA for one hour, 11 am to 12 noon, daily. They personally heard the issues of people pertaining to their respective directorates and took all possible measures for the redressal of their complaints.
To a query, they said that the LDA's One Window Cell received a total of 61,482 applications during 2016 and out of those as many as 56,779 were disposed of. They said that on average 190 applications were processed daily out of the average 206 applications received daily, making for a daily processing rate of 92%.
“9342 applications for the issuance of no objection certificates (N.O.C) and transfer letters were processed out of 10051 applications received,” the DG said. “Besides executing more than half of the civil work on Pakistan's first-ever mass transit project, the Orange Line Metro Train (OLMT), the LDA also completed a number of other public projects.“
Responding to a query on the amendment of the Master Plan for Lahore Division 2016, they said that it had been approved for Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana and Kasur districts in July 2016, adding that a number of pending cases regarding the approval of private housing schemes and land sub-divisions would now be processed. “Previously there was no policy document in many tehsil/towns of these districts and this amendment will encourage planned development,” Zaman said.
A sum of Rs 3.21 billion was spent on the improvement of road networks, and a flyover was constructed at Kahna railway crossing at a cost of Rs 3 billion under a public-private partnership mode on BOT basis. The director general said that this will serve as a trendsetter for more projects under such arrangements.
A project worth Rs 5.12 billion is ongoing for widening the Canal Road from Thokar Niaz Baig to Doctor's Hospital and from Mall Road Underpass to Harbanspura Interchange by six meters, along with the construction of Chaubucha underpass at a length of 1.3 km.
The construction of a four-lane dual carriageway in Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute, Lahore was carried out at a cost of Rs. 554.95 million.
The construction of an underpass at the railway crossing near Gurrumanghat Road is also making progress with an estimated cost of Rs 224 million.
About the Traffic Engineering and Transportation Planning Agency (TEPA), the LDA DG said that it had completed more than 53 per cent work on the construction of a flyover at Katch Jail Road in Kot Lakhpat Area for connecting Moulana Shaukat Ali Road to Ferozepur Road and that the project will cost one billion rupees.
Regarding strict operations against illegal constructions, they said that the Planning Wing of the LDA carried out 74 operations against illegal housing schemes in the city during 2016, adding that it served notices to 182 housing schemes for slow pace of execution of development works, besides sealing offices of 35 schemes for their failure in executing transfer of mortgaged deeds of public utility plots in favour of LDA.
They said that demolition operations against illegal constructions and violations of building by-laws were also carried out in 45 housing schemes.
Regarding LDA City, Zahid Zaman said that planning and designing of the LDA City scheme were under process which will be completed by March 2017, adding that preliminary planning permission had been granted to seven housing schemes while technical approval had been given to four housing societies.
Giving details on the Security Featured Documents Cell of LDA, they said that the cell had issued a total 1045 documents of 25 types during 2016, including allocation letters, completion certificates, physical possession, entitlement performas, exchange letters, exemption letters, legal heirs, ownership requisitions, permissions to mortgage (PTM), physical possession, possession orders, qabza patwari, sanction plans, and transfer letters.
Holiday movies tend to be similar to one another, where the Christmas cheer easily solves everyone's family troubles just in time for jolly old Saint Nick to climb down the chimney and hand out gifts for all. However, SyFy's latest offering, Happy!, is a gritty alternative to the usual holiday fare that promises to be a Christmas cult favorite. Check out the trailer below.
#Happy! stars Chris Meloni, best known for playing Detective Elliot Stabler in NBC's Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, as the disgraced detective turned hitman Nick Sax. SyFy's latest show will also feature Lili Mirojnick as Sax's former partner Detective Meredith McCarthy, and comedian Patton Oswalt (Remy in Pixar's Ratatouille) as the voice of Happy, the talking horse who just so happens to be Sax's new partner.
Based on the graphic novel written by famed comic scribe Grant Morrison (Animal Man) and fan-favorite illustrator Darick Robertson (Vertigo's Transmetropolitan and Wildstorm's The Boys), Happy! pits a suicidal hitman and a flying blue horse – who may or may not be real – together for a very violent holiday adventure. Unchecked drinking, gambling, gore and rekindling the Christmas spirit ensue.
'Happy!' [Credit: Image Comics]
The series' source material is a four-issue mini-series that received critical acclaim, and its adaptation into a TV show allows the live-action Happy! to expand on the story. Based on the trailer, SyFy went all-out with the story's comedic nihilism, horse-related gags and bloody action, all of which bode well for the unique graphic novel. Hopefully, the expanded characterizations are being saved for the series' release.
Happy! will air on SyFy on December 6, 2017.
Do you want to see Happy! when it airs? What do you think of the show? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Tapeats Creek in Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona (AP-Yonhap)
PHOENIX (AP) -- A woman who was swept down a backcountry creek in Grand Canyon National Park along with their stepgrandson is an experienced hiker and married to a founder of a popular outdoor footwear company, family members said Monday.Authorities were searching for Jackson Standefer, 14, and Lou-Ann Merrell, 62, wife of Randy Merrell, who helped found the Merrell Boot in 1981.The pair lost their footing Saturday and fell into the water during a family trip with Randy Merrell and the boy's mother in a remote area of the Arizona park.Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, said the Merrells are avid hikers and know the area well. They said Lou-Ann and Randy Merrell live in Utah in a city on the eastern side of the state.Lou-Ann Merrell is "a very experienced backpacker," McOmie said. "If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome."McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. They said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off."The bad part is that they don't have their gear," McOmie said.He said rescue workers sent drones to the steepest part of the canyon. The water roars down through rocks, so the family is hoping that the two could be on a rock or have found a cave for shelter, McOmie said.The drone footage must be analyzed, but the family hopes it shows their location or at least provides clues. Rescue boats were also deployed, the uncle said.The National Park Service said some searchers will stay in the field overnight, but depending on conditions, may not actively search overnight.The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson is an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school."The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation," the school said in a statement.The park service said it's too early to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible.It also said hikers can use a "sketchy, seldom-used trail" that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but the path should be used only as a last resort.The group was on a different path known as Tapeats Trail, authorities said.A call to Merrell Footlab in Vernal, Utah, for comment on the search wasn't immediately returned Monday evening.
All great lovers know that great sex involves more than just sex. While foreplay may be the backbone of any successful sexual bout, there's an entire section of sex, one that is equally important, that even the most savvy of lovers are not privy to. And it just might be the one thing that your bedroom game is missing. It's called afterplay.
After… what?
Afterplay is the opposite of foreplay. While foreplay involves a range of activities prior to the beginning of a sexual experience, afterplay is concerned with the intimacies that occur after the sexual experience has reached its peak. Done with the main event? Afterplay is the perfect time to return to some foreplay favourites, say sexperts.
What does afterplay entail, exactly?
It may sound like just another go around, but really, it may be the part of your sexual experience that takes it from great to mind-blowing, every time. The idea is that when your partner is already aroused, they may find that certain moves feel extra-intense. Not only that, but if you've always been curious about trying something new, like, say a type of toy, after intercourse can be a great time to engage because you both may be less inhibited. Plus, there's no pressure on the trick to actually work. You're just having fun for fun's sake. In fact, even science says so.
Afterplay is the new foreplay
In a recent study, conducted by researchers at the University of Kansas, it was revealed that women find afterplay very important and most of the time, even more important than sex itself. Combined with foreplay, afterplay actually makes the overall sexual experience incredibly more enjoyable and making it more likely for you to get laid again with them According to the research, afterplay, just like foreplay, can bring couples closer, emotionally and physically and enhances the entirety of the sexual experience.
How to do it?
Afterplay differs depending on your partner. For most women (and men), it involves cuddling or snuggling of some sort. It has already been established in the past that cuddling increases physical and emotional intimacy by allowing close physical contact between two partners. Cuddling also translates emotionally because it brings a feeling of closeness and security between two people. In addition, the act of cuddling releases oxytocin (hormones that make you happy and can relieve pain) and other hormones in your body that help fight off infection.
So, the next time you're drawing up a roadmap to better sex, remember: your afterplay skills are mightier than your sword.
ALSO READ
How to restore your sexual confidence
Playing video games can make you last longer in bed
Sexting everyday is the key to a satisfying sex life, according to science
> More on Sex
Up Next: Know your spirits: Whisky
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.
The new features are:
- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon
- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon
- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake
- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick icon
Finally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation, The Ocean's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago they started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought they were crazy. Now, their company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked them if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
French Open 2018: Novak Djokovic and Alexander Zverev headline Day 4 play
Everything you need to know about the Day 4 schedule at the French Open 2018
Sudeshna Banerjee FEATURED COLUMNIST Preview 30 May 2018, 13:00 IST 61 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Novak Djokovic in action at Roland Garros on Monday
With the first round having been completed, except for a few matches due to rain, the focus is on Round 2 from Wednesday, May 30 at the French Open 2018 in Paris. The bottom half will play today and the biggest stars to watch on the men's side are the 2016 champion Novak Djokovic and the second seed Alexander Zverev.
Djokovic, seeded at a lowly 20th this time, will face Jaume Munar of Spain for a berth in the Round of 32. The 21-year-old outlasted former French Open runner-up David Ferrer in five sets in the previous round, but the task is certainly uphill with the former World No. 1 being their next opponent.
The Serb is still far from their best after recovering from an elbow surgery but they are growing in confidence with each outing, as validated by their semi-final performance against Rafael Nadal in Rome.
Zverev has won 31 matches this year -- the highest number notched up so far on the ATP Tour. With titles at Munich and Madrid and a runner-up show at Rome, the German has established themselves as one of the contenders to Nadal's throne.
Their Slam record, however, pales in comparison to this success at the ATP Masters 1000 level. But this could be the tournament that the 21-year-old will change that.
They dropped only four games in bludgeoning Ricardas Berankis in the first round and will look to bring forth that same belief when they face Dusan Lajovic of Serbia.
Halep begins campaign; Wozniacki, Kvitova in action
On the women's side, the top seed and World No. 1 Simona Halep will hope to get their campaign going after a fruitless wait on Tuesday. This has been the Slam where the Romanian has had their best performance, having reached the final twice.
12 months after enduring a bitter defeat to Jelena Ostapenko, Halep will return to Court Philippe-Chatrier for another shot at a maiden Major title. They also have the pressure of keeping their numero uno ranking intact, as anything less than a semi-final will see them relinquishing it.
They kick off their challenge against Alison Riske of the USA.
The second seed and reigning Australian Open champion, Caroline Wozniacki will also be in action on Day 4. The Dane had a tough first set and then blitzed through the second in their 7-6(2), 6-1 win over Danielle Collins in their opener.
Two-time Wimbledon winner and the most in-form WTA player of 2018, Petra Kvitova too will seek a Round 3 berth on Wednesday when they take on Lara Arruabarrena. The Czech, a four-time titlist this year, had to battle hard for more than two hours to grind out a 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 win over Veronica Cepede Royg in the first round.
Here is the Day 4 schedule on the three main courts:
Court Philippe CHATRIER
Play starts at 11am local time/2.30pm IST
Simona HALEP (ROU) [1] v Alison RISKE (USA)
Kei NISHIKORI (JPN) [19] v Benoit PAIRE (FRA)
Georgina GARCIA PEREZ (ESP) v Caroline WOZNIACKI (DEN) [2]
Lucas POUILLE (FRA)[15] v Cameron NORRIE (GBR)
Court Suzanne LENGLEN
Play starts at 11am local time/2.30pm IST
Viktoria KUZMOVA (SVK) v Elina SVITOLINA (UKR)[4]
Jaume MUNAR (ESP) v Novak DJOKOVIC (SRB) [20]
David GOFFIN (BEL)[8] v Corentin MOUTET (FRA)
Alizé CORNET (FRA)[32] v Pauline PARMENTIER (FRA)
Court 1
Play starts at 11am local time/2.30pm IST
Petra KVITOVA (CZE) [8] v Lara ARRUABARRENA (ESP)
Dusan LAJOVIC (SRB) v Alexander ZVEREV (GER) [2]
Martin KLIZAN (SVK) v Gael MONFILS (FRA)[32]
Daria KASATKINA (RUS) [14] v Kirsten FLIPKENS (BEL)
You can find the full schedule here.
BT has secured exclusive rights to football's two major European club competitions until mid-2021, in a deal that has big implications for British broadcasting.
The telecoms giant has invested a huge sum to secure the rights to the Uefa Champions League and Europa Cup beyond its current deal until 2018, paying out £394 million a year.
It's a key deal for multiple reasons, not least because it shows that BT is doubling down on football after investing massive amounts in the past few years to become a meaningful competitor to 500-pound gorilla Sky.
Although football appears to be a loss-leader for BT, it has clearly established the company at the forefront of the subscription broadcast industry, competing with Sky in an area that had previously been both the latter's heartland and a huge factor in making satellite television a success.
Double headers
Beating Sky to the European rights last time around had been seen as a major statement of intent by BT, and the new deal should underline the company's strategy of paying big money for the major sporting events.
The new deal will also see the arrival of 'double header' nights, with live matches at 6pm and 8pm during the group stages of the Champions League.
John Petter, Consumer CEO at BT, said: “We are delighted to have renewed these rights.
"The UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League are two of the best competitions in the world and we would like to thank UEFA for choosing us as their exclusive broadcast partner in the UK.
“The UEFA Champions League is due to get even stronger and we are delighted that fans will be able to enjoy two live matches a night for the first time.”
The horrific scenes witnessed in Charlottesville serve as a sharp reminder of how divided our modern society can be.
The abhorrent displays of Neo-Nazism seen on the streets of this traditionally peaceful university city showed in the most graphic terms what disaffection and alienation from day-to-day life can bring.
Demonstrators march in downtown Los Angeles on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
While an extreme example, it speaks to a growing trend of movement away from the centre ground which we have seen in recent years.
The rise of Scottish nationalism, the vote to leave the European Union, the failure of the Conservatives at the last general election and the elevation of political outsiders like Jeremy Corbyn, Emmanuel Macron and, most notably, Donald Trump, all came against the will and recommendation of “the establishment” or “mainstream”, both of which have become political insults in recent years.
It would be easy to dismiss the trend as merely being examples of “uncertain times”. It is clear that throughout the western world a sizeable number of people are feeling disenfranchised and marginalised by the system. Times may be uncertain but one of the few sureties we can rely on is that there seems little evidence that they are likely to become more predictable any time soon.
And the reality is that this is not uncharted territory.
New French President Emmanuel Macron salutes the crowd from the command car on the Champs Elysees avenue
Essentially since the 1970s politics and economics has been largely predictable and safe.
Election and economic cycles continued, until the financial crisis came along and exposed that much of the so-called certainty was built on sand.
The complacency behind the financial crash is also partially to blame for the fact that so many people feel like outsiders.
It is not confined to one social strata, age group or geographic area.
So how to heal the divisions and start to bring people together again?
I am increasingly coming to the conclusion that the answer lies in the arena of technology.
Historically technological advances have tended to prove divisive, often because they involved the mechanisation of processes previously carried out by salaried workers whose livelihoods were destroyed by innovations.
The pace of technological advancement, particularly in the areas of computing and software, is dizzying and accelerating faster than ever seen before in history.
And as such the need for programmers, coders and developers in the field is only going to increase. I certainly know of many large tech companies around the region who are screaming out for more staff, with some even offering cash incentives to graduates for merely attending an interview.
Educating everyone, but particularly children, in how to programme should be treated as a colossal priority as it will equip young people with a skill which they can hone and evolve as their careers progress.
Rather than see their livelihoods succumb to technology they can go along for the ride.
Similarly for adults businesses should be looking to upskill their workforce when it comes to tech, irrespective of what industry they happen to work in. Again the examples of this happening among Yorkshire businesses are legion.
Readers may think it too much of a stretch to say that technological savvy can prevent white supremacists holding high profile demonstrations but I disagree.
Sociologists have proven demonstrably that human beings are at the most content and productive when they both feel challenged and that they are contributing to society, a direct consequence of how the human race first evolved, and existed, in tribal structures, with every member contributing and feeling valued.
At a time of unparalleled advancement, it would seem that we all will have a lot to offer.
And it can bring us together.
Related Coverage Today's CT forecast
HAMDEN, Conn. (WTNH) — The last snow piles of winter are melting and spring officially begins on Tuesday at 12:15 p.m., but we have more snow on the way.
If you're frustrated about that, trust me, you're not the only one.
It's spring maintenance as usual at Town Center Park in Hamden.
Craig Cesare, Director of Public Works in Hamden, said, “The guys behind me just finished up cleaning debris from the storm. And then we also have one of the guys over there aerating the turf. We do that a couple times a year, getting ready to reseed.”
And right as spring planning is in full swing, winter decides to fight back.
Storm Team 8: Click here for the latest forecast
Edwin Reboyras of Wallingford noted, “It's just really cold, all the time. And I already get cold really easily so…”
The cold of March has been tough, but it's the snow on the way that is leading people across the state to say, “Enough is enough!”
Gerry Tobin, a Hamden resident, reminisced, “Last year I was smart, I went to San Diego to my daughter's in the month of February. It didn't snow 'till I got home in March so here we go…Here we go.”
And more snow means the crews at Hamden Public Works will be back off the fields and back on the plows.
“Well, we'll be ready at a moment's notice like we always do. We'll have to shut it down tomorrow to prepare for Wednesday. We'll put the plows back on the trucks, load every truck with salt. We'll be ready to go,” noted Cesare.
TORONTO - With its blend of music, comedy and a fast-talking perfectionist character, "The Mayor" offered Lea Michele "a little bit of everything" they were looking for as a followup to "Glee."
They just needed help from some political pros to play the driven chief of staff to Brandon Micheal Hall's lead character, a young rapper who runs for mayor of their Northern California town in an effort to build buzz for their mixtape.
"Jeremy Bronson, who is the brains, writer, creator, genius behind 'The Mayor,' put me in touch with some incredible women who worked with Obama, actually, and helped me prepare for this role," said Michele, who received two Golden Globe nominations for playing Type A teen Rachel Berry on "Glee."
Debuting Saturday at 8:30 p.m. on CTV after its premiere on ABC this past Tuesday, the comedy series sees Hall's character surprisingly win their bid for mayor, leading to an entertainer-turned-unlikely leader scenario reminiscent of what's unfolding in the U.S.
Although the show was created before U.S. President Donald Trump was elected, it is timely. In the first episode, for instance, there's a reference to White House senior advisor Kellyanne Conway.
"This show talks about some important political issues but it does it in a really lighthearted (way), and (that) we're delivering this message through music and through comedy is so great," Michele, 31, said in a recent interview in Toronto.
"It's the best time to do it because a lot of kids will be able to relate to the show," added Hall, 24, who was doing the interview with Michele via speakerphone because they couldn't make it to Toronto for the press day.
"They're finally going to see people that look like them or people that act the way that they act, and they're going to see them in these really powerful and strong but also witty and comical positions during a time where things are a little bit grey and a little bit not so comical anymore."
The Canadian Press
ROANOKE, Va. - Hope for Walk is a nonprofit that provides prosthetics to individuals around the world for under for free and is sharing its skills.
This week, it is hosting its largest training group and teaching participants how to create wooden prosthetics.
Founder Phillip Johnson says that the program continues to expand.
“The amazing thing to me is that just two years ago, there was two of us and now we have quite a diverse group who are donating their time and effort,” Johnson said.
The ultimate goal will be to provide these individuals with the knowledge and tools for their next mission trip, where they can further pass on how to create prosthetics with inexpensive items in those communities.
Members of the group are from Bolivia, Haiti, Columbia, Honduras and different states within the United States. Some participants even sleep in the shop. Wilfred Macena, an amputee says the program has changed their lives.
“Hope for Walk was very happy to have me here. I am training more and very happy to go back and give back what I learned," Macena said.
Trainee Tony Luparello says that this training is personal to them since they lost their legs two years ago and wants to help those who can't afford prosthetics.
"I want to see anyone that doesn't have a leg regain that joy and since of purpose, because you lose purpose too when you go from being a provider when you lose your leg, you can lose your job,” said Luparello said.
By the end of the week, this group will have learned the process of fitting and creating a prosthetic for an amputee within less than an hour.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
LONDON — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
PHOENIX — Joshua Braun had 20 points and seven rebounds to help Grand Canyon beat North Carolina Central 64-59 on Monday night.
Pablo Rivas pulled NCCU within 60-59 with 44 seconds remaining and Casey Benson had their shot blocked at the other end. But Raasean Davis missed the front end of a 1-and-1 and Benson made two free throws to give GCU a three-point lead. NCCU's Reginald Gardner Jr. missed a 3-pointer and Benson sealed it with two more foul shots.
Keonta Vernon and Roberts Blumbergs each added nine points for Grand Canyon (7-2), which led for the final 32-plus minutes. Benson had six points, seven rebounds and seven assists.
The Antelopes will play their first road game of the season on Wednesday night at Boise State (9-1).
Right from the start of OTAs, the mechanics of Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles have looked noticeably better than in 2016. They want that improvement to continue as they told the media they would head back to train with quarterback guru Tom House and their staff over at 3DQB after minicamp.
Bortles plans to go back back, to Cali Cali after minicamp. #Jaguars — Mike Kaye (@mike_e_kaye) June 14, 2017
After struggling in 2016, Bortles made their mechanics a focal point this offseason and began training in California with 3DQB at the beginning of the year. Jaguars executive VP Tom Coughlin evidently sees a noticeable improvement in the young signal caller's mechanics, feeling confident enough in Bortles to pick up their fifth-year option.
It's possible Bortles has learned from the mistakes they made in 2016, a season in which they regressed for reportedly not following up on their progress from 2015. As a result, they took a steep decline in play and finished last season completing 58.9 percent of their passes for 3,905 yards with 23 touchdowns and 16 interceptions.
More than 100 million Americans are living with diabetes or prediabetes, according to the CDC. To raise awareness of diabetes risk and help those who have it better manage the condition, Supervalu Pharmacies recently offered free diabetes screenings and risk assessments as part of its annual My Diabetes Coach public education campaign in association with Paramount Rx and BD Diabetes Care.
In total, Supervalu Pharmacies across its retail banners, including those at Cub, Shop n' Save, Shoppers and Hornbacher's, administered more than 7,000 risk assessments and more than 600 blood glucose screenings.
The Diabetes Coach campaign is continuing through mid-May with free, 90-minute grocery store tours with a specially trained pharmacist and a registered dietitian to help those with diabetes learn to live and eat well with the disease. In addition, people with diabetes can sign up for individual, one-on-one educational sessions at their local Supervalu pharmacy now through early June.
“Diabetes is a serious condition that significantly impacts the quality of life for millions of Americans, which is why early detection and proper care are so important,” said Steve McCann, VP of pharmacy at Supervalu. “The goal of the Diabetes Coach program is to help people learn to prevent or live well with the disease.”
Assessing the risk of developing diabetes
Supervalu's diabetes risk assessment consists of seven general health questions. Based on an individual's answers, the pharmacist may recommend and administer a free blood glucose test. A finger-stick provides immediate results and categorizes blood glucose within a range of normal-to-high limits. Those whose levels are considered high are urged to consult with their physicians for further testing.
Free store tours and educational classes
To help those with diabetes learn to live and eat well with the disease, shoppers can sign up at their local Supervalu pharmacy for a free, 90-minute grocery store tour, led by a specially trained pharmacist and a registered dietitian, now through mid-May.
The tour's main focus is to help people learn how to read food labels and make nutritious choices when grocery shopping.
Tour participants will receive a coupon for $5 off any item from the Wild Harvest line, which offers several low-sodium, low-sugar products free of artificial and synthetic ingredients, more than 60 percent of which are certified organic by the USDA.
While registration is open to anyone, Supervalu encourages those recently or previously diagnosed with diabetes to participate along with friends and family who provide support to that individual.
In addition to the grocery store tours, Supervalu Pharmacies are offering free educational classes for patients with diabetes, including two one-on-one sessions, now through early June. These individual sessions feature free A1c tests, cholesterol tests, BMI assessments, and comprehensive medication reviews to help individuals manage their diabetes. Those interested in participating in these classes should contact their local Supervalu pharmacy.
Teaming up to tackle diabetes awareness
The Diabetes Coach program was made possible through the sponsorship of two companies—Paramount Rx and BD Diabetes Care—that have teamed up with Supervalu to raise awareness and provide educational resources.
According to Ken Hammond, R.Ph and CEO of Paramount Rx, an independent and privately held full-service pharmacy benefits manager, “This innovative program empowers communities to make healthy choices for themselves and their families. We are proud to support program participants on their journey to better health—whether they are getting a risk assessment or simply learning to prepare nutritious meals.”
“BD is committed to helping minimize the complications and burdens associated with diabetes,” said Marcus Silva, director of marketing diabetes care at BD.
Supervalu serves customers across the U.S. through a network of 3,324 stores composed of 3,111 wholesale primary stores operated by customers serviced by Supervalu's food distribution business and 213 traditional retail grocery stores operated under five retail banners in six geographic regions. Headquartered in Minnesota, Supervalu has approximately 31,000 employees.
Keep reading:
Sweet and packing a caffeine punch, ready-to-drink coffee products lining shelves at convenience stores and supermarkets have become a popular and cheaper alternative to high-priced espresso.The quickly rising sales of these ready-to-drink products have even spurred traditional coffee brands including Starbucks and Caffe Bene to launch RTD offerings in convenience stores.According to convenience store chain 7-Eleven, sales of RTD coffees in both cup and can package in the first quarter rose by 9.1 percent on-year in 2015, by 12.6 percent in 2016, and 6.4 percent in 2017.However, according to a survey conducted by a consumer group, these RTD coffees can come with a hefty dose of caffeine and sugar -- enough to be harmful when consumed in large quantities.A total of 19 different cans and cup latte products currently sold in convenience stores contained an average of 21.46 grams of sugar, nearly half of the World Health Organization's suggested sugar intake of 50 grams a day.The product with the highest sugar content was Denmark Coffing Road Caffe Bombon, with high sugar content coming from sweetened condensed milk and caramel syrup. The product also contained the highest calorie content in the survey, at 151.64 calories per 200 milliliters.Consuming high doses of sugar can lead to side effects such as weight gain, high blood pressure and high blood sugar.Although all of the products surveyed were coffee products, they showed a wide variety in their caffeine content, from 38.82 milligrams to 104.05 milligrams per 200 milliliters.The product with the highest level of caffeine was Caffe Bene Real Brew Drip with 83.24 milligrams. The survey showed that products that were categorized as dairy products, containing 4 percent or more of powdered milk, had 20.1 percent more caffeine than drinks that were categorized simply as coffee.In order to avoid consuming too much sugar and caffeine through these types of products, Consumers Korea suggested that consumers read the labels on the products to determine nutritional content.In particular, products that contain more than 0.15 milligrams of caffeine per milliliter are required to indicate that it is a high-caffeine drink on the label, the group noted.Consumers Korea also warned strongly against the consumption of these products by teenagers. “The caffeine content in some of the coffee drinks contained more caffeine than the recommended daily dose for a teenager that weights 50 kilograms,” the group wrote in its report, noting that excessive caffeine can lead to symptoms such as insomnia and hypersensitivity.By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com)
Vehicle sales across categories registered a rise of 24.05% to 19,39,671 units from 15,63,658 units in November 2016, Siam report said. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Domestic passenger vehicle sales rose 14.29% to 275,417 units in November from 240,983 units in the same month last year. Domestic car sales were up 4.49% to 181,395 units as against 173,607 units in November last year, according to data released by industry lobby Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam).
Motorcycle sales last month rose 23.25% to 959,122 units as against 778,173 units a year earlier. Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 23.49% to 1,535,277 units compared to 1,243,246 units in the year-ago month.
Sales of commercial vehicles were up 50.43% to 68,846 units in November, Siam said. Vehicle sales across categories registered a rise of 24.05% to 1,939,671 units from 1,563,658 units in November 2016, it added.
5 Things Every First Time Founder Needs to Know
After a whirlwind year, the co-founders of Shine share what they've learned.
It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The treaty, negotiated under President Barack Obama, entered into force on Feb. 5, 2011, and its weapons limits must be met by Monday. The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday's deadline.
As of Sept. 1, the last date for which official figures are available, Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit, at 1,561.
"Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time, and we have no reason to believe that won't be the case," State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday.
The Pentagon's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests, "further progress is difficult to envision," in light of what the U.S. considers Russia's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals.
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama's in ending their push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defence policy.
Like Obama, Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in "extreme circumstances," while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means. But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons, as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe.
The administration's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe.
It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as "escalate to de-escalate," in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited, conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down.
"Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow's first-use of nuclear weapons," the review said.
The administration proposes a two-step solution.
First, it would modify "a small number" of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads.
Second, "in the longer term," it would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration.
Robert Soofer, a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review, said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons.
"I'm sure they won't respond well," Soofer said Thursday.
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington, Nikolay Lakhonin, said they would not comment until the review had been made public.
Asked whether the two new nuclear weapons are needed to deter Russia, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said Friday, "We are deterring nations that have spoken about using nuclear weapons."
The Associated Press
Serena sails past Tomova and into round three
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 15 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:31 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Serena Williams in their second round match at Wimbledon
Serena Williams made short work of Viktoriya Tomova as they eased into the third round of Wimbledon in straight sets.
Having seen off Arantxa Rus in straights in the first round, Williams - controversially seeded 25th despite having spent much of the year off following the birth of their first child - was typically destructive in seeing off the qualifier 6-1 6-4 in an hour and six minutes.
Tomova, competing in just the second grand slam main draw of their career, never looked like being a match for the 23-time major winner, who has yet to receive a real test of their credentials as a contender for the Venus Rosewater Dish.
The winner of Kristina Mladenovic's clash with Tatjana Maria awaits in round three, but a prospective fourth-round clash with Madison Keys, seen as one of their successors at the top of American women's tennis, is more likely to provide a clearer indication of whether they are capable of winning a tournament with just three of the top eight seeds still in the draw.
Third round spot sealed in 66 minutes
Another step towards an eighth #Wimbledon title, @serenawilliams defeats Viktoriya Tomova 6-1, 6-4 on Centre Court pic.twitter.com/bjEhP7hcod — Wimbledon (@Wimbledon) July 4, 2018
A foreboding sign of things to come for Tomova was provided in their first service game as a wonderful cross-court forehand put Williams up 30-0, though the Bulgarian was able to survive a break point and hold.
However, Tomova could not fend off the second break point they faced, which came on the back of a double fault, firing long to hand Williams the initiative.
Williams grew increasingly brutal in dispatching the Tomova serve in the fifth game of the contest and was equally dismissive of an attempted lob from their opponent, an emphatic smash bringing about the double break, before Tomova thudded a forehand into the net to concede the set.
Tomova played with more freedom and belief in the second, saving three break points at the start of the set, but two games later they were broken to love courtesy of a limp netted backhand.
Still the increasingly competitive nature of the contest was relished by Williams, who let out a roar after a cross-court backhand winner brought up another break point that Tomova saved, before applauding the 23-year-old as they survived a match point and forced them to successfully serve it out.
MONTREAL — A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began.
The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway.
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada, the union said in a news release.
"We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying," stated union president Doug Finnson.
RRBs were set up to provide credit mainly to small and marginal farmers, agricultural labourers, artisans and small entrepreneurs in rural areas.
New Delhi: The government on Wednesday extended its capital infusion scheme for regional rural banks (RRBs) to 2019-20 with the aim of strengthening their lending capacity.
The scheme, which was started in FY11 was extended twice earlier, with the second one being up to March 2017. Under the latest extension, ₹343 crore will be infused in these entities for the three years to FY20, according to an official statement released after the Union cabinet approved the extension.
RRBs, which are jointly owned by the Union and state governments and sponsor banks, were set up to provide credit mainly to small and marginal farmers, agricultural labourers, artisans and small entrepreneurs in rural areas.
The cabinet also decided to accede to the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performers and Phonograms Treaty, which extends coverage of copyright to internet and the digital environment.
Information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said the treaties provide a framework for creators and right owners to use technical tools to protect their work.
The government also enhanced the spending on Air India to maintain certain flights for the President, Vice President and Prime Minister. The cost of this operation was last fixed in 2011.
The cabinet also approved the DNA Technology (Use and Application) Regulation Bill that aims to expand the application of DNA-based forensic technologies to support and strengthen the justice delivery system. Forensic DNA profiling is of proven value in solving cases involving offences categorised as affecting the human body such as murder, rape, human trafficking, or grievous hurt, and those against property including theft, burglary, and dacoity.
BUSINESS
A local cryptocurrency exchange displays a price chart of bitcoin. (Yonhap)
South Korea was not an exception from a bitcoin price spike Monday, as the US began trading a derivative related to the de facto key cryptocurrency on the Chicago Board Options Exchange on Sunday.As of 1 p.m. Monday, bitcoin in South Korea traded at 19.5 million won ($17,900), up 35.8 percent compared to a day prior, according to data from local coin tracker Coinass.The coin price remained about 10 percent higher than the world average, the data also showed.The surge does not necessarily mean a boon to investors or markets, experts noted, as the price is highly volatile due to speculations.“Bitcoin in Korea is now transformed into a means of speculative investment,” Hong Ki-hoon, a business administration professor at Hongik University and blockchain expert, told The Korea Herald.Bitcoin, trading at lower than 1 million won in January in Korea, hit an intraday-high at 24.8 million won Friday. But it had since plunged by about 30 percent until Sunday at midnight, partly on a series of news reports about the government's anticipated move to outlaw cryptocurrency-related business entities the previous week.Also, a bitcoin-involving scam allegations Sunday added to the price drop before Monday.On Korea's online communities Sunday, posts were circulating that plans to launch bitcoin platinum, a new blockchain built following a bitcoin hard fork -- a split path of a blockchain and create a new coin -- was a scam by a high school student in Korea, who claimed they “took margins” from short-selling bitcoins following the plunge.On Monday morning, bitcoin platinum‘s official account denied the allegations, saying the snaps were fabricated.Korea is home to three major cryptocurrency exchanges -- Bithumb, Coinone and Korbit -- that combined account for nearly 25 percent of the world's bitcoin transaction volume, as of Monday at 1 p.m. But the nation‘s financial watchdog has effectively banned trading bitcoin futures, calling it a non-financial instrument.The government is reportedly expected to unveil plans to label cryptocurrency exchanges illegal fundraisers and shut them down as early as this week and regulate them “as harsh as pornography suppliers,” in a move to curb speculative coin purchases here.In Hoh, an informatics professor at Korea University and head of the Korea Society of Blockchain, pointed to the information asymmetry rampant among Koreans, which leads to market ineffectiveness and bandwagon effects.“Koreans, especially in the era of low key rates, have suffered a lack of high-risk, high-return choices to build up assets, coupled with regulation on the real estate market,” they told The Korea Herald.“Also, let‘s say someone earned profits by investing in bitcoins, then a neighbor would feel left behind from the trend.”By Son Ji-hyoung
BUSINESS
The number of Korean tourists visiting Japan between January and October this year rose 40 percent on-year, nearly triple the number of Japanese tourists to South Korea during the same period, industry data showed Monday.
According to data collected by the Korea Tourism Organization and Japan Tourism Agency, 5.84 million South Korean tourists visited Japan during the 10-month period in 2017, up from 4.17 million last year.
(Yonhap)
The number of Japanese tourists here reached 1.9 million, nominally up from 1.89 million a year earlier.Given that nearly 600,000 Korean travelers visited Japan per month, the combined number of South Korean visitors to Japan is expected to well exceed 7 million by the end of the year, according to industry sources.The combined number of Japanese tourists to South Korea is forecast to hit some 2.3 million.The rise in the number of Korean tourists to Japan was reportedly backed by the increased number of national holidays and a weak yen. On the other hand, Japanese travelers remained reluctant to visit Korea amid security fears sparked by North Korean provocations, industry sources said.By Shim Woo-hyun (ws@heraldcorp.com)
There is a severe weather warning for the region.
UPDATE, 4.15pm: Lismore, Coraki and Ballina have been added to the list of Northern Rivers towns that could cop a serious storm this afternoon.
The Bureau of Meteorology, in an updated severe storm warning, said 43mm of rain has fallen at Coaldale between 3.30pm and 4pm, with 30mm of rain in 30 minutes from a thunderstorm at Sandy Hill earlier this afternoon.
MONDAY, 3.40pm: Severe thunderstorms are likely to produce heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding around Tenterfield, Tabulam, Casino and Kyogle.
The Bureau of Meteorology has this afternoon issued an official severe storm warning.
The State Emergency Service advises that people should:
Keep clear of creeks and storm drains
Don't walk, ride your bike or drive through flood water
If you are trapped by flash flooding, seek refuge in the highest available place and ring 000 if you need rescue
Unplug computers and appliances
Avoid using the phone during the storm
Stay indoors away from windows, and keep children and pets indoors as well
For emergency help in floods and storms, ring the SES (NSW and ACT) on 132 500.
The next warning is due to be issued by 4.45 pm.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Someone repeatedly punched a car park pay machine in Bristol city centre in a bizarre case of criminal damage.
The incident happened at Trenchard Street Car Park behind Colston Hall.
One of the pay machines in the multi-storey car park was punched repeatedly and left damaged as a result.
Avon and Somerset Police have released a CCTV still of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
(Image: ASPolice)
The man is Asian with a beard and hair that is long on top and short on the back and sides.  They are wearing a check black and white shirt.
In a tweet, Avon and Somerset Police's city centre account wrote: “Do you recognise this man?
“We'd like to speak to them in connection with a report of criminal damage, in which someone repeatedly punched a pay machine in Trenchard Street Car Park, Bristol city centre.”
However, the police have not included any information regarding the time and date of the incident.
If you know this man or have any information on this incident call the police on 101 and quote the crime reference number 5218 053 240.
Sevilla in talks over Lenglet extension to fend off Barcelona interest
Clement Lenglet is reportedly a target for Barcelona, but Sevilla insist they are confident about extending their stay in Andalucia.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 20:16 IST 431 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Clement Lenglet vies with Barcelona's Luis Suarez
Sevilla have received no offer from Barcelona for centre-back Clement Lenglet and are in talks with the Frenchman regarding a contract extension that will increase their release clause, according to club president Jose Castro.
Lenglet has gained many admirers since joining Sevilla from Nancy in January 2017, quickly securing a first-team role under Jorge Sampaoli and remaining a key figure this season, playing 35 times – more than any of their team-mates – in LaLiga.
Reports of Barça's interest were prominent for much of the campaign and there have even been claims the club already have an agreement with Lenglet.
But Castro insists they see no reason not to be optimistic about Sevilla's talks over a possible contract extension for Lenglet, as they hope to increase their €30million release clause.
Speaking at the presentation of new coach Pablo Machin, Castro said: "We have no record of Lenglet having an agreement with any other club and we have no reason to think that they will leave Seville.
"The news that comes out can come out. The meetings we've had are to increase their clause and renew.
"We will continue talking and we will meet again in a few days, but at no time has they told us about other clubs or any offer.
"We do not know of offers neither through the representative nor from any club, aside from what we read in the media."
If Lenglet does remain at Sevilla, they will begin the new season with a fifth coach in a year and a half at the club, with Machin following in the footsteps of Jorge Sampaoli, Eduardo Berizzo, Vincenzo Montella and Joaquin Caparros, who is now director of football.
@pablomachindiez : "No one needs to tell me what the demands are. I know the Club I'm coming to perfectly well"
All the quotes from our new manager's presentation https://t.co/IDilixi555 #vamosmisevilla #BienvenidoPablo pic.twitter.com/huqaowXp1H — Sevilla FC (@SevillaFC_ENG) May 30, 2018
And Machin expressed great confidence in their own abilities during their presentation to the local media on Wednesday.
"So far I have always fulfilled the objectives that I have been asked, sometimes even surpassed them," Machin told reporters.
"I know perfectly the club that I come to and that I am responsible for putting Sevilla back where it deserves to be. I am completely prepared."
A new brewery has opened its doors in the neighborhood. Called Eris Brewery and Cider House , the fresh arrival is located at 4240 W. Irving Park Rd. (between Keeler Ave. & Tripp Ave.) in Irving Park.This new spot--located in a former church and Masonic temple--features an extensive menu of house-made ciders and beers along with upscale pub food from veteran executive chef Jonathan Trubow (Mrs. Murphy, Sons Irish Bistro).On the food menu, expect to see dishes such as root vegetable hash in a brown sugar vinaigrette with caramelized pearl onion, and micro greens; braised short-rib with white bean and sausage cassoulet and herb salad; steak frites; and a vegan cobb salad with kale and butternut squash.It's still early days for the fledgling business--it's got just one review on Yelp thus far.Nunzino P., who was the first Yelper to review the new spot on January 27th, said: "Was at the soft opening... No place better to have a cider or beer in Chicago. Food is incredible, and the staff provide a wonderful customer experience. The place is as authentic as they come."Intrigued? Stop in to try it for yourself. Eris Brewery and Cider House is open Monday-Thursday from 11am-1am, Friday from 11am-2am, Saturday from 10am-2am and Sunday from 10am-midnight.
The company is all set to launch their upcoming smartphones Xiaomi Mi 6 and Mi 6 Plus this week in Beijing. All Xiaomi fans are excited to have this budget-friendly phone offering high-end specs in it.
Till date, we have come across so many rumors and leaks regarding the specs and designs of these two phones. Although it is not confirmed, we are able to visualize the final design of the phone ahead of its launch. Even the teasers released by the company accompanied our guess works as well. Now, there is interesting news for all of us who are looking forward to this launch event.
Also Read: Xiaomi Mi6 to have high-end specs and affordable price
It is not about Mi6, but it is about other new products which the company is planning to unveil on the same day. Yes, the Chinese smartphone manufacturer is all set to launch some new devices along with its new flagship smartphones.
Recently, the company's Mijia sub-brand posted a poll on their official Weibo page which asked the fans about the list of devices which company may announce at their launch event. The keen observation on that page made everyone feel that the company may come up with a new Mi TV, new Mi headphones, new Mi speakers, and some other products.
One should also take a note on their newly rumored Mi headphones. There were lots of rumors and leaks saying that Mi6 will ditch their 3.5mm headphone jack, but launching a new pair of headphones is creating a confusion among the fans.
This even made few sources to claim that this new Mi headphone will not be wired, instead, it will be a Bluetooth headphone. Nothing is confirmed for now. We just have to wait until Xiaomi announces those new products officially.
Source
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It went out of date 35-years-ago, but what does the inside of this tin of Green Giant sweetcorn look like now?
The can was recently donated to a food bank in Cardiff, despite having the best before date of August 1982.
But it turns out that the sweetcorn has lasted pretty well - and looks exactly the same as you would expect if it was well in date.
Whether the same can be said about the taste is anyone's guess.
And it's not the only out-of-date product the Cardiff food bank has received recently after someone donated a tin of soup to that is so old that Heinz doesn't even make the flavour anymore.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
The rusty can had clearly been forgotten about long ago at the back of someone's cupboard, until the donor decided to have a clear out.
And when it arrived at Cardiff food bank - the tin of long since discontinued kidney soup was at least 46-years-old.
The Heinz ‘ready to eat' Kidney Soup, priced at 10d (24p in 'new' money) was handed into to the Trussell Trust Cardiff Food Bank on Wednesday, reports Wales Online .
Staff said the “hilarious” donation also included an 8p tin of Green Giant sweetcorn dating back to the 1980s and a 13p tin of Del Monte carrots.
Helen Bull, the trust's partnership and fundraising manager, said: “Especially at Harvest time people empty their cupboards of food they no longer need.
“It's out of a generous heart but I just think they don't think and don't necessarily look at the dates.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: Athena Picture Agency Ltd)
“It would be great if anybody wants to give us lots of money for it.
“It should probably be in a museum.”
The tin dates back to before decimalisation in 1971 – making it at least 46 years old.
Makers Heinz tweeted: “Wow! That soup was discontinued over 35 years ago. Should be in a museum rather than a food bank!”
Helen said the donation was made by an unknown person but came as part of a series of donations from schools and churches as part of Harvest Festival donations.
Unfortunately staff regularly find out of date food.
Helen said: “Sometimes we do end up throwing quite a lot of food out. We get an awful lot of out-of-date food.”
They said they plan to keep the tins in the office and will get a “smile” out of them.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
Helen added: “We will certainly keep them. It might remind people to give us in-date food.”
The food bank costs between £80,000 and £100,000 to keep going each year and rely solely on donations.
It is currently short of tinned tomatoes, sponge cake, coffee, biscuits and custard.
They give people a “balanced” diet in their food packages but need sweet food to give people who have gone without food some quick energy.
To find out where you can make a donation in Cardiff visit cardiff.foodbank.org.uk/give-help/donate-food
CLOSE Lady Vols coach Holly Warlick lauds team's effort and composure in win over Texas Dan Fleser
Tennessee guard Jaime Nared (31) leads their team in prayer after an 82-75 win against Texas on Sunday at Thompson-Boling Arena. (Photo: Brianna Paciorka/News Sentinel)
As good as Tennessee's victory over No. 4 Texas might look on its resume, the nature of Sunday afternoon's victory might be even more significant.
Tennessee's 82-75 win at Thompson-Boling Arena was more about toughness than talent. Not that either team is bereft of talent, though you sometimes couldn't tell it at the offensive end.
More: UT Lady Vols, Jaime Nared hang on to win over Texas
You need both talent and toughness to negotiate an NCAA tournament bracket in postseason play. And this December game had a March feel to it.
“We knew Texas was a tough team, but we're tough, too,” UT's Jaime Nared said. “We showed how gritty we were.”
The Lady Vols were gritty enough to maintain their grip after taking the lead in the opening minutes. Texas tied the score at 29 early in the third quarter but never led.
Anytime the Longhorns threatened to seize the momentum, Tennessee refused to yield.
Sometimes veterans like Nared or Mercedes Russell made pivotal plays. At other times, newcomers Evina Westbrook, Anastasia Hayes and Cheridene Green turned back Texas.
“This is the toughest team I've been with as a head coach,” Tennessee coach Holly Warlick said. “They don't like to lose. They don't appear to let things bother them.”
That might have been as significant as UT's toughness. Recent, more-experienced Tennessee teams haven't maintained their poise as well as this one when the game was hanging in the balance.
“We talked before the game about the pressure was on Texas,” Warlick said. “They're two in the country (in AP poll). They're a veteran group. I didn't feel one bit of pressure from our kids.”
But don't get the wrong idea. Even in an underdog's role, Tennessee had something to lose. Losing before a large, loud home crowd surely would have eroded some of the goodwill the 13th-ranked Lady Vols had built in a 9-0 start.
Instead, this victory might give Tennessee more reason to be optimistic about the rest of the season than any of its previous nine wins did.
“Tennessee looked like a hungry team, and a team that wanted to win badly on its home court,” Texas coach Karen Aston said.
Tennessee also looked like a unified team.
Last season, the Lady Vols too often didn't look as though they even liked playing together. They were more apt to turn off their home crowd than rally its support.
The crowd was behind this team from the get-go, and you could tell how much it appreciated the effort. Tennessee committed 18 turnovers and made only 27.9 percent of its first-half field-goal attempts. But its intensity never waned.
“Anytime when teams are playing each other, it's going to be intense,” Nared said. “We did a good job of playing together, not getting frustrated.”
The Lady Vols demonstrated their stamina, too. Warlick used only seven players, compared to Texas' nine. Nared, who had a game-high 23 points, played the entire game, and Westbrook, who had 15 points, played 37 minutes.
Aston was referring to their team when they said, “Ultimately, if you're trying to win championships, you will have games where the ball doesn't go in the basket. If the shots don't go in, we have to buckle down and do the dirty stuff.”
Tennessee did just that against the No. 4-ranked team in the country.
Reach John Adams at 865-342-6284 or john.adams@knoxnews.com and on Twitter @johnadamskns.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Research by a Cambridge academic at the heart of the Facebook user data scandal was rejected by the university over ethical conerns.
Dr Aleksandr Kogan is the creator of an app that harvested the personal data of millions of people in a commercial project with Cambridge Analytica.
The data analytics firm is accused of using people's Facebook profiles without permission to influence elections in the US.
The Guardian newspaper today (April 24) revealed that Dr Kogan had a 2015 proposal rejected by Cambridge University's ethics panel.
The proposal involved using the personal data from 250,000 Facebook users and their 54 million friends already gathered through a personality quiz app in the deal with SCL, the parent company of Cambridge Analytica.
Dr Kogan wanted to investigate how Facebook likes to relate to people's "personality traits, socioeconomic status and physical environments".
But the ethics panel said the proposal was "worrisome" and Facebook's approach to consent fell "far below the ethical expectations of the university".
In testimony to the US Congress earlier this month, Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, suggested that the university's research controls did not meet their company's own standards.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Cambridge Analytica boss accused of lying
The release of the university documents comes as Dr Kogan appeared before MPs in Parliament today.
They were being questioned as part of the digital, culture, media and sport select committee's inquiry into fake news.
Dr Kogan said Alexander Nix, the former chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, had lied in their earlier testimony to the committee.
They labelled Mr Nix's account of the pair working together as a "total fabrication".
Dr Kogan also insisted that they did not break the terms and conditions of Facebook in they way they gathered data and shared it with SCL.
"For you to break a policy it has to exist," they said, adding "I'd agree my actions were inconsistent with the language of this document, but that's slightly different."
Instead, they insisted that Facebook's advertising platform is already sufficient.
"You just don't need this data to do that. Facebook gives you everything available to do that."
Asked what the value of the work they did for SCL was, Dr Kogan replied: "Based on what we know now, nothing."
Data did not influence voter behaviour
(Image: Facebook)
Under questioning by MPs Dr Kogan said the information that their company Global Science Research collected could not have been used to influence voters.
They said the personality scores they gave to Cambridge Analytica were "highly inaccurate" and "made little sense" for political advertising.
"The idea that this data is accurate, I would say, is scientifically ridiculous. The idea that even if you had a lot more data you could make it super accurate is also pretty silly," they said.
Dr Kogan insisted that Facebook's tools were capable of helping campaign groups send targeted advertising without the need for more specific information about people's personalities.
Cambridge Analytica executives and whistleblowers have previously insisted on the value and effectiveness of their work.
In secret filming by Channel 4 News released in March, Cambridge Analytica executives boasted about profiling voters to help politicians target them with social media adverts.
Former Cambridge Analytica employees Christopher Wylie and Brittany Kaiser have told the parliamentary inquiry the company helped Donald Trump and Ted Cruz's 2016 election campaigns, as well as the Brexit campaign group Leave.EU.
Leave.EU denies the claims but pro-Brexit groups Vote Leave and BeLeave, as well as the DUP and Veterans for Britain, spent large portions of their campaign budgets with Aggregate IQ, a company linked to Cambridge Analytica which carries out similar work.
Facebook's chief technical officer, Mike Schroepfer, will give evidence to the inquiry on Thursday (April 26)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry and new wife Meghan Markle are sending back hundreds of wedding gifts thought to be worth more than £7m.
Following strict palace guidelines, royal aides are trying to stop companies from using the new Duke and Duchess in a bid to get publicity.
Kensington Palace on receiving freebies from businesses say: “When gifts are accepted, the consent of the Member of the Royal Family should be contingent upon the enterprise undertaking not to exploit the gift for commercial purposes.”
According to the Express , one company who sent the couple a gift is Bags of Love.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It makes personalised swimwear and reportedly sent Prince Harry and Meghan a matching bikini and swimming trunk combo.
Kensington Palace's guidelines state: “Gifts offered by private individuals living in the UK not personally known to the Member of the Royal Family should be refused where there are concerns about the propriety or motives of the donor or the gift itself.”
The newlyweds specifically requested well-wishers did not send gifts and instead donate to a list of chosen charities that champion issues that are close to their hearts.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a statement on the couple's wedding day to say the country would donate £29,000 to a youth charity called Jumpstart.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Arden told reporters that on behalf of the country, New Zealand was making a £2,500 donation to a charity the supports children and families of prisoners called Pillars.
The Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the country will make a donation to the Invictus Games charity, which is hosted in Sydney this year.
Kensington Palace has not revealed the total amount of money raised in donations.
(Yonhap)
A tour at the end of the month offers Seoulites the chance to get away from the city and immerse themselves in Korea's ceramic traditions.The Royal Asiatic Society is organizing a trip to the annual Tea Bowl Festival held in the fortress town of Mungyeong, North Gyeongsang Province, to celebrate Korea's ceramic heritage and tea culture.Potters from Korea and overseas gather for a massive exhibition in the folk village at the base of the fortress, and the RASKB tour, the folk village and the festival. Participants will also get to try their hand at some pottery creation.The excursion will include a walk along the fortress, which guards the northern edge of the Sobaek Mountains on the road to Seoul from Busan.The trip runs on April 29 from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. including travel time from Seoul. The price varies with the number of participants. See raskb.com for more information and reservations.(paulkerry@heraldcorp.com)
© Rebecca Gelernter
© Tae-Yoon Park; Rebecca Gelernter
© Jakob Vinther
The discovery of not just one, but 15 fossilized brains from a 520-million-year-old marine predator is helping scientists understand how ancient brains evolved into the complex command centers they are today.The creature in question, Kerygmachela kierkegaardi - a bizarre, oval-shaped water beast that had two long appendages on its head, 11 swimming flaps on each side and a skinny tail - isn't new to science, but its brain is, said study co-lead researcher Jakob Vinther, a United Kingdom-based paleontologist.The animal would have been up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) long, based on the findings. And unlike the human brain, which is divided into three segments, the fossilized brain of this predator was simple, with just a single segment. This means that the brain was less complex than the three-segmented brains seen in the creature's distant, arthropod relatives, such as spiders, lobsters and butterflies, Vinther said.This one-segmented brain finding is significant, and not just because it's one of the oldest fossilized brains on record. Until now, many researchers thought that the common ancestor of all vertebrates and arthropods had a three-segmented brain, Vinther said. But K. kierkegaardi's simple brainshows that this is not the case.Despite its simplicity, K. kierkegaardi's brain helped the predator survive during the Cambrian explosion, an event that began more than 540 million years ago when a burst of life emerged on Earth. The now-extinct creature used its 11 pairs of flaps to swim through the water, hunting for prey. An anatomical analysis showed that K. kierkegaardi's brain innervated the creature's large eyes and the frontal appendages it used to grasp its tasty victims, the researchers said.These sizable eyes also shed light on arthropod evolution, said Vinther and study co-lead researcher Tae-Yoon Park, a paleontologist at the Korea Polar Research Institute."[Its eyes] form an intermediate step between more-simple eyes in [modern] distant relatives, such as velvet worms and water bears [also called tardigrades ], and the very, very complex eyes of arthropods," which sometimes sit on the end of eyestalks, Vinther said.The researchers found the K. kierkegaardi fossils in the Buen Formation of Sirius Passet, North Greenland, in 2011 and 2016. These are the first-known fossilized brains found at this site, and they show that "fossil brains and nervous systems are much more commonplace than hitherto thought," Vinther said.The study was published online March 9 in the journal Nature Communications Laura Geggel is a senior writer for Live Science covering general science, including the environment and amazing animals. They have written for The New York Times, Scholastic, Popular Science and Spectrum, a site covering autism research. Laura grew up in Seattle and studied English literature and psychology at Washington University in St. Louis before completing their graduate degree in science writing at NYU. When not writing, you'll find Laura playing Ultimate Frisbee. Follow Laura on Google+
Happy 45th Birthday to our Florida Panther Jaromir Jagr.
Jaromir played for the Philadelphia Flyers… New York Rangers… Pittsburgh Penguins…. Washington Capitols … then played in Europe for 3 years came back to the NHL and now he's one of our Florida Panthers.
Last year they joined Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe as the only players with over 750 GOALS SCORED. : )
He's a cutie! and still single too. : )
BALTIMORE — The Baltimore Orioles have claimed utility infielder Jace Peterson after they were placed on waivers by the New York Yankees.
Peterson, a left-handed hitter, is expected to report Wednesday.
They provide depth to an infield that is without injured second baseman Jonathan Schoop and could potentially lose Tim Beckham, who left Monday's game against Cleveland with a groin injury.
The 27-year-old Peterson played in three games with the Yankees this season, going 3 for 10 with a walk.
Ministry of Unification`s spokesperson Baik Tae-hyun (Yonhap)
Key North Korean ambassadors overseas are currently back in Pyongyang for a joint meeting, officials here said Monday, as the communist country is drawing unprecedentedly intense condemnation for its nuclear and missile programs from the international community."North Korea seems to be hosting what appears to be a meeting of foreign diplomatic missions' chiefs after calling its ambassadors to major countries back to Pyongyang," a government official told Yonhap News Agency.The ongoing meeting reportedly includes Amb. Ji Jae-ryong, Amb. Ja Song-nam and Amb. Kim Hyong-jun, North Korea's top envoys to China, the United Nations and Russia, respectively.But how many more ambassadors are participating in the meeting is unclear, the official said.The Ministry of Unification's spokesperson Baik Tae-hyun said in a press briefing that the meeting may be part of North Korea's regular gathering of ambassadors."North Korea held the 43rd ambassadors' meeting in July 2015 and (the latest meeting) seems to be in line with that," according to the spokesperson.Still, the top envoys' meeting may deal with the difficult international circumstance the country is currently handling after its two recent tests of what it called intercontinental ballistic missiles that could reach the mainland United States.The meeting may also be linked with the country's purported preparations for further military provocations, possibly a nuclear test or more missile launches, as the country has warned more action. (Yonhap)
A city centre road is blocked this afternoon following a crash involving a car and a motorbike.
Victoria Street is partially blocked near to Tesco Express in Temple Meads.
Ambulance crews are at the scene of the crash which happened at around 12.15pm.
As a result traffic remains very slow at Counterslip and on surrounding routes.
Stay ahead of all today's traffic news with our daily live blog.
There will be no shortage of food vans at the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Community Fair this weekend, but one truck will be taking a different approach.
While most vans provide lunch for paying customers, volunteers at Foodbank Kalgoorlie's truck will be calling on the community to donate non-perishable goods for families in need.
As part of a new initiative this year, Foodbank Kalgoorlie will park its truck in the fairgrounds, hoping to fill it with 500kg worth of long-life food during the two-day fair.
Foodbank Kalgoorlie manager Sandy King said it was a great initiative that would go a long way towards helping families ahead of the school holidays.
“Basically people can just put non-perishable food in the truck themselves and we are going to see how much we can get,” they said.
Kalgoorlie-Boulder Community Fair's Glenys Woodland and Foodbank Kalgoorlie manager Sandy King. Picture: Kelsey Reid / Kalgoorlie Miner
“People know more about Foodbank now, which is great, so hopefully when they come down to the fair they can bring some food along with them.
“With school holidays coming up we need a lot more food for families who might be going away.”
Fair committee member Esther Roadnight said if successful, the initiative could become a tradition.
“We put it to the committee last week and they said ‘yes',” they said.
“We are doing it as a promotional tool for Foodbank, because they have had a pretty rough trot over the last year.
“We are quite excited about it.
“We think it's a great innovation and a wonderful idea.”
WARE -- Selectmen at Tuesday's meeting unanimously voted to promote Police Officer Christopher Adams to the rank of sergeant after the chief informed them they earned the highest score on the civil service examination.
The board provisionally appointed Adams to the higher rank in November, pending the results of the civil service testing.
Adams joined the Ware Police Department in 1999. They were among three finalists for the chief's position.
Selectmen in July appointed then-Sgt. Shawn Crevier as chief. Adams was promoted to fill the vacancy created by Crevier's promotion.
In other business at Tuesday's meeting, the chief urged residents to be vigilant, telling selectmen two robberies occurred recently.
They said one involved the theft of a Doane Road homeowner's 9-mm handgun. Creivier said the other robbery took place at a Pinecrest Circle residence. Both happened during the day.
The chief asked for the public's help to solve the crimes: "If you hear something, say something," they said.
F1 Raceweek: Hamilton eyes home race history - British GP in numbers
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 1 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:08 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton
Lewis Hamilton will be eyeing another record at the British Grand Prix, as their Mercedes team look to bounce back from a double retirement in Austria.
If Hamilton wins their home race, they will become the driver with the most wins on British soil with six.
The Briton lies a point behind rival Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship, but they have dominated at Silverstone and will hope to gain a fifth win in a row this weekend.
Here we look at some of the best Opta stats surrounding Sunday's race.
5 - Mercedes have taken pole position in the last five British Grands Prix. Only Williams-Renault (7 between 1991 and 1997) have achieved more.
26 - The British GP has seen the most British driver victories in F1 history.
51 - Sebastian Vettel is one Grand Prix win away from moving level with Alain Prost for the third-most race victories in F1 history, behind only Michael Schumacher (91) and Hamilton (65)
2 - Red Bull could win back-to-back F1 races for the first time since 2014 (Daniel Ricciardo, Hungary and Belgium).
69 - The British Grand Prix is set to become the most competed race in F1 history, beating the Italian Grand Prix (68).
7 - Ferrari are the team with the most wins (16) and poles (15) in Great Britain, but they have failed to win the race since 2011 and failed to take pole since 2012.
9 - Vettel is the only driver to register points in every race this year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father at their "wits end" strangled their teenage daughter after being unable to cope with their severe anxiety problems.
Richard Kray felt they could no longer let their daughter Olivia, 19 and known as Livvy suffer with their mental health problems when they killed them
They admitted they just "blacked out" but knew what they were doing before they lay in wait and tried to do the same to their partner and Olivia's mother Damyantee "Sheila" Cowan.
But they managed to escape and fled to a police station where Kray followed them and confessed.
(Image: BBC)
The 64-year-old denied murder but admitted the manslaughter by diminished responsibility of Olivia and the attempted murder of their partner Ms Cowan.
Today Judge Philip Statman sitting at Maidstone Crown Court indicated they would pass a "hybrid" order to allow Kray to be treated in hospital under the Mental Health Act before being transferred to prison.
Prosecutor Simon Taylor told the court Kray had made efforts to help and care for their daughter.
Doctors said Olivia's anxiety was "severe, always needing their father with them whenever they wanted to go out."
Mr Taylor added: "Mr Kray and Sheila had reached the end of their tether with her."
Last March they told Olivia's carers they could no longer cope with their behaviour and the next month was signed off sick from work with exhaustion because of Olivia's high dependency on him.
For example last April Olivia called the Community Health Trust nine times and the police once because their father had left them for a break, the court heard.
Then on May 11 and 12 they made eight calls to the police and two to the trust asking where their dad was.
Mr Taylor said: "It is clear the pressure was taking its toll on Mr Kray."
(Image: BBC)
Olivia's demanding behaviour continued and Kray's "ability to cope with their daughter's illness was rapidly diminishing."
Then in July as the three returned from the Bluewater shopping complex Kray, while being badgered by their daughter, said: "Let's crash the car. Let's all be killed together."
Just three days later Kray told the mother of Olivia's friend: "You know what, I've even thought about killing the pair of them.
"Obviously, I wouldn't. I love her, she's my daughter. It's my bloody fault. I've let it go on too long."
Then three days after the comments Kray killed Olivia inside the caravan they lived in at Westlands Caravan Park in Herne Bay on July 21
After strangling Olivia they went to Ms Cowan's home and waited for them to come home before trying to strangle them too as they cried out to see their daughter.
Ms Cowan managed to kick out and escape and when Kray arrived at the police station, they said: "You can arrest me. I've killed them
"Yeah, yeah, in Herne and I came round to kill Sheila as well, but they were too strong for me and I couldn't do it - and that's the top and bottom of it.
"I'm just at my wit's end with them and everything and my mental health problems, and disturbing the neighbours honestly.
"We've had months and months and months of mental health problems with my daughter and Sheila, and it just comes to a head and I couldn't stand it any more, and I just did it.
"And I come round here as cold as you like to do it to them as well, and I couldn't."
After their arrest, they replied: "I'm guilty. I couldn't let them suffer any more, so I just, I know it sounds callous, but I couldn't think of anything else to do.
"I'm at my wit's end for months and months. I know it's no excuse.
"I just blacked out. I knew what I was doing."
They told the custody sergeant: "I want to die."
Judge Statman said Kray worked with children who had difficulties and it was not a case where Olivia failed to get treatment and they were keen for them to have therapy .
"I would not want it thought the medical services failed them in any way."
In mitigation barrister Oliver Saxby QC said: "He is someone with regret and remorse for what they have done.
"A sentence of some length is inevitable."
The judge said they would think "long and hard" over the weekend and pass sentence on Monday.
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Lexie Brown scored 32 points, Haley Gorecki added a career-high 20 and No. 14 Duke cruised to a 101-30 win over Winthrop on Sunday.
Brown was 14 of 22 from the field, two more field goals than the Eagles had (12 of 46). Gorecki went 7 of 11, including 5 of 7 behind the arc for the Blue Devils (8-2), who shot 61 percent for the game (42 of 69).
Rebecca Greenwell, who is two 3-pointers shy of setting the Duke record with 253, did not suit up with knee pain that has them listed as day-to-day. They went 0-7 behind the arc in their last two games, only the second time in their career they went without a 3 in back-to-back games.
Kayla Brown had 12 points for Winthrop (1-8), who had 28 turnovers that Duke cashed in for 45 points.
Duke closed out the first quarter with a 14-2 run to lead 28-5 and ended the first half on a 17-2 run to make it 52-12, its highest-scoring half of the season and reached 100 points for the first time.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166507 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0097 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.25 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 10 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ten years ago Michael Shenton played and scored in a Grand Final for Castleford in front of a packed house with everything on the line.
But rather than Saturday's stage of Old Trafford, this was a National League One promotion decider at Headingley, where 20,814 saw the Tigers overwhelm Widnes 42-10.
Shenton is the only survivor from that crucial night in Castleford's history - in fact they had played in the same game in 2005 as well during a yo-yo period for the club.
The Tigers stand 80 minutes from the first top flight title in their 91-year history - and local lad Shenton will lead them out at the aptly named Theatre of Dreams.
The 31-year-old said: “We had a couple of those Grand Final promotion games and the pressure in them is incredible.
(Image: PA)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
“I was a bit younger then, and I can only imagine how the senior players felt then with the responsibility of the team getting promoted being on their shoulders.
“It was similar to now in that all your hard work can come undone on one night - you have to turn up and get the job done.
“That gave me a taste of what it's like to be successful.
“I remember thinking in 2007 how incredible it would be to win something at the top level, a major trophy, and how sensational it would be for the town.
“It's different to one of the big clubs winning it for Cas - it would be unique being the first team in the club's history to do it, and rugby league is such a big part of this town.
(Image: Action Plus)
“To be able to do that would be fantastic.”
Standing in their way are a Leeds Rhinos side that Shenton will not underestimate despite the record between the clubs this season.
They added: “We've beaten them four times but this is a totally different challenge.
“It's hard to do a game plan on Leeds because they play a lot off-the-cuff.
“But whoever we were going to face, one of the best things we've done this year is focus on ourselves and the job that we need to do.”
UNLIKE last year, there were smaller crowds at the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) Cebu City North yesterday, the last day for the filing of income tax returns.
One of those at the agency was Mich Anthony Abellana, a checker for a local retail chain based in Cebu City.
It was their first time to file their income tax return. The 25-year-old sought assistance from the BIR employees, even security guards, in filing their ITR.
“Sa una man gud, naanad mi nga ang among HR (human resource) ang mo-file para namo, karon nga bag-o na ang akong employer, kami na mismo mga trabahante ang mo-file (Before, our human resource department filed the ITRs for us. Now, I have a new employer and we have to file this ourselves),” they told SunStar Cebu.
Before arriving at the BIR around noon yesterday, they already brought with them the requirements their company told them to bring for filing, and later on relied on the instructions of the BIR employees on how to go about the process.
They knew April 17 was the deadline for ITR filing. They said they did not have much time to go to the BIR months ahead of the deadline since they were busy and preoccupied with work.
“Sayon ra man diay, dali ra kay gitabangan man ko nila (BIR employees) unsaon (It's easy because the BIR employees helped out),” they said, as they were waiting for their turn to be called and serviced by the revenue officers around 2 p.m. yesterday.
BIR officials also observed fewer taxpayers rushing to the revenue offices this year. Security guards at BIR Cebu City North said there were more taxpayers who filed before the Holy Week.
BIR-13 Assistant Director Aynie Mandayojan-Dizon said that although there are still those who go to BIR to file their ITR manually, they said more taxpayers prefer to do it online through the electronic filing and payment system (eFPS).
Through the online system, taxpayers fill out the eBIR Forms in filing their tax returns. Taxpayers will then receive a system-generated notification email and filing reference number, which is submitted to the authorized agent bank for payment.
North Korea's submarine-launched ballistic missile could strike the entirety of South Korea when armed with a 1-ton nuclear warhead, foreign missile experts said recently.
The claim was made in a report, titled the “North Korean Ballistic Missile Program,” released in the December edition of the Korea Observer published by the Institute of Korean Studies (IKS).
Theodore A. Postol, an emeritus professor at MIT, and Markus Schiller, an aerospace engineer at Munich-based ST Analytics, said there are many uncertainties in our current knowledge of the KN-11 system, but there is enough known to provide at least a lower bound estimate of its capabilities.
The KN-11 SLBM is capable of carrying a 1.5-ton warhead nearly 450 kilometers or a 1-ton warhead to 600 km or more. It could have a range of 800 km with a 1-ton warhead though more details are necessary to finalize the maximum range of the long-range missile, the IKS report said.
“This means that when the KN-11 is eventually deployed on diesel-electric submarines, it will almost certainly have the payload and range to carry a heavy first-generation nuclear warhead designed for ballistic missile delivery from large areas of ocean,” it said.
Missile defenses like the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense that are designed to intercept incoming missiles from a relatively well-defined direction will not be able to readily engage such an “all azimuth” SLBM, the experts said.
North Korea successfully conducted an SLBM test in August, sending the missile some 500 kilometers over the East Sea, the greatest distance the communist nation has achieved since it began SLBM tests last year. Two other tests were conducted in April and July that ended in failure.
In a separate paper titled “North Korea's Stockpiles of Fissile Material,” Siegfried S. Hecker, a senior fellow at the Center of International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University, said the North is rapidly increasing the size and sophistication of its nuclear arsenal after conducting five nuclear tests in the past decade.
“Increased sophistication, particularly the ability to miniaturize nuclear devices, requires more nuclear tests. The size of the arsenal is limited primarily by the stockpile of fissile material -- plutonium and highly enriched uranium (HEC),” Hecker said.
Pyongyang currently holds 20-40 kilograms of weapons-grade plutonium, sufficient for the manufacture of four to eight plutonium bombs. It is expected to have an additional 6 kg of plutonium each year, they said. (Yonhap)
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
Photo: Courtesy Capitol Nashville
By Scott T. Sterling
For anyone who's ever said “I like beer,” this Michelob ULTRA Super Bowl commercial's for you.
Related: Jon Pardi's ‘Dirt on My Boots' Gets Classic Little Kid Remix
The beer company's new Super Bowl spot features Jon Pardi's version of Tom T. Hall's 1975 hit, “I Like Beer,” which peaked at No. 4 on the U.S. country singles chart back in the day.
“This past year has been filled with so many milestones and bucket list items, and when Michelob Ultra reached out with an opportunity to be part of this Super Bowl commercial, I was all in,” Pardi raved in a press statement. “It was such a fun experience to record this version of the song and it's awesome to be a part of it.”
While Pardi doesn't appear in the ad, there are cameos from actor Chris Pratt, golfer Brooks Koepka, surfer Kelly Slater and 2017 NYC Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan.
Watch the new “I Like Beer” ad ahead of the big game below:
"There were never any problems from it (in Blair)...They were considered an asset to the neighbourhood. And I think that's what's going to happen here in the future."
So 18 years of waiting for a zone change application to be approved — on a property the Hindu Society has held for a new temple since 2000 — is over.
"18 years is a long time," said Mayor Doug Craig, pondering the long-term ramifications if the temple was rejected.
"What do you do with this land? You sterilize it if, in fact, this doesn't go ahead. And then, what do you do?"
So the temple is going ahead, boosting Hindu Society spirits and pitching a report by senior city planner Matthew Blevins into the trash.
Blevins had become a focus for frustration felt by congregation members. A neighbourhood meeting on temple plans two months ago turned heated. Some congregation members, Persaud said, began to "speculate" Blevins was racist. Persaud said they and their executive do not share that opinion.
"When people don't get what they want, they grasp at things sometimes that are not called for," Persaud said of how their congregation, learning of staff's rejection, felt at that May public meeting.
"The meeting ended abruptly with Matthew's boss saying, 'Lets end the meeting.' No forewarning. And it was because of the behaviour of our congregation. But they didn't understand the frustration from the congregation. I myself was getting frustrated."
During Tuesday's meeting, city solicitor Kelly Yerxa said the city had received written correspondence accusing staff of being racist in the handling of this application. Yerxa spoke of staff's role.
"They're not giving personal opinions, they're giving professional opinions based on planning documentation that they are required to consider," Yerxa said.
Coun. Mike Mann praised Blevins for doing their job with "integrity, honesty and true conviction." Blevins declined to comment after Tuesday's vote. But they and Persaud shook hands and talked briefly.
The next address for the temple will be 0 Royal Oak Road.
Not everyone will be pleased. Toyota may fear a spike in noise, odour and dust complaints somewhere down the line, even if the temple doesn't plan to complain. A few of the area homeowners declined to comment after Tuesday's vote. Dan Weinhardt pointed back to their comments to council.
"This is not compatible with us residents here," said Weinhardt, who lives on Royal Oak Road with four generations of their family.
"For us to look out our front yard, and see a parking lot with lights...The lot itself slopes up away from us. So the building that is already nine metres high will be sitting three or four metres above that — with a retaining wall facing our front yard. That's what we'll be looking at."
Weinhardt can always take up any concerns with Persaud himself. The two were on the same golf team at a charity tournament before they found out they were on opposite sides of a political sand trap.
"No matter how things turn out, we'll still play golf together," Weinhardt told Persaud after the meeting Tuesday.
"Let's set something up."
jhicks@therecord.com
jhicks@therecord.com
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
BOSTON -- It's been an odd couple of weeks for Boston Bruins wing David Pastrnak.
Perhaps frustrating is the better word -- as the 21-year-old forward has gone from torching the Toronto Maple Leafs' defense to logging zeroes on the scoresheet.
During Boston's three wins this series, Pastrnak has been a force on Boston's top line -- tallying 11 points, including tying a Bruins franchise record for most points in a single playoff game with six during a 7-3 rout in Game 2.
But in the Bruins' three losses, Pastrnak and the rest of Boston's top line of Patrice Bergeron and Brad Marchand have yet to register a point.
It hasn't been due to a lack of effort on Pastrnak's part -- with the sniper firing 10 shots on goal against Frederik Andersen in Game 5 at home. During Game 6, five of Pastrnak's shots were blocked, with only one reaching Andersen.
He's been snakebit for the last couple of games, but Pastrnak isn't planning on deviating from their gameplan at all ahead of Game 7.
"I'm not going to change anything," Pastrnak said when asked of making adjustments. "I keep shooting and keep getting chances. The goalie makes saves. I think that's a pretty stupid question."
While their top line hasn't produced as of late, Bruins head coach Bruce Cassidy said that the chances have been for the trio -- with frustration perhaps being a factor in their recent lack of production.
"I thought Pasta went in the previous game and made a hell of a play up there for a 2-on-1 to Marchy," Cassidy said. "They took that away. So the shot was available -- they just missed the net. I don't know what to say on that, other than they missed the net.
"Maybe you try to squeeze one in there if the goalie starts making saves. I think that's human nature. You try to go a little too fine instead of just getting it on net. Only they can answer that. I trust those guys, they're good offensive players."
So, is it frustration on Pastrnak's end?
"No," they said. "The good thing is that we were still getting chances. Obviously, they wouldn't go in the last two games. Hopefully they will go in tomorrow. Hopefully we're getting the chances and everything will be alright."
Pastrnak echoed a thought shared by many in the Bruins locker room Tuesday morning. The chances have been there for the Black and Gold all series long. Sooner or later, they're going to bury them.
"It's fun," Pastrnak said of Game 7. "That's what it is about -- playing in the playoffs. Game 7, especially at home, it's going to be a lot of fun and it will be exciting. ...I don't feel any pressure. Obv we know we are a good team. We know how to play and we just need to find a way to do it right away."
Melting snow and warming temps are always a sure sign that spring is on it's way.
But with the return of spring, comes the return of severe weather; that's where the National Weather Services comes into play.
The National Weather Service held a Skywarn Spotter Training class Monday evening, here in Rochester.
Hundreds of people showed up. That group included amateur radio operators, law enforcement, fire department and EMT personnel, along with members of the general public.
Topics in Monday's training included: what kinds of clouds to look for, different types of severe weather, and how to communicate that information to the NWS.
However, the most important thing during severe weather is safety.
"We do try to emphasize, at least a little bit, of the dangers out there -- of the lightning, the hail, and the wind risk," said Todd Shea, NWS Warning Coordination Meteorologist. "While we certainly appreciate the information we get from spotters, we don't want them to put themselves in harms way or put themselves in danger when we are trying to protect life and property."
The Weather Service encourages their spotters to attend a training class at least every other year.
In case you missed Monday's training, click here to see the schedule of other training sessions.
For a look at the material used to train storm spotters, click here.
The Eagles, from left, Timothy B. Schmit, Bernie Leadon, Glenn Frey and Joe Walsh perform at Madison Square Garden on Friday, Nov. 8, 2013 in New York. (Source: Associated Press)
The Eagles are heading out on tour with a son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for their late father.
The band announced Monday that it will visit Greensboro, North Carolina; Atlanta; Louisville, Kentucky; and Detroit in October. The shows will follow a Sept. 30 date with The Doobie Brothers in Seattle.
The Eagles played concerts in Los Angeles and New York last month for their first shows since Frey died at the age of 67 in January 2016.
Their son Deacon filled in on guitar and vocals at the concerts and will join the band on tour in the fall.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
A Kelowna mother and their son were splattered in falling feces as it covered their car and came through the sunroof
A Kelowna woman has conjunctivitis in both eyes, a hefty car detailing bill to pay and a lot of anger after being splattered with feces that fell from the sky.
Susan Allan was in the car with their son in the early afternoon of May 9. They were stopped at the street lights on Spall Road and Bernard Avenue when an unwelcome deluge covered their car and came through the open sunroof.
“We were parked at the lights when the ‘sky poop' starting falling,” said Allan. “It got all over my car, it got all over (me) and got on my son, inside my vehicle. It was definitely falling from the sky.”
When they looked up they saw the bottom of an airplane as it flew overhead.
“It was just very wet and smelled terrible. I can't really describe the feeling … it was almost like chunks of mud falling from the sky hitting you in the face,” said Allan.
“My son said that the sensation they got was a cold feeling as it hit their face, then the smell was overwhelming for them and they almost got sick as it was hitting theirs face.”
They got out of their car and a woman nearby pointed the plane out to them.
“I mean we were covered in it, our vehicle and their vehicle was also hit with the same poop,” said Allan.
That “sky poop” sent Allan to their doctor's office out of fear of infection or catching something worse. Them doctor's note shows that they were diagnosed with conjunctivitis in both eyes as a result of “…being inundated with sewerage from an overhead plane, while driving their car.”
Image: Contributed by Susan Allan
Transport Canada states that it takes all reports of possible debris coming from aircraft very seriously.
“Transport Canada is aware of the incident you describe and we are looking into it,” said spokesperson Daniel Savoie
“Each air operator is responsible for ensuring that their aircraft operate safely and in compliance with the Canadian Aviation Regulations. Section 602.23, ‘Dropping of Objects', states “No person shall create a hazard to persons or property on the surface by dropping an object from an aircraft in flight.” Any operator found to be in contravention of the Canadian Aviation Regulations will be subject to enforcement action under Transport Canada's mandate.”
As for Allan, they said they waited until this week to alert the media as they have hoped the airport would make it right, but after weeks of no reply they reached out to the media.
“I reported it to them hoping the airport would deal with me without having to go through the news to stop the embarrassment for both of us, but it didn't turn out that way so I had to go to the news.”
They claim they have been getting mixed messaging from authorities
“I was told that there were three planes that flew over that area at that time, then I was told that there was one plane that flew over that area at that time and now all of a sudden no plane flew over the area at that time,” said Allan. “I believe that the airport should take responsibility for what happened to me and my son, maybe clean out my car and compensate for the infection that I got in my eyes.
“I believe that they owe me an apology for both making me feel like I did something wrong by reporting it, and for it happening in the first place.”
The Kelowna International Airport has not yet replied to a request for comment.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Keith Banks
WHERE They Rent Wyandanch Village
Banks, 53, says they heard about the Wyandanch Village project several years ago, and decided to inquire about renting after their company relocated them from Port Jefferson to Melville. “With work, I sometimes go into the city and I needed something more convenient to the train station,” Banks says. “I can literally roll out of bed and be on the platform.”
Banks' parents used to own a beauty supply store, salon and record store in the footprint of the development, and Banks recently opened a business, Sir Shave, on the lower level of the 91-unit complex.
HOW They FOUND IT Banks, who had been renting an apartment at a friend's home in Blue Point, called the property manager after the project broke ground in 2015, and they called when a unit was available to rent. They currently pay $1,625 a month for a one-bedroom apartment.
Nicolette Gebhardt
Get the Real Estate newsletter! The best LI real estate news in your inbox weekly. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
WHERE They Rent The Woolworth Apartments, Riverhead
Gebhardt, 25, works as a personal trainer for a gym in Cutchogue and the Maximus gym on the ground floor of their building, as well as a sales associate at Lululemon at the Tanger Outlets in Riverhead. “I didn't want to rent from someone above their garage,” Gebhardt says.
HOW They FOUND IT The Woolworth Building — which has 19 units that are considered affordable to those making between 50 percent and 80 percent of the Nassau-Suffolk median income (which varies based on family size) — had been advertising. Gebhardt reached out to the Long Island Housing Partnership, which processed their application. Within two weeks of applying for an apartment, they moved in, and pays $1,350 a month for a one-bedroom unit.
Berni and Nick Merna
WHERE THEY RENT A house in East Rockaway
Berni, 28 and Nick, 30, met at the University of California, Irvine, and relocated from California to Long Island almost four years ago after Nick got a job as an engineering professor at Hofstra. They now have a 5-month-old son, Dennis.
HOW THEY FOUND IT After Nick got the job offer, someone at the school recommended agent Lori Castoria of Laffey Real Estate. Castoria sent the couple listings to look at online and then showed them several apartments while they stayed in a hotel after moving to the East Coast. “We definitely did not want to do it ourselves, especially since we were moving across the country with no idea of the area,” Berni says. The couple moved into their one-bedroom duplex in June 2014 and currently pay $1,650 a month.
Kim Evans and Chris Rocovich
WHERE THEY RENT A two-bedroom house in Glen Cove
Evans and Rocovich, both 60 and semi-retired, are engaged. They were looking for an apartment to share. Evans moved from the Saratoga area in upstate New York and Rocovich was living in Sea Cliff.
HOW THEY FOUND IT They looked for a month with Linda Brown from Daniel Gale Sotheby's International Realty. “She was really good at taking us to things they thought we would like and setting up interview with owners,” Evans says. They note that Brown made sure the landlord removed leaves from the property before the couple moved into the two-bedroom Cape on April 1. “After we moved in, they contacted us to make sure everything was good.” They pay $2,500 a month.
Kristine Lapocca
WHERE They Rent Main Street in Huntington
Lapocca, 26, works as a colorist at the Papillon beauty salon nearby, so they can walk to work. The apartment is one of four in the building, atop a convenience store.
HOW They FOUND IT They found the one-bedroom apartment on Craigslist. The landlord was renting it out, and Lapocca got in touch with the previous tenant, who showed them the apartment. “There was no broker fee,” Lapocca says. They pay $1,500 a month.
× What's killing Big American Beer?
More Americans are putting down Buds and Coors, and instead grabbing wine, liquor, Corona, and Michelob.
Americans' changing drinking habits have been taking shape for years, but the trend accelerated in 2018. Beer shipments from US breweries are down 3.5% so far this year, according to The Beer Institute, an industry trade group.
The big four US brands — Bud Light, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Budweiser — have been hit particularly hard.
What's wrong with Big American Beer? Drinkers think it's stale, compared to the innovative new brands and creative concepts emerging from craft breweries, vineyards, and distilleries.
“Well-established category leaders are finding it challenging to maintain their relevance against a backdrop with so much innovation and new brand activity,” said Cowen analyst Vivien Azer. “You now see a much more promiscuous alcohol consumer.”
Brewpubs and ax-throwing bars
A wider selection on the shelves and growing concepts, such as brewpubs, taprooms, music festivals, ax-throwing and similar gaming bars, have created challenges for the once-dominant players. More people are also drinking when they eat out at restaurants or order food at home.
“We estimate that meals represent over 40% of total alcohol-appropriate occasions globally, though beer is underrepresented,” Anheuser-Busch InBev CEO Carlos Brito told analysts last month.
American drinkers have found that beer doesn't go with everything. Instead of choosing beer for every alcohol occasion, more people are making their decisions based on social activities, Nielsen alcohol analysts say.
Azer said drinkers today might reach for a Mimosa at brunch, but pick a glass of wine or a cocktail at happy hour, bourbon on a cold night, or a beer during a Sunday football game.
AB InBev, the distributor of Budweiser, Bud Light, and Stella Artois, is trying to reposition its beers to fit the changing drinking environment.
“Budweiser is the perfect beer for high-energy, premium party occasions,” Brito said.
Generational change
Shifts in younger drinkers' preferences have upended the industry.
Millennials have shown a tendency to experiment across categories, explained Eric Shepard, executive editor of trade publication Beer Marketer's Insights.
Fewer people today say they exclusively drink beer or wine, and category lines are blurring, with the rise of flavored malt beverages, spiked seltzers, and exotic bourbon and whiskey wines, Nielsen analysts have found.
More women are also drinking. Women favor wine and cocktails at a higher rate than men, these analysts say.
Craft brews, once the bright spot in the US beer industry, are beginning to grow at a slower pace.
“There's a certain saturation point that you reach in any kind of trend,” said Robert Ottenstein, an analyst at Evercore ISI. “Not everybody is an experimenter.”
Many drinkers have settled into their go-to craft brands after testing out the myriad lines and flavors that have cropped up in recent years.
At a Stifel analyst conference earlier this month, outgoing Craft Brew Alliance chief financial officer Joe Vanderstelt said that many craft lagers were not immune to drinkers replacing beer with wine and spirits. Craft Brew believes its Kona brand can continue to attract new drinkers.
Craft wine and liquor
Wines and liquors — roses, proseccos, bourbons, whiskeys, tequilas, and cognacs — have recently taken advantage of the same phenomenon that led to the craft explosion, said Mimi Bonnett, an analyst at consumer research firm Mintel.
“Most wines and spirits are also well positioned to leverage the nuances of ‘craft' without much effort,” they said. “They share many of the same traits: heritage, hand-craftsmanship, aged qualities, regionality, a sense of premium and, in some cases, small batch.”
Tito's Handmade Vodka has been a “blockbuster” over the past several years, Ottenstein said, while Jack Daniel's brands have led to a whiskey resurgence.
“It was really the launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey that set the category on its growth cycle,” Azer said.
Big beer slips
“Growth in wine and spirits has continued. There's no doubt about that,” MillerCoors CEO Gavin Hattersley said last month. 21- to 27-year old drinkers have drifted away from beer, Hattersley told analysts.
MillerCoors' owner Molson Coors reported a 3.8% loss of volume in the United States last quarter. The weak results drove its stock to a four-year low. AB InBev reported a 4.1% decline in North America.
The most recent quarter was another mark in the steady decline of beer's popularity and the erosion of AB InBev and Molson Coors' market share.
Since 2002, beer's share of the alcohol market has fallen to 46% from 54%, according to Cowen. Wine has jumped to 37% from 30%, while spirits have ticked up to 17% from 16%.
Corona time
Americans are still drinking beer — just better beer. The premium end of the market is growing faster than the bottom portion.
“There's a huge shift toward higher-end beer,” Ottenstein said.
Constellation Brands, the Mexican-based distributor of Corona, Modelo, and Pacifico, has capitalized on Americans' love for imported lagers. Shipments from Mexico, the largest beer exporter to the United States, were up 9.5% through May, the Commerce Department said.
Constellation is now expanding with new lines such as Corona Premier and Corona Refresca.
Premier will take on Michelob Ultra, a low-carb light beer that has been one of the most successful beers for AB InBev. It has grown its share for three straight years by appealing as a “lifestyle” beer for more affluent, active drinkers.
Nathaniel Meyersohn, CNN Money
Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Nearly a week has passed since the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and investigators are continuing to look for clues into why the shooter did what they did.
Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Around the Nation Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Audio will be available later today. Nearly a week has passed since the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and investigators are continuing to look for clues into why the shooter did what they did. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
TORONTO — The Toronto Blue Jays honoured the victims of Monday's deadly van attack, and the first responders who rushed to the scene of the tragedy, with a brief tribute before Tuesday night's game against the Boston Red Sox.
Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitching mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
A blue banner reading "#TORONTOSTRONG" was hung from the second deck in centre field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate.
Ten people were killed and 14 injured when a driver plowed a rented van into a on along a crowded sidewalk. It was the worst mass killing in Canada since Dec. 6, 1989, when a man shot 14 women at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal before turning the gun on himself.
Have you ever wondered how to capture the attention of a big time investor for your business? Or how to score a celebrity endorsement to market your product?
"Landing your dream business partner is less about what they can do for you and more about what you can do for them," said Eric Sanchez, an entrepreneur who managed to secure an endorsement from Sir Richard Branson and other big time venture capitalists just by being confident in what they had to offer.
Overcoming doubt, and increasing their confidence, Sanchez asked for a free ticket to Branson's private Island in the Caribbean to attend one of the world's largest startup competitions, Extreme Tech Challenge. Although Sanchez was not officially invited to the event, the young entrepreneur finagled their way in simply by taking a risk, being resourceful and following up.
Related: The Keys to Persuasion and Powerful Self-Confidence
Their determination stemmed from studying Branson, the famous entrepreneur who is known for taking big risks in life, adventures and business. Branson is the founder of Virgin Group, the conglomerate company that owns Virgin America, Virgin Mobile, Virgin Galactic and Virgin Atlantic, just to name a few.
"As an awesome kite surfer and entrepreneur with three aviation companies, Richard Branson has a passion to take flight, both in business and in life," Sanchez said. They took note and applied the same risk theory to start and launch their own business, Revl, a camera and video editing software company.
Many entrepreneurs say they have a hard time networking their way to people of influence because they don't get invited to "that party" or they don't know have the money it takes to get to the right place at the right time. Sanchez, however, didn't "need an invitation to be at the right place at the right time. I'll kick down the door to get in."
And although Sanchez had thoughts similar to other entrepreneurs who feared taking risks, their tenacious perseverance allowed them to rise above the discouragement and achieve success. Here are the three things Sanchez learned from Branson's determination. These things helped them become a young millionaire -- just by investing in a $500 plane ticket.
1. Take risks.
Branson is famously known for taking big life risks, as noted in the documentary "Don't Look Down." This film details Branson's near death experience in a hot air ballooning adventure in 1987 when they tried to cross the Atlantic Ocean. Observing Branson's extreme lifestyle, Sanchez became determined to live life on the edge, both in sports and in business.
In 2013, Sanchez took a risk and quit their steady job as a hardware engineer at HP to pursue their passion. They wanted to capture extreme adventure and launch Revl, a GoPro camera competitor and AI editing software company. At the heart of capturing our outdoor adventures, there's a need for the camera, but the hard part is collecting the pictures and videos from friends and family and then editing that footage. This takes time, skills and expensive software. Sanchez wanted to solve this problem by improving every part of the process, an idea that stemmed from their years of being a professional kite surfer, a sport that combines both wind and water, a kite and a surfboard.
Branson is also a huge advocate of kite surfing and often kite surfs from Neckar Island. Sanchez had always dreamed of meeting Branson to get an endorsement and an investment in their company. Many entrepreneurs dream about getting that big celebrity endorsement, but they don't attempt to innovate. Sanchez, however, took action and made their dreams come true by taking a risk and doing what was necessary to meet Branson.
Related: Actor Terry Crews Talks About the Exhilarating Terror of Entrepreneurship
2. Be resourceful.
It's not rocket science to barter, beg and borrow. Sanchez was able to barter a custom built laser touchscreen DJ system -- which they engineered as a fun weekend Arduino project -- in exchange for a free pass to the Extreme Tech Challenge event on Branson's Neckar Island.
Yet that day only became a reality after Sanchez took a shot in the dark and sent a cold email to the organizer of a venture capital and entrepreneur kite surfer organization. Before they sent the email, however, the young entrepreneur pondered what value can they could bring in return for a ticket to Extreme Tech Challenge. Their resourceful thinking eventually led them to an idea -- DJ entertainment! They then sent another cold email, this time to the founder of the event, Bill Tai.
"I will bring you a unique, one of a kind DJ system (which I built as a hobby while working at HP) if you allow me to come to Necker island the week of the Extreme Tech Challenge," Sanchez wrote. "This DJ system will make your party explosive and will also look amazing in pictures."
To their surprise, the investor wrote back and accepted their trade agreement. Sanchez bought their plane ticket and was on their way to meeting Branson. "I got to spend the most amazing week of my life on Necker Island, with big time entrepreneurs like Richard Branson, Bill Tai and other investors. We didn't participate in the Extreme Tech Challenge officially, but three out of the five judges became investors. And I got to spend the entire week on the island for free."
Attending the Extreme Tech Challenge sparked the success of Revl and led to its first venture capital financing. Sanchez received a celebrity endorsement from Branson who said, "Eric Sanchez is a brilliant inventor." After this endorsement, Revl cameras caught the media's attention and along came other endorsements.
"Revl cameras were flying off the shelves, with backorders piling up with creative financing from revenue," Sanchez said.
3. Follow up.
Branson is also a big advocate of following up. He's a visionary CEO who follows up with people because their big ideas are more than innovative -- they also lead others to get behind their ideas. Branson's management style is also very charismatic. They know how to motivate others by following up and communicating directly. "Success comes to the underdog who doesn't let sleeping dogs lie, and instead shakes up the market by doing things differently," Branson once said.
Related: Don't Fear Failure. It's How You Get to the Right Answer.
Sanchez recognized this about Branson's personality type and decided they would not just stop at raising money and shipping their product. They wanted to go back home to where they got started on Neckar Island and make a splash -- literally, with Revl -- to show Branson that he's not just a scrapy entrepreneur, but an accomplished businessman who plans to win the grand prize. They wanted to prove to Branson that they also follow up -- and finishes what they start.
"I believe that the most important part of sales is listening and following up," Sanchez said. "And that doesn't have to be selling to your customer. For instance, when you are doing PR, you are selling to a journalist. When you are hiring employees, you are selling them on the vision of the company. When you are following up to return to a business competition, such as Extreme Tech Challenge, you are selling Branson on the notion that you are a life-long entrepreneur."
The road to success.
In order to become a young millionaire and get your company up and running, you should take risks, be resourceful and follow up -- just as Sanchez did when they strived for the success of their company. They learned these tips from their long-time role model who not only inspired him, but also helped them become a successful entrepreneur with a revolutionary product.
Rookery Waters at Pidley has seen some cracking action recently so it's easy to see why so many anglers are heading over to the fishery.
In the latest big Saturday open fished on both the Jay and Magpie Pools it was the in-form Rob Goodson taking the honours with a massive 254lb 14oz net of carp taken from peg 20 on Magpie.
They caught well on the pole with pellet, only coming into the margins late in the match.
Runner-up Steve Freeman weighed in 162lb 14oz from peg two on the Jay Lake and back on Magpie Gavin Butler claimed third place with 203lb 11oz.
In the Thursday £1,000 open qualifier on Jay Lake high winds saw anglers struggling to get tight over to the far bank with poles, but having a sheltered peg helped winner Tony Dawson. They fished shallow towards the bridge with banded pellet for 159lb.
Runner-up Graham Welton fished the Method feeder presented tight over for 140lb 12oz, followed by Rob Goodson on 134lb 9oz.
FENLAND RODS
Jay Lake on the Rookery Waters complex was the venue for the latest Fenland Rods match which saw weights badly affected by the strong winds.
Leading the way was Kev Lee on peg 18. They put a modest 63lb 10oz to the scales catching on meat and paste from the margins.
Second on 56lb 2oz was John Garner, then came Mel Lutkin on 49lb 1oz and Les Bedford with 43lb 3oz.
RAMSEY AS
Ramsey AS will be back on the Fenland Drains at the weekend, but their final match on comercial waters last Sunday was one of the best in their Spring Series.
Presentation was very difficult, but some huge weights were still recorded - none better than the 176lb put to the scales from Keiron Payne.
They drew peg six and caught on a chopped worm and caster approach.
Keith Rayment took the runner-up spot with 131lb 8oz taken on a pellet feeder with a few better samples close in on paste.
In third place with 122lb was John Price, followed by Vince Hull with 117lb.
They attended Democratic President Barack Obama's final State of the Union address as a special guest of a member of congress. They learned to bike and rollerblade, took martial arts and gymnastics classes and spent their summer playing soccer and swimming in a lake at a day camp in the Boston suburbs.
And they received their first pair of prosthetic arms after theirs were blown off three years ago in a refugee camp bomb blast that also killed three of their siblings.
But as the 11-year-old Syrian boy looks to another year in their adopted home, they say their dream is to be reunited with their mother and four surviving siblings, who are living in Istanbul.
“I want my mom to come here,” they said on a recent Saturday as they kicked around a soccer ball in a park. “I feel like I'm losing them It's been too long. I can't take it anymore.”
Ahmad's father, Dirgam Alkhalaf, said those hopes largely hinge on whether Republican President-elect Donald Trump follows through on their pledge to curtail the flow of Syrians and Muslims to the U.S.
Alkhalaf has applied for asylum and hopes to petition for the rest of the family if they and Ahmad are permitted to stay.
“I can only be hopeful he'll do the right thing,” Alkhalaf said of Trump through an interpreter. “No matter what people say, I'm optimistic.”
Trump transition team officials didn't return emails seeking comment on the family's case.
Alkhalaf said they can't return to Turkey after renouncing their temporary residency status there. Returning to Syria, where the Sunni Muslim family lived just outside the battle-scarred city of Aleppo, also isn't an option.
“There is nothing left in Syria for us. Our home is destroyed; the government is out to get us,” they said, referring to Syrian President Bashar Assad's regime, which they say conducted the 2013 bombing. “I've got nowhere to go if the U.S. doesn't want me.”
The father and son have been living among a rotating group of Muslim families since their arrival in June 2015 on a medical visa for Ahmad.
Alkhalaf works as a security guard at a mosque after receiving their work permit in July. They hope to take their driver's license exam soon.
The emotional strain of separation has taken its toll on the family, Alkhalaf said.
Their youngest son in Turkey has developed asthma-like problems, their wife is being treated for high blood pressure and Ahmad doesn't always sleep well, a problem that started with night terrors following the bomb blasts.
“Emotionally, I'm drained,” Alkhalaf said. “If we were all together, I think a lot of us would feel better. It's half the battle.”
Ahmad talks with their mother often and knows she's struggling to provide for their siblings. The family largely lives off the charity of the Muslim community in New England and what Alkhalaf can send from their wages.
Ahmad said they try to perk their mother up by telling them about the new things he's experiencing.
“I try to make them happy, but it's hard,” Ahmad said.
They enrolled in the fourth grade this past fall at a school in the Boston suburbs.  They are awaiting a more advanced pair of prosthetic arms. And they hope to join a soccer team this spring.
Officials at Heights Elementary say Ahmad's stresses haven't appeared to affect their schooling. If anything, they say, they're impressed with how quickly they have embraced their new environment, where they are receiving physical and occupational therapy, one-on-one reading and math help and other support.
“He really wants to talk to people and understand things on many levels,” said Holly Geiger, Ahmad's teacher. “He's not shy, and I think that's helped.”
Supporters have purposely jam-packed Ahmad's schedule, said Nabil Jalal, a Sharon resident who is among those helping Ahmad and their father.
As Ahmad ran off to join an arts and craft session, Jalal worried what the new year might bring.
“You can't have one parent and not the other, no matter how good the life is here,” Jalal said. “There's a big missing part.”
HOUSTON, Texas — April 3, 2017 — Ascend Performance Materials announced today that company president and chief operating officer Phil McDivitt has assumed the title of president, chief executive officer and member of the board of directors. Ascend's former CEO Frederic M. (Fred) Poses will retire and step down from the board of directors.
“Phil joined Ascend two years ago as president of our nylon division. Since joining, they have made important contributions to building a stronger team and culture, improving financial and operating disciplines and creating a more dynamic commercial organization. As envisioned by the board at the time of their hiring, Phil has demonstrated their readiness to transition to CEO,” said Barry Siadat, chairperson of Ascend.
McDivitt joined Ascend in April 2015 and was named president and chief operating officer last year. Since joining the company, they have greatly enhanced the company's leadership position in the performance materials industry through the development of a multiyear growth strategy, an increased focus on reliability to better position Ascend as a key supplier across the nylon 66 value chains and the acceleration of new product and process technologies to support customer growth.
“Nylon 66 is our business, and that focus is how we've grown to be the industry leader,” McDivitt said. “Our advancements in technology, processes and materials development mean that our customers can count on us to deliver innovative solutions.”
Siadat also acknowledged Poses for their long history of leadership in the materials and manufacturing industries. “As we make this transition, I want to recognize Fred Poses for a career marked with excellence in leadership, operations and people management,” Siadat said. “Fred's efforts have positioned Ascend to be the leader it is today, and we would not be in such a strong position without him.”
Ascend board member G. Peter (Pete) D'Aloia also will retire from Ascend's board of directors. D'Aloia served as a member of the board of directors and in various financial leadership roles within the company, including chief financial officer. D'Aloia's leadership and contributions helped drive Ascend's strong financial growth and performance.
Posted April 17, 2017
Source: Ascend Performance Materials
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum suffered three strokes all believed to have been triggered during pregnancy leaving them with brain damage.
Mum-of-three Julie Foster, 30, first realised they suffered a stroke while they were expecting their third child Oliver in 2013.
But after falling pregnant for the fourth time they suffered another stroke in November 2015.
It was then that doctors discovered signs of an older stroke that Julie believes they suffered when they were expecting their second child Grace, seven.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
At the time they put it down to a bad migraine - but a CT scan revealed damage to the brain that appeared to be linked to a previous stroke.
They underwent thrombolysis - where a clot-busting drug acts to return the blood supply to your brain - and spent 10 days in hospital.
They said they initially thought their stroke in March 2013 had been caused by a trapped nerve.
Julie, of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, said: "I had my first stroke in March 2013.
"I woke up one morning and was watching TV with the kids when I looked down and saw I had kicked my leg but couldn't feel it.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
"I knew something wasn't right, so I phoned an ambulance and was taken to Sunderland Royal," they continued.
"When it first happened we thought it might be a trapped nerve, but then the scan came back showing that I had had a stroke.
"It also showed signs of an older stroke, and we think that might have been when I was pregnant with Grace and went temporarily blind in one eye.
"We put it down to a migraine at the time, but now we think it may have been a sign of a stroke."
Having suffered their second stroke in just over two years Julie and husband Stephen took the difficult decision to terminate their pregnancy with their fourth child.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
The third stroke meant they were left with no use in their right arm and both their memory and hearing were affected.
While they managed to return home within three months, the stroke has affected their speech and movement and they need looking after full-time by husband Stephen.
Them husband, 35, said: "It was 2.30pm in the afternoon and they had gone upstairs to have a lie down because they had a headache.
"I just heard a loud bang and when I went up to see if they were all right they were on top of the stairs leaning into the bannister.
"I knew straight away they had had a stroke.
"I picked them up and laid them on the bed and called an ambulance.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
"At the hospital they were given thrombolysis again, which saved their lives, but six day later we made the hard decision to terminate the pregnancy at five months, as it was too great a risk to Julie's health to continue with it."
Peter Moore, regional director for the Stroke Association in the North East, said: "A stroke happens in an instant and often changes lives forever.
"Our regional event highlights the tremendous courage local people like Julie have shown in rebuilding their lives after a stroke, or in helping others to do the same."
Stephen Foster said Julie is believed to suffer from Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) which is an immune system disorder that causes an increased risk of blood clots.
They said while blood tests for the condition have come back negative doctors are 90 per cent sure they have the condition.
They added that consultants have also told Julie that their pregnancies triggered the strokes.
Stephen, who gave up their IT firm to look after Julie full-time, said they didn't know they were pregnant when they suffered their first stroke in 2013.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
They said: "We didn't know they were pregnant when they had the first stroke, because they could have only been 10 days or two weeks gone.
"She spent 10 days in hospital and then about 10 days after that we found out they were pregnant with Oliver.
"We didn't know what to do but Julie decided to wanted to carry on with the pregnancy."
Oliver was later born in November 2013.
By May 2015 Julie had made a 95 per cent recovery and in August the couple found out they were pregnant with their fourth child.
But in October while Julie, who used to work as a nursery nurse, was in hospital having a scan they had a medical episode that lasted 20 to 30 minutes.
Doctors said there were no signs it was a stroke or a transient ischaemic attack (TIA) and Julie was sent home.
Yet a month later they suffered a devastating stroke that wiped out 35 per cent of the left side of their brain.
It also meant they were forced into taking the heartbreaking decision to end the pregnancy.
Stephen said: "But unfortunately we had to terminate the pregnancy six days after they had the stroke.
"She didn't walk again until Christmas, but they were determined to come home and they really fought to be with the family on Christmas Day.
"All these strokes have also meant they were diagnosed with epilepsy in August.
"She has suffered migraines throughout their life but they couldn't tell what was the matter with them when they were longer.
"It must have been the APS as a lot of people are not diagnosed properly."
4 min read Customer Loyalty
4 Ways to Show Your Customers Love Year-Round
Here are a few proven strategies that allow you to show appreciation for your customers well beyond the season of love.
(Yonhap)
Actress Lee Young-ae has donated 150 million won (US$131,984) to a local hospital here to help new mothers of low-income families, the hospital said Tuesday.Cheil General Hospital in central Seoul revealed that Lee has made donations on several occasions, asking that the money be used for those mothers.The actor gave birth to their twin babies in the hospital, one of the largest maternity clinics in the country, in February 2011.She has since paid attention to the work of helping new mothers and their babies.This is not the first time that they have attracted media attention for their philanthropic activities.In February 2014, they donated 100 million won to a Taiwanese mother who happened to give birth to a baby after they accidentally fell during their trip to Seoul.The baby reportedly weighed about one kilogram and was diagnosed with biliary atresia, a rare liver disease. The child had to go through a number of surgeries, but its parents could not afford the medical expenses.Most recently, they donated 100 million won and 150 million won to Asan Hospital in Gangneung, Gangwon Province, asking that the money be used to treat poor patients, and to some of the province's low-income households.She stayed in the city for months from late 2015 to shoot their latest drama "Saimdang, Memoir of Colors," now showing on SBS TV.Lee came back to the small screen after 13 years with the fantasy period drama, in which they take on the double roles of Saimdang, an artist from the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910), and present-day art history instructor Seo Ji-yoon.The series is scheduled to end early next month. (Yonhap)
Ducks centre Ryan Getzlaf wasn't happy with the penalty calling from Dave Jackson and Steve Kozeri.
"They started calling penalties, that's the momentum change of the game," said Getzlaf. "Our kill didn't get it done and their power play did.
"It's frustrating. I still, in this league, don't have a clue what's a penalty and what isn't. It's frustrating when you get one guy calling every single penalty against us and one guy wanting the game to play and wanting the players to decide it. It's a frustrating point that we're at in this league when we can't just go out and play hockey. There's no dangerous plays out there by any means, but somehow there were nine or 10 penalties or how many there were (11).
"I'm frustrated with all these little stick things and stuff. Instead of worrying about a guy getting their head taken off in the corner, we're worried about little stick infractions and one-handed stick lifts."
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim (25-18-10), which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night.
The Ducks led 9-0 in shots just under six minutes into the game, but the Canadiens then scored three times on seven attempts to chase starter Ryan Miller at 10:13 in favour of Reto Berra, who was called up on Friday to replace the injured John Gibson.
Shaw scored at 6:16 when they banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease. Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete's pass from the right point at 8:17.
Alex Galchenyuk slid a pass to Schlemko to score from the slot at 10:13.
Berra lunged for but couldn't reach Petry's slow moving shot along the ice 3:45 into the second frame.
Perry put Anaheim on the board during a two-man advantage at 8:32 as they beat Niemi from the edge of the crease and Rakell followed in to score on Nick Ritchie's rebound at 12:15.
Petry picked the top corner on a power play at 15:46 of the third.
Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit in the upper body by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner. Coach Claude Julien said X-rays revealed no fracture and Drouin's condition is to be re-evaluated on Sunday.
Jacques Demers, who coached Montreal to its last Stanley Cup in 1993, got a big ovation when they were shown on the scoreboard. Demers made a rare visit since a 2016 stroke left them with limited mobility.
By Bill Beacon, The Canadian Press
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. -- There shouldn't be a single nursing home without power this hurricane season thanks to a new law.
But there might not be anyone enforcing that law.
It was one of the saddest stories to come out of Hurricane Irma: Fourteen seniors died in a nursing home in Hollywood after being left without power in sweltering conditions.
The tragedy prompted change: All senior facilities are required to have back-up power for at least 96 hours.
MORE: Gov. Scott signs generator bill into law
But how is the state making sure that nearly 3,800 facilities have their generators ready to go by June 1?
Highland Lakes Assisted Living at St. Mark's Village in Palm Harbor was one of the facilities without power following Hurricane Irma. Such shouldn't happen again, said administrator Sheila Kynion, even though they won't have their generator by the deadline.
“Our generator delivery date will actually be after the June 1st deadline so we have filed an extension,” they said.
That extension was approved by the Agency for Health Care Administration, Kynion said.
Inspections, filed plans not mandatory
County emergency management officials are responsible for signing off on the emergency plans of individual nursing homes and assisted living facilities, but don't have to conduct physical inspections.
They also don't keep the plans on file.
When it comes to enforcing the new generator law, counties are leaving that to the state.
“That's AHCA's responsibility to make sure that that's done by June 1,” explained Joe Borries with Pinellas County Emergency Management.
Hillsborough County Emergency Management Director Preston Cook thinks the new law will protect the most vulnerable members of our population.
There's more than 330 senior facilities in Hillsborough County.
“Our role is not to go out and do the onsite inspections," they said. "They have state agencies that go out as part of AHCA that does those on site inspections. Our job is to review the plans, help the agencies and organizations get through the planning process and make sure those plans are in place."
AHCA has yet to comment on how they are enforcing their June 1 deadline.
► Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
Next Up 5 Things to Watch Today – July 11, 2017
Now Playing The Walking Dead: Who Will Die in the Mid-Season Finale?
Warning: Spoilers for the latest episode of The Walking Dead past this point.
Is your face covered in tears and pudding right now? Are you closing one eye in solidarity with the recently departed Carl Grimes (Chandler Riggs) or roller skating your way down a road of sorrow? If so, you're definitely not alone, as fans (celebrity and otherwise) took to Twitter by the droves to mourn the loss of one of the original Walking Dead characters.
In case you didn't watch the episode, here's how things went down. After a heated battle at the Alexandria Safe-Zone, Carl and the rest of the Grimes Gang made it to safety in sewer tunnels underneath the community... except, as Carl's dad Rick (Andrew Lincoln) and their de facto mom Michonne (Danai Gurira) found out, they had been bitten by a walker days earlier, while trying to save the life of a man named Siddiq (Avi Nash).
Riggs will return for one more episode when the show returns next year, in order to take care of some of Carl's unfinished business — mainly making sure Rick learns the concept of mercy — but that doesn't mean fans aren't FREAKING OUT.
That bit of business out of the way, on to the bevy of emotions!
Some people were in a serious state of denial.
Others were in a serious state of Daryl cry-face.
Me rn after watching #TheWalkingDead mid season finale 😭 pic.twitter.com/5XtxcDh7P3 — Renae Finnell (@rfinnell9) December 11, 2017
Everyone will be working their therapist overtime this week.
I need a therapist after this episode of #TheWalkingDead pic.twitter.com/wQdJNb4bKs — Nic Becker (@StockAF_Studios) December 11, 2017
One fan remembered the wise words of Carl's mom:
"You are gonna beat this world, I know you will. You are smart, and you are strong and you are SO brave and I love you" - Lori Grimes #TheWalkingDead pic.twitter.com/oN2UHZUT8z — Tara Chambler (@TaraFknChambler) December 11, 2017
Another remembered the most important Carl moment of all time:
This guy is all of us.
Me trying to go to bed after tonights mid season finale #TheWalkingDead pic.twitter.com/tFln0vDh7E — Nezavon (@nezavon) December 11, 2017
The official Walking Dead account was here to assure us that, no, you did not imagine this happening.
And no, none of this is a dream. #TheWalkingDead — The Walking Dead (@TheWalkingDead) December 11, 2017
But ultimately, let's be honest: we're all crying.
Even Chandler Riggs.
jokes aside,
thank you.
you'll hear from me soon. — chandler riggs (@chandlerriggs) December 11, 2017
The Walking Dead returns Sunday, Feb. 25 at 9/8c on AMC.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on their resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said they were acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order, which at the time banned immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
The law firm of Zumpano Patricios & Winker PA (ZP&W) has announced that Income Partner Maria D. Garcia has been elected president-elect of the Cuban American Bar Association (CABA). Them term as president will begin on Jan. 1, 2019.
CABA is a non-profit voluntary bar association founded in 1974 by lawyers of Cuban descent. CABA's members include judges, lawyers and law students of all backgrounds interested in issues affecting the Cuban community, as well as broader legal and human rights issues impacting the South Florida community as a whole.
“Being elected president-elect of CABA is truly humbling,” Garcia said. “I look forward to continuing to grow CABA's presence in the community, and raising awareness and funds for our Pro Bono Project and Foundation, while developing excellent legal programming for our members.”
At ZP&W, Garcia focuses their practice on healthcare law, commercial litigation and international law matters. In addition to their involvement in CABA, Garcia is a member of the Florida Bar Health Law Section and serves as a vice president of the board of directors of the Florida International University (FIU) Alumni Association.
“We are so proud of Maria's accomplishments in the community and professionally,” said ZP&W managing shareholder Joseph Zumpano.
“CABA is one of the most influential voluntary bar associations in Florida and we know that under their leadership, CABA will certainly thrive.”
They received their undergraduate degree, magna cum laude, from FIU and their law degree from FIU's College of Law, where they served as president of the Moot Court.
Garcia resides in Coral Gables.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLUMBIA, IL - Drivers tired of a deadly stretch of roadway in Illinois continue to demand improvements and better safety.
Their outrage comes after 41-year-old Emily Webb, a mother traveling with six kids northbound on Route 3 was killed in a crash.
Police said 86-year-old Donald L. Eccher of Millstadt was driving a grain truck when it hit the family's SUV.
New Athens resident, Nicole Warnecke told Fox 2 on Monday that they get chills every time they drive along Route 3 near Veterans Parkway.
“I was involved in an accident and I've been through what I've been through,” Warnecke said, “and I just don't want to see what happened to me happen to anybody else.”
Warnecke said that they consider themselves to be lucky having survived that accident two years ago.
“I just want to know when is it going to stop?” they continued. “How many people are going to have to get hurt and suffer or possibly die for something to change?”
A concerned Facebook citizens group called, Citizens Demanding Change on Illinois Route 3, Columbia, Illinois is behind the push for change.
“We are asking for more speed traps or something to help control the speed,” said Emily Ceradsky, “because I know people are going 55, 65, when it's 45.”
Columbia Mayor Kevin Hutchinson said that driver concerns are not falling on deaf ears.
“The Aldermen, myself and police officers and the chief, we have all been listening to the citizens and everybody had great ideas and we will bring those forward to IDOT,” Hutchinson said.
Police Chief Jerry Paul said that drivers should notice more police presence.
“We are placing more marked cars at those lighted intersections at heavy traffic times,” Paul explained, “we've had our speed trailers out where it indicates the speed limit and also tracks the speed of the cars.”
Paul went on to say that even though speed cameras are being considered, the technology is legally not possible for Monroe County adding that it's something state legislators will have to look into.
The chief said that they have been compiling data on all crashes and is sending the information to the Illinois Department of Transportation.
38.443664 -90.201224
Referring to cross-border terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir, defence minister Arun Jaitley said the Indian Army continues to be vigilant on the LoC in defending the nation. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: In the backdrop of rising cross border terror activities in Kashmir and standoff with China in Dokalam, defence minister Arun Jaitley on Monday called upon the armed forces to defend the country's borders with “all its might”.
In a strong message to Pakistan, they asked it to refrain from continuing with “abhorrent acts” of terrorism against India and reminded Islamabad of the surgical strikes carried out by the Indian Army on 29 September last year on terror launch pads.
They said “significant casualties” were caused to terrorists and those providing support to them in the surgical strikes. While referring to contributions of countless patriots in India's freedom struggle, Jaitley without directly referring to any country, said the nation now looks at the armed forces to defend its borders.
“The nation now looks to you to defend its borders with all your might and to the best of your strength and abilities so that all our people sleep in peace tonight, so that we all see a new dawn together, tomorrow and to take our country to new heights of peace and prosperity for all our people,” they said.
The comments assumed significance as armies of India and China are locked in a face-off in Dokalam for the past eight weeks. The defence minister was addressing the armed forces personnel in a customary radio broadcast on the eve of the 71st Independence Day.
Referring to cross border terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir, Jaitley said the armed forces personnel continue to be vigilant on the Line of Control in defending the nation as “our adversary continues with its abhorrent acts”. “Despite our repeated requests to our Western neighbour not to use our territory occupied by it not only to train terrorists but also use it as launch pad for pushing these militants into India, such nefarious activities continued,” they said.
Jaitley said India ran out of patience as these terrorists were not only targeting the armed forces but also civilians and based on credible inputs, the Indian Army had conducted surgical strikes on 29 September last year at several of these launch pads to pre-empt infiltration by terrorists.
“The operations were focused on ensuring that these terrorists did not succeed in their design to cause destruction and endanger the lives of our citizens. During these counterterrorist operations significant casualties were caused to terrorists and those providing support to them,” they said.
“Even now our jawans continue to be vigilant on the Line of Control, defending the nation, as our adversary continues with its abhorrent acts. Some of our soldiers continue to make the supreme sacrifice while defending our motherland. The nation is indebted to their martyrdom,” they further said.
Hailing sacrifice of the armed forces, Jaitley assured them that the government will do all that is necessary to keep their morale high and to meet their functional requirements. Listing initiatives for welfare of the security personnel, they said the government has taken decision on recommendations of the 7th pay commission on allowances, which will benefit 14 lakh personnel.
They said rates of Siachen allowance for extreme risk and hardship has been increased from Rs14,000 per month to Rs30,000 per month while counter insurgency operations allowance was increased from between Rs3,000 and Rs11,700 per month to between Rs6,000 and Rs16,900 per month.
They said territorial army allowance has been hiked from between Rs175 and Rs450 per month to Rs1,000 and Rs2,000 per month. Jaitley said the benefits of One Rank One Pension (OROP) scheme started reaching the ex-servicemen and families since last year.
“Till 10 July this year, a sum of Rs4,156 crore and Rs2,385 crore have been paid towards first and second instalments of OROP arrears to around 20,40,000 Ex- Servicemen/family pensioners and 15,93,000 Ex-Servicemen respectively.
“Further, a sum of Rs2,250 crore has also been paid to 15,13,000 ex-servicemen as third instalments of OROP arrears. The government is also sympathetically considering the report of the one-man judicial committee headed by justice L. Narasimha Reddy on OROP to look into the anomalies, if any, arising out of implementation of OROP and will take decision soon,” they said.
Jaitley also said that the government has enhanced penury grant to non-pensioner ex-servicemen/widows to Rs4,000 per month from the existing rate of Rs1,000 per month. The defence minister also mentioned about the a campaign to have a ‘Wall of Valour' in 1,000 educational institutions across the country. “Portraits of Param Vir Chakra decorated soldiers will be displayed at designated places on educational campuses to instil sense of nationalism among the students,” they said.
Linebacker Shea McClellin, who missed the entire 2017 season with a concussion, was released by the New England Patriots on Monday.
The Patriots used a failed physical designation to cut McClellin.
McClellin was one of the team's designated-to-return players on injured reserve but was not activated due to a setback when they returned to practice.
League rules state teams can designate two players to return off injured reserve. Teams must activate the player when they return to practice not when they get added to the active roster.
The Patriots signed the 28-year-old as an unrestricted free agent in March 2016. In their first season with New England, McClellin started four of the 14 games they appeared in and compiled 39 tackles.
They were a first-round pick by the Chicago Bears in 2012 and in six seasons, McClellin has 200 tackles, 8.5 sacks and three fumble recoveries.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They say the camera never lies.
So Olivia Attwood will have some serious explaining to do, this week - after fans spotted a mystery man in their bedroom.
The reality TV star raised eyebrows on Thursday when they uploaded a sexy snap of themselves in silk nightwear.
But, while they certainly looked good, it was the random bloke in the background who got the most attention.
(Image: Instagram)
Little bit, leave it? Chris Hughes and Olivia Attwood accused of FAKING their relationship for new reality show
The unidentified figure can be seen in the corner of the room while Olivia strikes a pose to promote their new clothing range.
Unsurprisingly, eagle-eyed followers were quick to ask who they were - and, more importantly, why they were there.
One said: "Who's the man in mirror?" while another quipped: "Anyone else notices that guy in the background?"
A third added" What's that bloke doing there? It's weird."
The gaffe comes just days after Olivia was accused of faking their relationship with Love Island's Chris Hughes.
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: Flynet)
'Winter Love Island' is almost here! Sexy singles show Survival of the Fittest to launch within days
Some have said they're play-acting for the sake of their new reality TV show, Crackin' On - a claim which has persisted after the pair were accused of fighting at the National Television Awards.
Heat Magazine ran a report suggesting they are “faking” their romance for the sake of the show.
A source told the publication: “They're still having rows and are very on and off.
“But, at the moment, they can't end things because they have to do this TV show together.
“They have to put on a united front.”
A spokesperson for Chris said: "Chris and Olivia are surprised and saddened by reports questioning their relationship. They are very much in love and are looking forward to their exciting future together."
Hundreds of runners of all ages grabbed their capes and flew over to Creve Coeur Lake Saturday for The Super Run, a national series of Superhero-themed 5K fun runs that partner with nonprofit organizations to help raise funds and awareness for their cause.
North Brookfield - North Brookfield Savings Bank (NBSB) has announced that Kevin Berube has joined The Business Center Team as Assistant Vice President/Commercial Loan Officer.
Berube, of Rutland, Mass., joins a reputable business banking team and will work from their office based out of North Brookfield Savings Bank's Business Center located at 40 Main St. in Ware. Berube will also travel for the convenience of business customers throughout Central and Western Massachusetts. In their role, they will be responsible for developing new and existing commercial lending relationships, advising business customers on the available lending products, and helping borrowers to achieve their financing goals.
Berube has a strong professional lending background spanning more than 20 years and most recently held the position of Vice President of Commercial Lending and Business development at Alden Credit Union where they were responsible for establishing and supervising the Commercial Lending Department, managing the commercial portfolio, among other responsibilities. Berube holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Emmanuel College and is a United States Army veteran.  They are licensed by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, NMLS License ID #1313699 and is a member of the Quaboag Hills Chamber of Commerce, the Central Mass South Chamber of Commerce and Worcester Regional Chamber of Commerce.
North Brookfield Savings Bank is a mutual savings bank with full-service branches in North Brookfield, East Brookfield, West Brookfield, Ware, Belchertown, Palmer, and Three Rivers Village of Palmer. NBSB offers a wide variety of deposit and loan products for individuals and businesses throughout Central and Western Massachusetts and has been a steadfast supporter of the communities in which it serves since 1854. All deposits are insured by the FDIC and the Depositors Insurance Fund.
Afghan Anarchy: The Failed State Keeps Failing
The perennially failed state of Afghanistan slipped even further into anarchy after four high-profile attacks by the Taliban and Daesh in the span of only nine days, making the world wonder just how much worse the war can get.
Trump promised to win the war and authorized the dispatch of 4000 additional troops to the landlocked nation, with 1000 of them reportedly getting ready for deployment by this spring in order to "advise and assist" their Afghan counterparts. This announcement hasn't deterred the Taliban or Daesh, both of whom are designated as terrorist groups by Russia, from carrying out more attacks, as they almost seem determined to taunt the US judging by their spree of attacks over the past two weeks.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for besieging Kabul's InterContinental Hotel and exploding an ambulance bomb in the capital that claimed over one hundred lives, while Daesh killed workers from the Save The Children NGO in Jalalabad and recently stormed the Kabul Military Academy. Afghans have been shocked by the audacity of these attacks, all of which seemed designed to send the message that nobody is safe in the country no matter where they are, potentially contributing to the population's ever-growing distrust of their government and therefore undermining the US' war efforts. As is usually the case whenever these attacks occur, the Afghan authorities predictably blamed Pakistan for allegedly being behind them, and the US carried out a drone strike against the country in the aftermath of one of these incidents.
Islamabad, for its part, vehemently denies any complicity in these events and blasted its critics for failing to provide even a single shred of evidence backing up their claims. Moreover, Pakistan reminded the world that it has cleansed its border region of terrorists, but that Afghan refugees nevertheless pose serious security risks and should therefore be repatriated. Looking beyond the immediate aftermath of what happened, a glimmer of hope has appeared on the horizon in the form of the Tashkent Conference that's prospectively slated to take place in March to revive the Afghan peace process. Similar initiatives have taken place before, such as last year's three gatherings in Moscow, but no serious progress has yet been made in saving Afghanistan from becoming an even worse failed state than it already is.
Andrew Korybko is joined by Shahid Raza, Geopolitical analyst currently serving as the director of the geopolitical research project CommandEleven consulting in Islamabad, and Waqas Mahmood Dogar, Pakistani political commentator who writes for "The Nation" newspaper.
Want to sound off and share what you think about this? Send us an email at radio@sputniknews.com or find us on Facebook!
Body cam footage shows a Detroit firefighter get into a scuffle with two police officers.
The video from June shows Michael Cretu grab the wrist of one of the officers. The situation gets more physical from there and one of the body cams goes flying.
The other officer's camera is still rolling, and it captures more of the struggle.
You can see the officers having a difficult time getting control of Cretu.
"It quickly escalated into a...the suspect, the neighbor grabbing our officer's wrist, and it ended up being an arrest incident,” said Capt. Robert Nenciarini with the Livonia Police Department. “I would have preferred that they deescalated it a little bit, but overall, they didn't have too much of a choice when they grabbed their wrist. You shouldn't grab the wrist of an officer. When you do that, there's going to be problems."
Police said they first responded at Cretu's home after receiving a complaint from a neighbor. Police said Cretu was hostile and would not follow their orders.
The Detroit firefighter has already accepted a plea deal on misdemeanor charges.
They were sentenced to one year of probation.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
2017: The Year of Andy Murray
'Who's Afraid of Andy Murray in 2017'? At the moment, everyone on the circuit.
by Syamantakshobhan Basu Editor's Pick 02 Jan 2017, 09:04 IST
Murray's true grit has seen them ascend to the World No. 1 ranking
“I don't mind failing. Failing's okay, providing that you've given your best and put everything into it... That's it. I just have, kind of, not being afraid of failing, sort of learning from all of my losses. That's what I've done throughout most of my career.”
Andy Murray has always been a star close within the reach of the ordinary mortals who watch tennis.  They are easy to identify and empathise with. They have failed, publicly and often. They have expressed their emotions openly, but borne their losses with grace.
Therefore, now that their day has finally arrived, and 2016 has settled into the history books, it is time to take a good look at the coming year to see whether 2017 could be the Year of Andy Murray.
A Year in Stats
Murray's stats showed improvement in every field in 2016. Already a fearsome returner, reputed to be one of the best ever in the game, Murray improved their break-point conversion rate to 45% against a career average of 43%. Their second return winning percentage rose a point to move to 56%. They also improved dramatically on the percentage of return games won, converting 37% to a career record of 32%.
Murray worked hard on their serve this season, and it showed improvement in every department. Their first serve percentage went up two points to 60% and they gained one point to move to 76% on first serve points won.
They improved their second serve win percentage to 54%, up from 52%. This was a crucial increase, as they have often struggled in the past with a very weak second serve. Murray saved about 66% of break points faced, a good 3% up from their career average, and won 85% of their service games and 67% of total service points(as opposed to career standards of 82% and 65% respectively).
All these statistics show a range of marginal to distinct improvements in every department of the Murray game, and all these together provided the edge that they have lacked in crucial moments of crunch matches. Viewed together with their undying will to win, the percentages tipped over just enough in Murray's favour for them to put together one of the greatest comebacks in the history of men's tennis.
In 2017, Murray is set to continue working with Ivan Lendl, the man who changed the way they approach tennis matches, bringing increased confidence and better big match play to the court. Murray's work on their fitness has also been phenomenal, and it would do them good to hit with Rafael Nadal, as they did this year.
The ability to stay in great shape across consecutive tournaments, at the end of a long season, was what got Murray their prized world No.1 rank. If they are able to keep it going in 2017, they are likely to edge out their competitors, especially with Roger Federer and Nadal returning to the game after long injury lay-offs.
Mentally, too, they have been much tougher than perhaps any other player on the ATP World Tour, and if Djokovic does not recover form and inspiration quickly, for the first time in their storied careers, Murray will hold an advantage over them in that department.
No.1 Player in the World
2016 was marked by Murray's ascent to singles world No.1 in men's tennis, a feat they were able to convert to the year-end No.1 position, only the 17th man to do so. Murray also became the second-oldest first-time world No.1, after John Newcombe in 1974, when they ascended to the position at the Paris Masters aged 29 years, 5 months and 23 days. It is likely that Murray will hold on to the ranking for at least a little while longer.
The reasons for this are aplenty. Djokovic had an incredible start to the year, collecting trophies at the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami, and a quarter final at Dubai, winning a total of 4340 points during the period.
During the same time, Murray was able to reach only the final of the first tournament, winning 1200 points and a further 90 up to Indian Wells. So, while Novak has a lot of points to defend, Murray only stands to gain.
Further, the return of Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal will add more competition to the mix, and Murray is relishing the challenge, hoping to meet their old rivals once they have recovered their touch.
What Murray will look to achieve, more than anything, would be an Australian Open victory. Having lost in five finals at the event, the only man to do so, with four of the losses coming to Djokovic, Murray will be hungry for revenge and vindication.
Having achieved a newfound sense of some parity with Djokovic, Murray will be fighting to claim their first Australian Open title, and with it the third of the four Grand Slams. Murray's record in Slam finals remains rather poor, with only three wins from 11 finals. If they are to correct the balance then they will have to bring a much tougher mental game to the title stage, and in all likelihood beat Novak Djokovic in the final, something that they have struggled to do all their career and especially in the past couple of years.
Without overturning their dismal head-to-head records against the other members of the 'Big Four', Murray's hopes of being the top player in 2017 may end up turning to dust again.
All-Court Tennis and the Emergence of a Complete Player
Murray's 2016 clay court season was a continuation of the wonderful improvements they had shown on the surface the previous year, while working with French ace Amelie Mauresmo.
They won the Italian Open at Rome for the first time, and reached the final of the Madrid Masters, which they had taken the previous year.
At Roland Garros, they became only the 10th player in the Open era to reach all four Grand Slam finals. Murray's early career records on the dirt had never suggested such an outcome to be possible, and in many ways their astounding clay court season served as a springboard to their incredible second-half surge.
If Murray continues their upward rise, 2017 could see the Scot becoming an even bigger force on the red clay. They now only has the Monte Carlo Masters to win in order to complete their clay Masters 1000 set, and a three-set defeat to Nadal had enough positives to be taken into the following year.
While Murray's serve showed increased effectiveness, they struggled with movement, at least in the early parts of the tournaments. Two five-setters in the first two rounds of Roland Garros hurt their title prospects.
In order to challenge Djokovic, Nadal, Wawrinka and the rising threat of Dominic Thiem, Murray must finish their early rounds quickly to conserve energy, and work on their sluggish movement. Murray's grasscourt affinities make them naturally unsuited to the high bounce and slow movement of the ball through the air at Roland Garros and Monte Carlo, but with a little bit of work, they could prove to be a formidable threat, and move ever closer to a tantalising Career Grand Slam.
Family Matters
Andy Murray continued the extraordinary recent trend of the elite players in the men's game performing better with marriage and fatherhood.
While Federer won two of their Grand Slams, the 2010 Australian Open and the 2012 Wimbledon, after becoming a parent, the birth of Djokovic's son Stefan in 2014, was a possible triggering factor in their incredible streak of success in 2015 and '16.
Murray joined the parents' club in 2016, welcoming a daughter with their wife Kim, soon after which they won Wimbledon.
All these are in stark contrast to the greats of yesteryear, who often struggled to perform as well post marriage and fatherhood.
A solid family life, Murray has often said in interviews, has always been a big stabilizing factor in their life, and the support of their mother and former coach Judy, wife Kim and brother Jamie, who also became doubles No.1 in 2016, together with a stable coaching staff, have goe a long way in establishing Andy Murray's reign as the best player in men's tennis for the year 2017.
New Competition
If 2016 has been any indication, 2017 will be a hotly contested year. The rising young guns, especially Thiem and Alexander Zverev, along with an improving Milos Raonic, the mercurial Nick Kyrgios and the ever-dangerous Stan Wawrinka are all possible threats.
With the return of Federer, Nadal, and a refreshed Djokovic, Murray may find their work cut out for them if they are to remain the best player in men's tennis in 2017.
But Andy Murray possesses true grit, and will fight to the end for what they have won with over a decade of commitment and effort. In my belief, the year 2017 will be the Year of Andy Murray, and will finally bring them the recognition that they deserve, as a legend of the game
. It would be poetic justice if, after all these years of struggle, Murray were to lead the year from start to finish, holding off their Titanic rivals, and adding to the Grand Slam cabinet that has for so many years been witness to more heartbreak than joy.
If 2017 is the Year of Andy Murray, it will be a well-deserved one, and tennis will finally have made reparations to one far more deserving of its fruits.
The NSE has been a tremendous success, consistently trading four to six times as much equity as its rival, the much older BSE Ltd. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Singapore: Try this at home. Anywhere on a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet, type =RAND(). You'll see a decimal number between 0 and 1. Close the worksheet and reopen it a second later, and you'll see a different figure.
It's hard to believe that the absence of a simple random-number algorithm has thrown a question mark around almost one-third of National Stock Exchange of India Ltd's revenue.
The chairperson of India's No. 1 bourse is confident of taking it public before the end of this year. Yes, the NSE needs to give existing investors a chance to exit. But the awful gaps in systems, processes—and most importantly, ethical behaviour—revealed by a forensic study by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, mean that offering penance (and penalties) would be more helpful before the exchange starts its $1.5 billion IPO.
Late last year, just as the NSE was getting ready to file its draft prospectus, Gadfly advised the exchange to drop the hubris it carried with its lineage. As a government-sponsored alternative to the broker-owned casinos that dotted the capital-markets landscape until the 1980s, the NSE has been a tremendous success, consistently trading four to six times as much equity as its rival, the much older Bombay Stock Exchange, or BSE Ltd.
In recent years, though, the combination of proximity to government and market leadership has led to swollen heads and bad behaviour. Both were on display in co-location, which allows traders to place their computers close to the exchange's so they can pare microseconds when executing trades. NSE offered the service to high-frequency traders. But not fairly.
The exchange didn't use something like RAND() to grant fair access to its tick-by-tick system. Those who connected to servers first saw securities prices sooner. It took the Deloitte analysis to discover that the development team was using a “randomizer” for servers other than those handling real-time price data. In other words, the exchange knew it was giving an unfair advantage to some traders, and profited from it.
Then there was “Server 27”. It was a backup, which worked parallel to the primary server. Clients were told not to connect to it except in an emergency. But not everyone was asked to lay off Server 27, and not all the time.
Co-location services account for 30% of the exchange's revenue, which for now is going into an escrow account set up at the regulator's behest. NSE chief executive officer Chitra Ramkrishna resigned last December. Vice chairperson Ravi Narain, a co-founder, left this month.
The old method of disseminating price data has been junked. Still, it'll take a more decisive round of spring cleaning by incoming CEO Vikram Limaye to fix the culture.
As for cozy relationships with the authorities, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the market regulator, has a new chairperson. Ajay Tyagi has no incentive to go easy on the NSE. Any preferential treatment would be rightly seen as repeating the behaviour that got the exchange into this mess.
Looking at the BSE, which listed in February and has given IPO investors 36% returns to date, it's clear that the NSE has caused a serious opportunity loss to stakeholders including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Citigroup Inc., Temasek Holdings Pte, and Tiger Global Management LLC.
Still, the share sale by investors can wait. First, the NSE should make haste with a penance offering. Bloomberg Gadfly
Percussion, language laud African heritage
Filed under Showcase
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Ingenuity, expression and the persistent spirit of black excellence merged to explore the long lasting impact that African culture has on American society at the African Heritage Month celebration held Feb. 9 in the Knox Center.
While most Black History Month celebrations focus on African-American life post-slavery, this program, titled “From African Empires to Congo Square in the U.S.,” explained the unique cultural influences that blended to become the modern African-American experience.
“Often times people focus on slavery and nothing beyond that,” history department Chairperson Manu Ampim said. “But like a good student activist said — ‘If you start your history at slavery the best you can be is a good slave.'”
Ampim gave a presentation on their archaeological studies in Central Africa and offered primary source information about the “cultural complex” that still exists there in many regions.
They then bridged the gap between ancient Africa and the experiences and contributions by blacks after slavery.
Congo Square, located in New Orleans, Louisiana, was a meeting place for enslaved Africans in the colonial era of the 18th century.
Although public gatherings were forbidden, people braved beatings and threats of death to congregate and share experiences, accompanied with food, music and dance.
The area was given the name because of the large number of Africans from the Congo Kingdom who were bought and sold in the small French settlement.
Mistress of ceremonies, Contra Costa College student and African-American studies major Lavonia Bobo, seamlessly steered the celebration between presenters who ranged from current and former students, staff members, traditional performers and professors.
As a tutorial on the origin of Black History Month, CCC graduate and Cal State-East Bay master's program participant Lacretia Robinson explained Dr. Carter G. Woodson's vision for creating the now month-long recognition of the contributions that black people made and continue to make in society.
Robinson also cited the calming influence Africana/Chicano/ethnic studies department Chairperson Carolyn Hodge provided them as a professional returning to school later in life to foster a career change.
Before examining the cultural melting pot that was Congo Square, Ampim reflected on the similarities between ancient African empires through their first person experiences while on sabbatical in Northern and Central Africa.
The professor returned from Africa three days before the spring semester began.
“We're going beyond the slavery barrier, in fact, beyond the Atlantic Ocean,” they said. “We are going to look at African high culture. Documentation beats conversation every day of the week.”
Their photo documentation of current tribesmen adorned with leopard skins and ostrich feathers, coupled with their collection of millennia-old artifacts depicting similar traditional garb, highlighted a history of merging African cultures over vast time and distance.
Following Ampim's presentation, Bobo spoke to the importance of learning in an environment in which the professor has first-hand knowledge of their subject.
Many of the photos that Ampim uses as teaching aides are often stills from their own fieldwork at actual archeological sites.
Crowd favorites and staples of the African Heritage Month celebration, the drum and dance performers Kiazi Malonga and the Fua Dia Congo, filled the Knox Center with an infectious rhythm and energy that left no attendee sitting still.
Always an inspiration for crowd participation, the group enlisted 16 members of the audience to join the stage show.
The mix of students and instructors swayed rhythmically as the drummers put on a display of traditional African showmanship that left the crowd in awe and the performers drenched in sweat.
As the intertwining traditions of ancient African kingdoms and current African kings of today were explained by Ampim, the link to Congo Square and the continued exchange of culture was explained by Louisiana native and CCC dance instructor, Latanya Tigner.
Tigner, a choreographer by trade, has intimate knowledge of African dance and used the traditional dances by women from the Congo kingdom and Uganda to highlight the way merging cultures create fresh ideas.
“They often gathered on levees, in backyards, on plantations or in other public parks,” Tigner said. “Through numerous permitting and forbidding circles, city ordinances that dated back to the colony's inception, despite the hangings and harassment — they gathered.”
From French occupation to Spanish rule and then American domination, it has always been known to us as Congo Square, they said.
Following their presentation, Tigner summoned 11 volunteers along with Fua Dia Congo to the stage, putting into practice the moves that were explained to the crowd.
“I went up to the stage because that's what I do — dance,” biology major Iyannah Watt said. “When I heard the drums I was moving in my seat, so why not go up.”
Some seemed perfectly in touch with their African roots while other volunteers should look to enroll in one of Tigner's dance courses.
While dance volunteers found their seats, Hodge emerged at the podium and students froze as if unprepared for a pop quiz.
They reminded students to apply for scholarships like the AASA scholarship, the B. Wayne Daniels or African-American Studies Scholarship, all of which have a March 2 application deadline.
The professor also encouraged attendees to speak with Dr. Ampim about the study abroad trip to ancient Egypt happening July 14-28.
Hodge's last announcement, which got an unexpectedly boisterous applause, was for “Celebrating Success” CCC's black graduation which takes place on May 20.
Jones welcomes competition from Lindelof at Manchester United
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 11:32 IST
Britain Football Soccer - West Bromwich Albion v Manchester United - Premier League - The Hawthorns - 17/12/16 Manchester United's Phil Jones reacts Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley/ Livepic/ Files
REUTERS - Manchester United defender Phil Jones has welcomed the signing of fellow centre back Victor Lindelof and said it would increase competition for first-team action at the Premier League club.
The 22-year-old Lindelof was a key player for Portuguese side Benfica last season, missing just six of the club's 46 matches in all competitions as they secured the domestic title for the fourth consecutive year.
In contrast, 25-year-old England international Jones has struggled to book a regular spot at United due to injuries and featured in just 21 of their 64 matches last campaign.
"We're Manchester United, we're going to attract the best players and the biggest players," Jones told British media.
"It would be a strange summer if we weren't signing players like that. Competition is always good."
Lindelof is the first close-season signing for Mourinho this year, as the manager aims to add to the Europa League and League Cup triumphs from last season.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Ian Ransom)
[Desk Column] Trump's vision of America
Trump's vision of America
By Kim Hoo-ran
Watching the evening news could be harmful to your health. Really.
Local news is plastered with coverage of the ongoing independent counsel investigation into influence-peddling by President Park Geun-hye's confidante Choi Soon-sil and the Constitutional Court's impeachment trial of Park. The snowballing allegations of extortion by Park and Choi, of wrongdoings by Blue House aides and government ministers, including the drawing up of a “black list” of “anti-government” artists, as well as bribery allegations involving conglomerates, all cause blood pressures to rise. We feel cheated and deceived.
International news offers no relief. The daily Twitter barrages by US President Donald Trump are unbearable, not to mention highly stressful. Trump, the disruptor-in-chief, is taking America on a path that is very different from the one the world is used to. If Trump has their way, America will lose much of its soft power, its power to attract and co-opt other countries. Trump's America may wield mighty military and economic powers, but it would have lost the hearts of people around the world.
The outrage at Trump's rhetoric and behavior stems from the denial of what the world knows, or thought it knew, the US to be. Trump is going ahead with building a wall along the US-Mexico border and getting Mexico to pay for it. The new president is moving quickly to fulfill their election pledge to quit or renegotiate major trade deals. On their first day in office, Trump signed an executive order withdrawing from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, declaring an end to the era of multinational trade agreements.  They are also proceeding with the renegotiation of North American Free Trade Agreement, a free trade deal signed by US, Canada and Mexico, which they blame for lost American jobs and businesses. And they are doing all this in the name of making America great again, by taking care of America first.
Trump's America is not a country that says, “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!”
The executive order temporarily banning the entry of citizens from seven Muslim majority countries and stopping the admission of all refugees for four months caused a global uproar, as well as deeply dividing the American people. Its opponents call the order, which the court has since stayed, un-American -- it goes against the fundamental root of America. It certainly goes against what made America great -- its openness and diversity.
Trump forgets what made America great: Its moral authority and its global leadership. Its young men and women who sacrificed their lives to protect the freedom of people around the world. It was America's engagement in the world and its readiness to assume leadership that earned the hearts and respect of the people. And that bestowed upon America its greatness.
In their 2015 book “Is the American Century Over?” preeminent American international relations theorist Joseph S. Nye concluded that the American century was not over. However, they offered a prescient warning: “If one looks for scenarios which could precipitate decline, among the negative futures are one in which the United States becomes too fearful and overreacts to terrorist attacks by closing inwards and thus cutting itself off from the strength it obtains from openness.”
Nye's prescription? “If it wishes to prolong the American century, the United States must shape the international environment and create incentives for others through trade, finance, culture, and institutions, and forming networks and institutions for action.”
That means active engagement and leadership, not withdrawal and isolationism. While “Make America great again” is a great slogan, the truth is that America is great now. In fact, Trump's “disruptor” policies may deal a greater blow to America's current greatness rather than make the country great again.
The writer is a senior culture writer at The Korea Herald. They can be reached at khooran@heraldcorp.com. – Ed.
김후란기자@heraldcorp.com
¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) – The stage is set to welcome St. Louis City's newest and first ever woman mayor. Crews have been busy decorating the city hall rotunda for Lyda Krewson's inauguration Tuesday.
The stage has been set and crews have pretty much set up everything that's needed for the ceremony. The chairs are set behind the podium and lawn chairs facing the podium reserved for family and friends.
Some of the rotunda walls and stairs covered in red white and blue bunting.
Getting ready for their inauguration, Mayor-Elect Krewson held meetings Tuesday night with Kansas City Mayor Sly James and St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger.
James is expected to deliver a pre-inaugural address introduction Lyda Krewson.
In the meantime, Fox 2 caught up with Collector of Revenue Greg Daly who says in the 35 years they have worked at city hall, this is the first-time things will be a little different as far as the set up for the inauguration is concerned, “I've been at city hall for many years and this time of the year the third Tuesday of every April when there's a swearing in it's a big deal here at city hall." "I do remember as an old hand here at city hall where it would take a couple of days to construct the actual stage and we'd have carpenters in here and putting up the stage and it was quite an undertaking.”
The swearing in ceremony begins at noon and it's opened to the public.
A three-vehicle, non-injury crash occurred early Monday at Plum Creek Parkway and Sagebrush Lane in south Lexington. One of the three damaged vehicles was being loaded onto a wrecker outfitted with a flatbed shortly after 6 a.m. Officers on-scene were able to investigate the mishap and clear the crash site quickly. Authorities did not dispatch a fire truck or ambulance.
Other things to know when Pittsburgh visits Syracuse on Saturday:
DYNAMIC DUO: Record-setting receiver Amba Etta-Tawo, a transfer from Maryland, completed their one-year Syracuse career last November against Pitt with 13 receptions for 178 yards and five touchdowns. The Orange don't figure to miss a beat with senior wideouts Steve Ishmael and Erv Philips.
Ishmael has eclipsed 100 yards receiving in every game and leads the nation with 10.2 catches per game while Philips is third at 8.8. The two have a combined 95 catches for 1,052 yards and four TDs.
MAX IS BACK ... MAYBE: The two-man tug of war at quarterback for Pitt appears to be over. Graduate transfer Max Browne put the competition between themselves and sophomore Ben DiNucci to rest -- for now -- after lighting up Rice for 410 yards and four touchdowns.
"Max is back, and we've just got to keep them that way, and we've got to be able to throw the ball this weekend, for sure," Narduzzi said.
For the first time all season, Browne had the time and the confidence to go deep regularly. Four different receivers had at least one reception of at least 20 yards against Rice. The Panthers entered the game near the bottom of the country in yards per completion.
UNDER ATTACK: The Panthers are ranked 106th in the country against the pass, though that's actually an improvement over a year ago, when Pitt was next-to-last in the nation. The resume included allowing 440 yards to the Orange.
Narduzzi doesn't feel quite as wary this time around. The return of safety Jordan Whitehead from suspension and the improvement of Dane Jackson at corner have given the secondary a bit more bite.
"They want to get matchups. Sure, they are going to try to go after our safeties, and I would, too," Narduzzi said. "So we have got to shore up what we are doing with those guys, how we are doing it. And you know, they can go after the corners. I hope they go after the corners because I feel good about whom those guys are out there right now. I feel a lot better than we did last year at this game."
THE DUNGEY FACTOR: Last year backup QB Zack Mahoney started against Pitt in place of Eric Dungey, who missed the final three games of the season. Mahoney tied a school record with five TD passes and also ran for 49 yards and two TDs in finishing with 489 yards in total offence, the second-best total at Syracuse.
Dungey is much more experienced and a more dangerous dual threat, and he, too, is healthy. Dungey ranks in the top 10 nationally in completions per game (27) and total offence (342.8 yards).
DOME HOME: The Carrier Dome once was a house of horrors for Pitt. The Panthers are 8-10-1 there but 6-2 in their last eight visits. Pitt also has won 11 of the past 12 games in the series.
___
AP Sports Writer Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report.
___
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Kekis, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Animal rescuers believe there's new evidence of dog fighting in St. Louis.
They're hoping to save a dog covered in scars that can't be "explained away".
Buster, estimated to be 3-years-old, is now getting emergency vet care.
The medical team suspects Buster has been used as "bait" to train dogs to fight or rile them up for battle, said Mandy Ryan, of the Missouri K9 Friends rescue.
Buster is walking again with the help of a sling to keep the weight off their wounded back leg. Their front legs are wounded, too. Their face is covered with scars. He's very sick from infections, heartworms, and malnutrition. They weigh about 50 pounds when they should weigh closer to 80.
The most glaring evidence that he's been used as bait for is inside their mouth.
“A few of their teeth have been pulled out. Some of them are infected like they were attempted to be pulled out or filed…see how that tooth has missing chunks on it,” Ryan said, pointing to Buster's missing and broken teeth. “The people who do this to dogs, they pull their teeth out or file them down so they can't fight back.”
A man found buster Saturday evening in alley near Shreve and Farlin in North St. Louis.
They told Fox 2/News 11 they tend to stray cats there and noticed Buster; Buster hobbled right to them when called.
St. Louis Police have had no reports of dog fighting in the area.
It'd be shocking if they did, Ryan said.
“It's very much underground. It's very hidden. Buster is extremely lucky that they got found…he never has to worry about abuse anymore. He's going to get spoiled and loved … he's definitely a sweetheart,” Ryan said.
Buster's recovery is expected to take months.
There's hope that maybe he'll make a great holiday gift for someone.
The Missouri K9 Friends rescue also hopes anyone with information about dog fighting in St. Louis will come forward.
Janet Yellen Helped Steer An Economy In Crisis To Stability
Yellen ends their term Saturday as the first woman to chair the Federal Reserve. NPR's Michel Martin talks with Financial Times editor Rana Foroohar about their career and what lies ahead.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
The head of the U.S. banking system who helped right the economy coming out of the financial crisis steps aside today. Janet Yellen served four years as chair of the Federal Reserve. They were an appointee of President Obama. She's the first woman to hold that position, but they were not reappointed to serve another term. President Trump appointed Jerome Powell to take Yellen's place. We wanted to look back on Yellen's career, so we called Rana Foroohar.  They are a columnist at The Financial Times, and they were kind enough to join us from New York. Rana, thanks so much for speaking with us.
RANA FOROOHAR: Hey. Thanks for having me.
MARTIN: So let's start with the basics. What does the head of the Federal Reserve do?
FOROOHAR: Well, the Federal Reserve is the country's central banker, which means that it controls the money supply in America. It controls where interest rates are set, which has a big impact, of course, on everything from your home mortgage to what you might be paying on your auto loans or any other kind of loans you might have outstanding. And it's also the regulator in chief of the financial sector. The Fed regulates other banks in America.
MARTIN: So tell us about the scene they inherited when they moved from being vice chair of the Fed to becoming Fed chair.
FOROOHAR: They inherited what might have been one of the most tricky economic situations in Fed history. You know, we weren't in the middle of the financial crisis at that point, but the Federal Reserve had, in the previous few years, dumped an unprecedented amount of money into the economy - $4 trillion in all since the financial crisis - to try and get the economy going. And it was Janet Yellen's job to keep that process steady and then eventually start to turn the taps of that easy money off.
Now, why is that such a hard thing? Because financial markets loved all that money, but when you start to turn the taps off, you tend to get volatility. You can get stock crashes. You could potentially get another recession if you do things wrong. So they inherited a really, really tricky job.
MARTIN: You wrote that back in 2014, when they first came into office, that they focused on the human impact of economics, and that they really wanted to be sure that policy helped ordinary households. How did we see that play out in economic policy?
FOROOHAR: Yeah, absolutely. It was such a diametric shift. Fed chairs usually come in and they care a lot about Wall Street, and they typically come from Wall Street - Janet Yellen did not. They grew up in Red Hook, Brooklyn. Them father was a family physician who used to treat dockworkers. And coming into the position after the financial crisis, they thought a lot about what was going to help ordinary workers as opposed to Wall Street.
MARTIN: What do you think she'll be known for? I mean, when this chapter of the Fed's history is written, how do you think she'll be described?
FOROOHAR: Well, it's interesting. I think that she'll be described as absolutely a safe pair of hands, someone that gave us security and stability at a time when the economy really needed it. There is one interesting juxtaposition though. You know, I mentioned earlier that they care very much about working people, and having interviewed them personally a number of times, I know that to be the case.
At the same time, the policy of keeping interest rates low, which was designed to create pressure at the bottom end of the job market and help people, you know, making $15 an hour, maybe help the employment in that part of the job market, it also created, ironically, wealth inequality. Because when interest rates are low, asset prices like stocks and bonds and so forth go up in value, and so that actually created inequality. And that's something that we're all having to struggle with now, today, in our economy. And it's going to be a big question as to how to handle this for the Fed going forward.
MARTIN: That's Rana Foroohar. She's a columnist and an associate editor for The Financial Times. They were kind enough to join us from the studios at the Financial Times in New York. Rana Foroohar, thanks so much for speaking with us.
FOROOHAR: Thank you for having me.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
This combination photo shows George Clooney at the Los Angeles premiere of "Suburbicon" in Los Angeles on Oct. 22, 2017, left, and Julia Roberts in London to promote their film "Wonder" on Nov. 5, 2017. Roberts will present Clooney, their longtime friend and frequent co-star, with the AFI Life Achievement Award at a gala to be held at the Dolby Theatre on June 7. (AP Photo)
This combination photo shows George Clooney at the Los Angeles premiere of "Suburbicon" in Los Angeles on Oct. 22, 2017, left, and Julia Roberts in London to promote their film "Wonder" on Nov. 5, 2017. Roberts will present Clooney, their longtime friend and frequent co-star, with the AFI Life Achievement Award at a gala to be held at the Dolby Theatre on June 7. (AP Photo)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Julia Roberts is stepping out to present their longtime friend and frequent co-star George Clooney with one of the highest honors in film.
The American Film Institute says Wednesday that Roberts will be on hand to give Clooney the 46th AFI Life Achievement Award at a gala to be held at the Dolby Theatre on June 7.
Roberts has co-starred with Clooney in a number of films including "Ocean's Eleven," ''Ocean's Twelve" and "Money Monster." They also starred in their directorial debut "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind."
The AFI tribute to Clooney will be broadcast on TNT on June 21 at 10:00 p.m. Eastern and Pacific.
Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:12 Photo ID: 3083234 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0108 Resolution: 2400x3000 Size: 1.08 MB Location: US
Web Views: 8 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Russian Social Accounts Adding To Complaints That Austin Bombings Aren't Being Covered Social media users are complaining that the Austin bombings isn't getting enough coverage in the press. But it isn't only American Twitter users, for example, who are saying that. Accounts associated with Russian influence operations also have picked up that thread.
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour, an environmental organization says.
After a review, Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health, and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment.
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break, or as solvents, and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers, children's toys, detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo.
Muhannad Malas, who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence, said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion.
They said one of the key differences is that in Europe, the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use.
They said Canada's law needs to be modernized.
Last June, the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, which governs the use of chemicals.
One of them was to mimic Europe's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it.
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and they said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018.
In New Hampshire to talk up their approach to dealing with the opioid epidemic, President Donald Trump laid blame on Lawrence, Mass. and prompted a pointed response from the city's mayor.
Trump claimed it was time to "get tough" on drug dealers through the death penalty and said cities like Lawrence and Boston, "sanctuary cities" for undocumented immigrants, shield and release "criminals." Lawrence is source of drugs for New Hampshire, they added.
Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera started a televised news conference later Monday by saying "shame on the president."
"He's trafficking in pain and divisiveness, creating boogeymen when we need solutions," Rivera said.
"You know what beat the crack epidemic and the cocaine epidemic? It was police practicing community policing, jobs for inner city kids and treatment, treatment, treatment," the mayor said.
President Donald Trump announces plan to crack down on opioid abuse, open drug dealers to death penalty at New Hampshire event
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh also criticized Trump, saying in a statement that the president has "criminalized both our immigrant community and those suffering from substance abuse all in one speech today."
"It's time to stop painting all undocumented immigrants as criminals," Walsh said. "Our immigrant community makes positive contributions to our city each and every day. And this epidemic is not something we can arrest our way out of--we need actual investments in prevention and treatment programs and policies, not just talk."
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker declines to weigh in on President Donald Trump's death penalty proposal for drug dealers
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A powerful right-wing Tory has doubled down and insisted civil servants ARE running a conspiracy against Hard Brexit .
Jacob Rees-Mogg, who leads the European Research Group of Tory Brexiteers, stood by their "conspiracy theory" despite being humiliated when a "rumour" they raised of it in the Commons turned out to be untrue.
Brexit minister Steve Baker has since made a humiliating climbdown over the issue after facing fury from the civil servants' union.
Mr Baker wrongly said a think tank boss told them civil servants have deliberately made every Brexit option but the Customs Union look bad, "to influence policy".
Replying after Mr Rees-Mogg raised the issue in Parliament, Mr Baker declared to MPs that it was an "extraordinary allegation" and did not shoot it down.
Yet Charles Grant, the think tank boss who supposedly made the comment, denied doing so - and a recording of the meeting proved them right.
Despite the backlash, Mr Rees-Mogg stood by the "conspiracy theory" tonight - insisting there was a Whitehall plot against Hard Brexit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The MP said they still had a "worrying suspicion" about "bonkers" Treasury calculations and its interaction with pro-Remain bodies like the Confederation of British Industry.
They said: "You just wonder whether there isn't a pattern in that, whether there isn't some orchestration rather than being an accidental constellation of the stars."
They added Treasury forecasts "are designed to a particular end, and the end is to show the only thing we should do, lo and behold, is stay in the Customs Union - which basically means not leaving the EU."
But in a blue-on-blue attack, they added: "The blame always has to lie with ministers... I think it's the Chancellor of the Exchequer who has to take responsibility for their department."
On Charles Grant's comments they admitted: "If they say they didn't make it, they say they didn't make it.
(Image: UK parliament)
"I had heard this rumour and therefore I asked the minister because it was at a meeting the minister was at.
"The minister's memory of the meeting was this had been said - I wasn't there so I don't know, and I never pretended to know."
They added forecasts are "designed to produce a bad outcome" and said: "What Charles Grant said or didn't say at a lunch doesn't really matter very much - I never claimed to have heard it.
"What does matter is they broadly indicated this in a tweet, it fits in with the facts, and it's why you can be so suspicious of these forecasts.
"Because they are designed to a particular end, and the end is to show the only thing we should do, lo and behold, is stay in the Customs Union - which basically means not leaving the EU."
The FDA civil service union said Mr Baker's behaviour was the "height of irresponsibility" and questioned whether they were fit for the job.
General Secretary Dave Penman said: "To stand at the despatch box and refuse to challenge a half-baked conspiracy theory about the civil service – one that is even now being disowned by its supposed source – is the height of irresponsibility from a serving minister.
"It is not good enough for Mr Baker to simply shrug their shoulders and allow unfounded accusations about officials to go unchallenged.
“These cowardly actions are beneath the office they hold, and Mr Baker risks seriously undermining the government they are a part of.”
Tonight Mr Baker made a humiliating climbdown.
They tweeted: "I answered a question based on my honest recollection of a conversation. As I said, I considered what I had understood to be implausible, because of the impartiality of the civil service.
"The audio of that conversation is now available and I am glad the record stands corrected. In the context of that audio, I accept that I should have corrected the premise of the question.
"I will apologise to Charles Grant, who is an honest and trustworthy man. As I have put on record many times, I have the highest regard for our hardworking civil servants. I will clarify my remarks to the House."
Woodroffe, who was from Vancouver Island, said before going to Peru that they hoped an apprenticeship with a plant healer from the Shipibo tribe would help their goal of changing careers to become an addiction counsellor using hallucinogenic medicine.
"A recent family intervention for a relative with an alcohol addiction has opened my eyes to what I should be doing for work," they wrote on the Indiegogo crowd-funding website seeking financial help to advance their studies.
"The plant medicine I have the opportunity of learning is far deeper than ingesting a plant and being healed. It is not about getting 'high' either. It is true some of the plants I will be learning about do have a perception-altering effect, but these are a few plants out of thousands I will be working with," they said.
A close family member of Woodroffe declined to comment on Woodroffe's death in a Facebook message to The Canadian Press.
In December 2015, Winnipeg resident Joshua Stevens fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours' drive from where Woodroffe was killed.
Stevens, 31, said they found relief from a rash that covered 40 per cent of their body by drinking the brew at a ceremony in Winnipeg and went to the Phoenix Ayahuasca retreat near the town of Iquitos to "pay homage to the natives down there and to learn with them."
They and British tourist Unais Gomes, 25, drank the hallucinogenic brew, but things quickly went wrong, Stevens said.
Gomes attacked the Canadian and two workers at the retreat with a large butcher knife and Stevens said they were forced to make a life-or-death decision to stab the British man, who died a short time later.
"I still have a hard time with it myself because on one hand I was cured and on the other hand what happened to me and what happened with this man, it's making me wonder and question it," Stevens said. "I'm not sure what to think of it because I hold very dearly onto the suffering I had for three years and I was able to receive relief through the plant, so I'm confused about it."
The British newspaper The Guardian reported that police concluded Stevens had acted in self-defence.
Also in 2015, Canadian Jennifer Logan died in Peru after drinking a "tobacco purge" tea at the Canto Luz Centre outside Puerto Maldonado.
Logan's sister said the tea was not the hallucinogenic ayahuasca, but it caused the 32-year-old to vomit until they lost consciousness. The centre described their reaction to the tea as "extreme and unusual."
Initial autopsy results found Jennifer Logan died of pulmonary edema, an accumulation of fluid in the lungs that can cause respiratory failure.
By The Canadian Press, The Associated Press
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The New York Jets' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns' logo wearing a cone around its neck — along with a Jets collar tag.
It also showed four dog biscuits — two of them broken — on the ground. The tweet included the word, "Sit" followed by #NYJvsCLE.
It was deleted about an hour after being posted. Someone might be in the doghouse because of it.
The message didn't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and their players have been saying all week — the 2-2 squad is "not good enough to look past anybody."
'Taxi Driver' writer has infused their new movie 'First Reformed' with with the tension you loved the first time around
'Taxi Driver' writer has infused their new movie 'First Reformed' with with the tension you loved the first time around May 25
Sci-fi thriller 'Upgrade': When your body has a mind of its own
Sci-fi thriller 'Upgrade': When your body has a mind of its own May 30
'Saw' mastermind Leigh Whannell on their new sci-fi movie, and why horror people are happy people
'Saw' mastermind Leigh Whannell on their new sci-fi movie, and why horror people are happy people May 30
Upgrade is an update on the old Six Million Dollar Man premise – a story about advanced technology used to rebuild and improve “a man barely alive.”
It's set in a near future controlled and outfitted by tech monopolies, a world of sleek apartments, driverless cars, voice assistants, and – oops – violent street crime.
When Grey (Logan Marshall-Green) is mangled and nearly killed by a sadistic gang, a tech lord and reclusive weirdo (is that redundant?) named Eron (Harrison Gilbertson) offers to restore their useless limbs with a revolutionary new spinal implant.
Eron looks like Ronan Farrow and acts like Mark Zuckerberg and, paired with Jared Leto's character in Blade Runner 2049, reflects an anxious mistrust of the tech overlords currently engineering our lives, with or without our consent.
Grey personifies this anxiety – he's suspicious of new technology, questions its usefulness, and makes their living by rebuilding vintage cars. In their spare time, they work on their Carter-era Dodge muscle car, which signals their independence and autonomy.
>> READ MORE: ‘Saw' mastermind Leigh Whannell on their new sci-fi movie, and why horror people are happy people
Both are challenged by the new device in their body. The implant, known as STEM, is artificially intelligent – smart enough to interface between Grey's brain and their restored nervous system, also smart enough draw instantly from a top-secret omniscient mega-Google.
Thus, Grey has quick access to virtually any information they need. It comes to Grey via psychic feed — STEM communicates with their host internally (we hear its voice). And though Grey and STEM are meant to work in harmony, sometimes Grey's will and STEM's programming are at cross-purposes, and we feel we're watching a movie (mixing horror and comedy) about possession — which incidentally is a subject well known to writer-director Leigh Whannell, who wrote the Insidious movies.
Whannell conjures a decent sci-fi wrinkle here. Grey, their Steve Austin, isn't really stronger, just enabled by STEM to function at the extreme outer range of their natural human capacity.
Since they share an instinct for survival, Grey and STEM team up on an independent investigation of the crime that caused their injury, setting freelancing vigilante Grey against the police officer (Betty Gabriel) who is assigned to their case.
Gabriel played the eerily zoned-out maid in Get Out, and Upgrade is another Blumhouse Production, which is to say, frugal. What works for horror, though, is less conducive to science-fiction, where paltry budgets are more of an impediment to the look of the finished product.
Whannell looks like he's been given a budget of $1.49. Still, they manage to give the movie some B-movie thriller energy, and a certifiable money sequence – Grey, ceding control of their body to STEM, becoming a hand-to-hand combat badass, with ultrafast reaction time and moves choreographed by a supercomputer.
It's a funny concept, helped by Marshall-Green's blended look of pleasure and consternation at being the vessel for an invincibility that they enjoy but cannot control.
MOVIES
Upgrade
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nine people in a Yorkshire have died in less than one month after it is feared they fell victim to a deadly 'rogue' heroin .
The string of deaths began this month when two men and a woman died in Sheffield inside a week prompting a police warning to all drug users.
But officers were forced to act again this weekend after six more deaths within 48 hours.
A coroner's investigation is underway into each death.
Four people died in the Barnsley area and two more in Leeds and Normanton over Easter.
They are all feared to have taken a 'super strength' heroin before they died.
In the latest deaths, officers found a 36-year-old man's body at a property in Compton View, Leeds at about 8.20am on Saturday.
(Photo: Getty)
Then just three hours later paramedics were called to a 27-year-old man with breathing problems in Park Green, Normanton. They died at the scene.
These deaths came within 24 hours of the discovery of the bodies of three men and a woman at separate addresses in Barnsley, South Yorkshire on Good Friday.
Det Chief Inspector Jim Dunkerley, said: “We do believe these deaths are Class A drugs-related.”
The force said it was aware of warnings issued by other police forces about unusually strong heroin in circulation.
Police are waiting for toxicology results to confirm the cause of their deaths.
Class A drugs include heroin, cocaine, including crack, methadone, ecstasy, LSD and magic mushrooms.
"It seems prudent to issue a warning now to local drugs users," Det Ch Insp Dunkerley added.
South Yorkshire Police said it was not officially linking the deaths, but warned drug users to exercise caution.
Temporary Ch Insp Ian Proffitt said the force was trying to establish a possible link to the strength or content of heroin being sold locally.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"For four deaths to occur in similar circumstances in a small time period and in a relatively small geographical area is unusual," they said.
"The public should exercise caution if they come into contact with controlled drugs, particularly heroin, or heroin derivatives.
"If you experience any unusual symptoms after taking drugs, seek medical attention immediately."
A 37-year old man and a 42-year-old man arrested on suspicion of supplying controlled drugs have been released on bail.
South Yorkshire Police is urging anyone with information about the illegal supply of drugs to contact them.
Figures released last September revealed drug deaths in Yorkshire were at an all-time high.
Government statistics revealed that 297 deaths from drug poisonings were registered in Yorkshire in 2015, a figure up 50 per cent from 195 in 2014.
Nationwide, there were 3,674 drug poisoning deaths registered in England and Wales in 2015, the highest since records began in 1993.
CLOSE Taking Back Alder Park in Dover. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY
Buy Photo Delaware State Police Troop 3 commander Capt. Joshua Bushweller answers a question about crime in Camden from resident Nancy Ward during a 2017 year in review Thursday evening at Troop 3. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)Buy Photo
Longtime Camden resident Nancy Ward knows that the Delaware State Police have a big job handling crime in Kent County but wasn't surprised when they heard many core crimes were the lowest in 15 years in 2017.
They and their husband have had dealings with Troop 3 in the past because of break-ins at both their business and residence and "have always had positive results."
That was the message Troop 3 commander Capt. Joshua Bushweller wanted to convey during the Troop 3 Year in Review on Thursday night.
Calling the Troop the largest in the state under one commander, Bushweller said the 93 sworn troopers (in addition to five civilians) that patrol Kent County south to the Sussex County line, just north of Dover and west to the Maryland line, are a part of the fabric of the community.
"We feel very proud of what the men and women of Troop 3 have done in 2017," Bushweller said to the more than 75 people who attended the presentation. "Their commitment continues to make the community we police safer."
STORY: Court docs: UD cop used belt to discipline son, charged with child abuse
STORY: Senate Minority Leader Gary Simpson to retire
Bushweller and the three lieutenants under them that run Troop 3 highlighted the double-digit percentage point reductions in robberies, burglaries and thefts, all of which are the lowest in 15 years.
Other sources of pride were the clearance rates for core crimes and the 753 proactive drug arrests made by Troop 3 in 2017, among others.
"Overall, we did very well in all of these areas and others in 2017," Bushweller said. "But our goal is to always do better than the year before, so we'll continue to work to make that happen."
Robberies in Troop 3 were down 35.7 percent last year compared to 2016. The number eclipsed the Troop's goal of a 3 percent reduction. The clearance rate was the second-highest since 2005 at over 61 percent, with the national clearance rate for robberies 29.3 percent.
Troop 3 reduced burglaries by 20.8 percent in 2017, which is the lowest rate since the realignment of troop boundaries in 2013. A reduction goal of 8 percent was set for the year. A clearance rate of 39.4 percent eclipsed the national average of 13.1 percent.
The number of thefts in Troop 3 was down 16.7 percent, with the Troop setting a reduction goal of 5 percent. The clearance rate was tied for the Troop 3 record at 42 percent, with the national average at 20.4 percent.
Buy Photo Delaware State Police Troop 3 commander Capt. Joshua Bushweller addresses the more than 75 people who came out Thursday evening to hear the troop's 2017 year in review presentation. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)
Bushweller credited the commitment of their troopers for the reductions, but also said the DSP's evidence-based, data-driven policing model called State Police Enhanced Analytic Response had an impact as well.
Since the latter part of 2016, each of the nine DSP troops has been using crime data to assess where the most resources are needed. That's where additional resources are usually deployed.
In a November 2017 story in The News Journal, Superintendent of the Delaware State Police Col. Nathaniel McQueen Jr. said the new practice is reducing crime, improving traffic safety and strengthening community partnerships by leveraging technology.
Up and down the state, McQueen has seen the model that holds commanders and troopers alike accountable yield results.
"To date, the S.P.E.A.R. program is working effectively in all three counties," Col. McQueen said. "Future success of the S.P.E.A.R. program will require it to become institutionalized into the daily operations of the Delaware State Police, similar to answering 911 calls."
Bushweller said Troop 3 has two hotspots, including the Alder Park Apartments/Rodney Village area of Dover, where troopers patrol more than 40 hours a month. From 2016 to the same time period in 2017, there has been a 7 percent reduction in crime in that hotspot.
With the recent sale of the two adjacent apartment communities of Alder Park Apartments and Pine Grove Apartments, Bushweller was concerned that inroads made with management and residents might affect the positive crime tend.
Recognizing Alder Park as a high crime area, State Police – which has jurisdiction over the complex – developed a multi-faceted strategy to address the increasingly violent and general nuisance criminal activity there.
Buy Photo Cpl. Heather Imhof, left, Community Outreach Officer and Cpt. Joshua Bushweller, Troop 3 Commander walk the grounds at Alder Park Apartments in Dover's Caesar Rodney Village. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)
The Take Back Alder Park initiative started in July 2016 and has shown "great" results, Bushweller said. They said the effort continues to a lesser degree now with community outreach and regular patrols.
Using a four-pronged approach – education, enforcement, empowerment and neighborhood beautification – Bushweller said crime decreased more than 60 percent at Alder Park from 2015 to 2016, and slightly more in 2017.
"Cpl. (Heather) Imhof had a meeting with the new owners and management recently and we believe the partnership will continue," Bushweller said. "We've had a positive impact there and we want that to continue."
Another Troop 3 hotspot is Meadowbrook Acres in Magnolia. While Bushweller said many drug-related arrests have taken place there, one resident doesn't think enough is being done to curtail crime in the area.
Joe Zober and their family have rental properties in Meadowbrook Acres. They have seen crime taper off some in recent years, but he'd like to see more arrests made.
"Crime is stable, but more can be done," said Zober, who has regular interaction with DSP. "It's a known hotspot and I've been trying to make it less of one."
Bushweller said the cards are stacked against their troopers as 92 percent of the crime in Troop 3 occurs outside of the major hotspots. They said with limited resources and most of the crime happening outside the Rodney Village and Meadowbrook Acres areas, troopers can't always maintain a high profile there.
"It's a challenge," they said. "We know crime is happening in those areas, but the majority of crime is taking place elsewhere in the county."
Complaint load
Bushweller said Troop 3 has the highest complaint load in the state. In 2017, there were 15,120 crimes committed within the Troop 3 boundaries. From those crimes, troopers filed 7,739 crime reports.
From those came a total of 2,956 criminal charges (2,006 male and 950 female). A breakdown shows that domestic-related crimes made up 38.6 percent of the total, while 11 percent were drug arrests.
"We are known as the domestic capital of the state," Bushweller said. "They are time-consuming and very dangerous."
The "low" number of drug arrests didn't sit well with a man in the audience who said they thought it was very low and that the DSP should be doing a better job making drug-related arrests.
Bushweller countered with the argument that it all comes down to resources. They said that with the number of troopers and investigators tasked to make drug busts, they are content with the number for now.
According to DSP statistics, Troop 3 handles 59 complaints per day, while Troop 2 has 57, Troop 6 has 54 and Troop 4 handles 30 per day.
Delaware Sen. Colin Bonini, R-16th District, who attended Thursday night's presentation, said more troopers are needed in Kent County, as well as the entire state.
"There aren't enough troopers in Delaware," they said. "We are constantly aware of that and continue to find resources to hire more."
Despite a large geographical area and limited resources, Ward gave props to Bushweller and Troop 3 for their crime-fighting efforts.
"They set goals and they are meeting a lot of them," they said. "They don't get the credit they deserve."
Reach Jerry Smith at jsmith17@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @JerrySmithTNJ.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/03/delaware-state-police-kent-county-core-crime-lowest-more-than-decade-2017/300408002/
—Photo by PCB
LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board on Monday clarified some reports in the media regarding the ongoing meetings on the new proposed ICC International Cricket Structures and the effect of these on the ICC Future Tours Programme with specific reference to Pakistan v India Series.
“Since the onset of these discussions, PCB has reiterated its position on bilateral series vs India. Our position is that PCB's agreement to the revised structures for international cricket is subject to the condition that PCB has a valid agreement to play bilateral matches with India and India vs Pakistan matches would be included in the FTP. This continues to be our position”, said a spokesperson of the PCB here.
They said the PCB has also informed the ICC that it has initiated a dispute resolution process against the BCCI under the ICC Dispute Resolution Committee Terms of Reference.
Further to that the PCB's claim is based on an existing agreement with the BCCI which contemplates that India will tour Pakistan in December 2019, August 2020 and Nov – Dec 2022 and Pakistan will tour India in Nov – Dec 2021.
“Under the prevailing circumstances, it is PCB's position that if the Dispute Resolution Committee decides the dispute in PCB's favour then any FTP will need to be adjusted to reflect the decision.
Any agreement of the PCB to any new FTP structure will therefore be without prejudice to its existing claims against BCCI and will be subject to the outcome of the ICC dispute resolution process”, they added.—APP
Musicians visiting Austin are often asked to play in some pretty unusual places. Like, for instance, the unfinished hallway of a KUTX staff member's East Austin home. But for Brent Cowles, the spartan setting provided the perfect opportunity to strip their 2017 single "Cold Times" down to the bare essentials and let their powerful vocals take center stage.
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:15 7:15
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:19 7:19
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. They visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller "some peace of mind."
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
Founded in 1965, The Mirror is the official bi-weekly newspaper of the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau. To subscribe or request a digital issue, please contact atoben@dioscg.org.
Send story ideas to leidson@dioscg.org.
Test Boost Elite the shop clerk, the technical representative, and so forth. You likely ought to wear many distinct hats. All of these hats require time, strength, planning and follow through, and it is easy to neglect the only undeniable money making fact: whilst you boost sales conversions, you enhance your backside line. while you're giving all of that effort and time on your content answer, your social networking strategies, your site visitors era procedure, your advertising plan and other advertising and marketing techniques, you rather could be attaining your revenue goals by providing more consideration on your sales manner itself, and coming across what you could do to enhance sales conversions. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
A user demonstrates the use of Apple Pay. (Yonhap)
Apple's executives recently held a meeting with South Korean financial authorities, a move that can be viewed as the company testing the waters before fully reviewing a potential launch here, sources said Wednesday.“Apple's legal director and senior counselor came to Korea in November to have a meeting with financial authorities. They explained Apple Pay's technical operation and security method -- tokenization,” a source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald.Tokenization, which Samsung Pay also uses, is the process of replacing sensitive data, such as credit card or fingerprint information, with unique identification symbols.“Apple said they will partner with local credit card companies in the future but did not elaborate on the specific details,” the source said.To start such a mobile payment service in Korea, the company should have another meeting with the financial authorities to decide whether it will be registered as an electronic financial business operator. Apple is not yet scheduled to have such a meeting with the government.Currently, Samsung Pay is not registered as an electronic financial business operator because it does not benefit from financial transactions, while Naver Pay and Kakao Pay are registered as electronic financial business operators.Local card companies forecast that Google's Android Pay is likely to be introduced earlier than Apple Pay in Korea.“While the technology development with Google for Android Pay is in full swing, the work with Apple is still in an early stage,” said an anonymous official from a local card company.Google is now working with local card companies including KB Kookmin, Shinhan, Lotte and Hyundai to develop both online and offline payment systems. In terms of offline payment, the card firms are jointly developing NFC, or near-field communication, based on a payment system with Google. The NFC-based payment system means users can transfer money by tapping their smartphone on a NFC terminal.“When Android Pay starts the service here, it is likely to first offer online payment service because there are not yet many stores with NFC terminals in Korea,” the source from the card company said.Samsung Pay, currently a sole offline mobile payment service here, supports Magnetic Secure Transmission, which works on any credit card terminal.Google is expected to have a meeting soon with the Korean financial authorities to decide whether to register as an electronic financial business operator.“Google Korea is now arranging the schedule with its headquarters to have the meeting at the request of the Korean financial authorities,” a source said.By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com)
Focus on one item at a time. You could feel as if you are fighting an uphill battle. You might need to take a step back. You might sense that someone is acting in a controlling manner. Working with this person could be close to impossible.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You might feel pressured to perform or manifest certain key qualities because of a higher-up's request. You will do your best, and your creativity is likely to challenge others, including this person. A partner applauds a job well done.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
You could be pushing others harder than you realize. You might want to challenge someone who is considered to be an expert. Be ready for a strong reaction. Listen to what is being said, but do not hesitate to present your case as well.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You might want to make a move but feel as if it isn't possible. Be aware of someone else's limitations when discussing deep feelings. Confusion can breed mystery as well as attraction. Perhaps you might not want to cause yourself a problem.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
You could be thinking of alternative ideas as a key person presents what they or they feel works. Why not work on a compromise? You will discover that you can build an even stronger bond by softening your need to challenge this person.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You might feel off-kilter as you deal with a problem involving your work. How you see a situation could change if you try to identify with an associate's thinking. Understand where this person is coming from, Listen to a suggestion more carefully.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Allow your ingenuity to meet the demands of the day. How you handle a difficult situation will be very important. Others recognize that the situation is problematic and might trigger you. You can clear up the issue with ease.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
An innate tension could cause a problem with a roommate or family member. Be more direct in how you deal with this person, as they or they might add to your negativity right now. Be willing to walk away from the situation, if need be.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swedish furniture retailer Ikea has announced that one of its gas hobs sold in the UK must be repaired because its carbon monoxide (CO) emissions are above EU-allowed limits.
Ikea urged customers to stop using the rapid burner in the upper right corner of any version of the Eldslaga hob bought before January 1 this year.
It described the recall for repair as a "precautionary measure" and said there was no elevated risk of fire or explosion and there had been no reported incidents.
The retailer has asked customers to contact its customer service team to book a home visit by a technician to repair the fault, saying a receipt is not needed and it would do its "utmost" to minimise the waiting time.
It said the fault was due to human error which resulted in the wrong gas injector installed, leading to CO emissions above EU limits.
The recall follows an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities.
The model was sold in 22 European countries.
Ikea apologised for "any inconvenience this may cause".
The victim of a convicted sex attacker has spoken of their horror after they were spotted on the streets of Bristol after being released from prison.
John White, now 46, was released earlier this year after being convicted more than four years ago.
They had been found guilty in Bristol Crown Court of two charges of causing or inciting a child to engage in a sexual activity and one charge of attempted rape. The judge sentenced them on April 29, 2013, to nine years behind bars, but they have since been released.
Witnesses and the victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said they were horrified to find out they had been allowed back into Bristol. Their victim was just a teenager when they were abused.
They said: “I heard [from a witness's family] that they had been seen in Bristol. They have been told to not come into my neighbourhood, but they are allowed in Cabot Circus and around central Bristol.
“I go there to buy clothes and other stuff, and I am there a lot of the time. It's just wrong. I'm really worried I might bump into him.”
White had become close to the victim's family and started to get to know them while they were still a child. They invited them over and gave them alcoholic drinks and asked them to have sex with him. But when they said no, they tried to rape them
After reporting the incidents to the police in 2011, the trial that followed brought them into a period of anxiety and depression.
“I didn't want to live in Bristol anymore and wanted to move out,” they said.
“I didn't want to go to school, my behaviour became appalling and I did none of my exams. For years I didn't want a boyfriend.
“I didn't even want to report it because I thought I would be the bad one. I don't know what would happen if I bumped into them again. It would be terrible.”
The families of the witnesses who testified in court say they want them moved out of the region as well. They are now in talks with the probation service to ensure they never returns.
“We do not want them anywhere in Bristol at all,” they said. “It was only a few days ago when I heard they were out.”
Ministry of Justice guidelines state victims can make representations to the Parole Board about licence conditions, including an exclusion zone or preventing the offender from contacting the victim.
A spokesperson said they do not comment on individual cases.
They added: “Public protection is our top priority.
“Sex offenders on licence are robustly risk assessed and subject to a strict set of conditions, which may include preventing them from contacting their victims and banning them from entering certain areas.
“Those who fail to comply can be recalled to prison.”
Ten days ago, the future roles of both Jackie Bradley Jr. and Blake Swihart seemed uncertain for the Boston Red Sox.
Bradley's starting job looked threatened by their season-long slump while Swihart's spot on the roster was in question with Dustin Pedroia's return looking.
Since the unexpected designation of Hanley Ramirez on May 25, both players' production has increased. That continued in Wednesday's 6-4 win over Toronto at Fenway Park.
Bradley went 2-for-3 with an RBI double to inch their average (.196) ever closer to .200. He's now hit in five straight games and in eight of their last nine.
"I'm in a good spot. I've been working really hard. Hopefully it continues," they said. "I just keep swinging and working hard with the hitting coaches and staying diligent in my work.
Boston manager Alex Cora was encouraged.
"He worked to get into this situation, to find their swing. You can see he's not chasing. He's been able to catch up with the fast ball," Cora said. "He's been able to stay the other way which is very important. It's amazing what starts happening when you're able to see the ball. He's in a good position. He's on time.
"Like the great Manny Ramirez used to say. 'You can hit with one hand. You can hit with one leg. You cannot hit with one eye,' because you cannot see the ball," Cora continued. "Now he's seeing the ball and he's able to do what they want with it."
Bradley said it felt good to reward Cora's patience in them
"Obviously any time you're in there, you want to contribute and produce. That ain't going to happen if you're sitting," they said. "He knows how hard I work. They know it's a matter of time before it comes around."
Swihart's two hits brought them up to .179. He's now hit safely in eight of their last nine games.
"My timing is coming back at the plate. Everything is coming back," they said. "I just need to keep getting out there and getting reps."
For them getting reps will likely mean time at different spots. They still think of themselves as a catcher, but he's yet to start a game there this year. Swihart had split most of their time between left field and DH. He'd played first base twice this year, but Wednesday marked their first time starting there. They made one error that didn't prove costly in the seventh.
They said he's not fussy about where they play as long as they do.
"Anywhere that gets me in the lineup. I'm going to play anywhere I need to play to get into that lineup. Being a guy who can catch and play other positions, I pride myself on being an athlete who can do that," said Swihart, who got some tutoring at first from Mitch Moreland. "Talking to Mitch helped me out a lot. They tell me where to stand, what to think, things I never had to think about before. A lot goes into being prepared to be out there."
They said their catching experience helps at other positions.
"I get a little advantage being a catcher because I can predict what's coming next. I out myself behind the plate and think about what Sandy or (Vazquez) will might call to get a better jump on the ball."
Prior to Wednesday's game Cora speculated Swihart would make a start at catcher next week.
"Mostly likely it's going to be next week when we come back," Cora said. "We'll see how we finish this weekend in Houston."
LAHORE: Lahore is all ready to host Pakistan Super League (PSL)'s two playoffs, starting from Tuesday at Gaddafi Stadium.
The initial matches of the league were held in Dubai and Sharjah as the tournament has now moved to Lahore before final in Karachi.
The foreign players for Peshawar Zalmi, Quetta Gladiators and Karachi Kings along with coaching staff started to reach the city of gardens.
Two matches on March 20 and 21 will be held in Lahore.
Zalmi's foreign players including captain Darren Sammy, Liam Dawson, Andre Fletcher, Evin Lewis, and Chris Jordan arrived early Tuesday morning along with Karachi Kings' Ravi Bopara, Tymal Mills, David Wiese, Lendl Simmons, Colling Ingram and Joe Denly.
The players travelled to Pakistan in different foreign airlines and arrived in Lahore at different times during the Monday night, from where they were taken to their hotel amid tight security protocol.
The hotel staff gave them a warm welcome.
Talking to media, Gladiators' Rilee Russouw said: “I am very excited and hoping that my team will get a lot of support.”
Chris Greem from Gladiators also expressed excitement to be in Pakistan for the first time.
Meanwhile, Bangladeshi players, Mahmudullah and Tamim Iqbal have taken off from Sir Lanka and will be reaching Pakistan soon. Mahmudullah is representing Gladiators while Iqbal is part of Zalmi team.
Further, Sri Lankan Thisara Perera, Australian Chris Green, Yorkshire's Tom Kohler, West Indian Johnson Charles and South African Rossouw will be part of Gladiator team.
In the first playoff, Peshawar Zalmi will face Quetta Gladiators with the winner to play against Karachi Kings in the second eliminator for a place in the final.
The final will be played in Karachi. The metropolitan city is hosting its first cricket match after a gap of nine years. The city of lights hosted its last international match in February 2009 when Pakistan played against Sri Lanka.
Farmers On Mission To Return 'Old Testament Sheep' To Holy Land
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
A Jewish farming couple from Canada says it has shepherded the sheep of the bible back to the Holy Land after centuries in exile.
With donations from Jewish and Christian supporters, and some help from the Israeli government, Jenna and Gil Lewinsky have airlifted 119 furry members of the Jacob Sheep breed from their farm in Abbotsford, British Columbia, to Israel.
Jacob Sheep are found in the U.K. and North America, but the Lewinskys say the breed originally roamed the Middle East and ancient Israel, and their spotted and speckled coats match the description in the Book of Genesis of Jacob's flock.
"You know that Israel is built on Jewish people returning. Now you have a case of an animal from the Old Testament also returning," said Gil Lewinsky from a customs loading dock at Israel's international airport near Tel Aviv.
Several times a week in recent weeks, an Air Canada jet touched down at the airport carrying a group of the Lewinskys' fluffy Jacob Sheep in its cargo.
"Come, Israel, come!" farmer Jenna Lewinsky said to one reticent animal, coaxing them out of their shipping crate. Each animal comes with a Hebrew name.
About two years ago, the Lewinskys wanted help with their spiritual mission to repatriate Jacob Sheep to their biblical homeland, and they contacted Eitan Weiss, then the head of cultural relations at the Israeli embassy in Ottawa.
"I was like, what the hell? Sheep?" Weiss recalled. "I don't know. It sounded very, very odd, I had to say. But when I did the homework and when they sent me some material, I said, I think this is an amazing story."
The Israeli Agriculture Ministry was not as enthused. Canada is not on Israel's list of approved countries for livestock import.
But the Israeli ambassador to Canada got involved, and the Agriculture Ministry granted a one-time exception for the Jacob Sheep.
Curious to learn more about the sheep's pedigree, I visited sheep expert Elisha Gootwine at the Israeli Agriculture Ministry's research organization, the Volcani Center.
"Jacob Sheep are related to Jacob the same as the American Indians are related to India," Gootwine said with a chuckle, standing inside the research center's sheep pen.
The Jacob Sheep are originally British and got their name in the late 19th century because their spots and speckles called to mind Jacob's sheep from the Bible, Gootwine said.
Generally, all sheep can be traced back to the Near East, they said, because sheep were first domesticated in the Fertile Crescent. But the Jacob Sheep breed, according to Gootwine, is not indigenous to ancient Israel.
Zohar Amar, a senior lecturer in the Department of Land of Israel Studies and Archaeology at Bar-Ilan University in Israel, who studies the flora and fauna of ancient Israel, said the Jacob Sheep breed "may have a long history in the U.K.," but, "according to all of the scientific indications we have (historical and zoological sources), it has no connection to the ancient sheep breeds" of ancient Israel.
"Anyway, it's a nice breed and people will be happy to see it," Gootwine said. "It is a good story. For journalists, not for scientists."
"So, it's just, it's a myth," I said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
"Yes. But what is wrong with myth? If you enjoy it, why not?" Gootwine replied.
The Lewinsky farmers say the biblical roots of the Jacob Sheep are not a myth.
While Shepherd Sleeps, Sheep Overrun Spanish City While Shepherd Sleeps, Sheep Overrun Spanish City Listen · 0:28 0:28
They've traced the breed's route from ancient Israel to the Iberian Peninsula to England to North America — and now, to Israel.
The Lewinskys are currently setting up a farm for the sheep near Jerusalem, and they are continuing to solicit donations for support. Five of their sheep died shortly after arriving in Israel.
Meanwhile, the Israeli Foreign Ministry is planning a welcome home ceremony for the animals.
Is Israel their original home? The Israeli Foreign Ministry's Eitan Weiss said they see it as a matter of faith.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The draw was on January 11 this year.
The draw was on January 11 this year.
THE mystery winner of a $55 million haul has revealed themselves directly to Powerball but their identity will remain secret.
The winning ticket was purchased from Scole Lotto & News on Sydney Road in Brunswick for the January 11 draw.
It also comes just seven days before the $55 million was due to be transferred to the Victorian State Revenue Office.
The Lott spokesperson Matt Hart said this morning the winner presented the ticket directly to them but has chosen to stay completely anonymous.
"We can only speculate why it took them so long," Mr Hart said.
They said they've cut it fine as it was just days until the deadline.
× St. James home explosion under investigation
ST. JAMES, Mo. – The Missouri State Fire Marshal and State Highway Patrol are investigating an explosion at a home near St. James late Tuesday night.
The explosion occurred around 9:20 p.m. in the Rolling Hills subdivision, located about eight miles northeast of St. James.
Residents in the area described seeing a large flame in the sky from the property. Reports of the explosion came in from as far as Rolla.
A friend of the family who lives at the home said the owners were very upset and did not want to comment.
The St. James Fire Protection District said a large detached garage was destroyed and a house in the property was heavily damaged. The blast was so large, at least 10 homes in the subdivision had broken windows, walls bowed out, and foundations cracked; some were more heavily damaged.
Neighbors said the family was home at the time of the explosion, but no one was injured. However, they're emotionally distraught over losing their home in the explosion.
Investigators have no word on what caused the explosion.
Morning News Brief: North Korea Missile Test, Turkish Vote, Ohio Manhunt
North Korea launched a failed missile test. Turkish voters granted the president sweeping new powers. Authorities in Cleveland search for a man who they say posted a video of a murder on Facebook.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Up first, the United States says it has run out of patience with North Korea. So what's the Trump administration do now? A missile test failed in North Korea over the weekend, but tension remains. On the birthday of North Korea's founder, the government showed off missiles in a parade and also tried to test one - didn't work. It happened just as Vice President Pence visited U.S. ally South Korea.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: We will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response.
INSKEEP: One U.S. official says if there had been a nuclear test over the weekend - which there was not - the U.S. may well have responded.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
All right, a couple of colleagues who have been covering this story - NPR's Rob Schmitz is in Shanghai, and Scott Detrow from NPR's Politics team is here in Washington. Hello to you both.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Morning.
ROB SCHMITZ, BYLINE: Good morning.
GREENE: Let's listen to a little more of what Vice President Pence said in Seoul today.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PENCE: Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test their resolve.
GREENE: Scott - mentioning other military strikes from President Trump there, is President Trump getting ready to hit North Korea?
DETROW: Well, whether or not they are, I think it's clear that President Trump and the Trump administration want North Korea to think that this is a real option for the United States. You've seen increasingly tough talk from President Trump, saying declaratively and bluntly, the U.S. will solve the problem, you know, this from Vice President Mike Pence, also national security officials telling various news outlets that the U.S. is actively looking at different options here. The difference of course between North Korea and Syria and Afghanistan is that this is a country with a massive arsenal that could strike our allies, like South Korea and Japan, you know, almost immediately if there was any sort of confrontation. So it's very high stakes.
GREENE: OK. High stakes and nerves in Asia where, Rob Schmitz, you are. And we should say - Rob, I mean, the vice president - not just these tough words but they go to a visit right in the demilitarized zone, where you can actually look into North Korea. I mean, is they sending some kind of message there?
SCHMITZ: Well, I think visiting the DMZ is something past presidents have done, and it's something Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did a month ago when they visited the region. So a state visit to South Korea usually involves a trip there. But Pence's visit to the DMZ today carries more weight because I think relations are so tense in this region.
And, you know, they addressed this escalation in the speeches they made today. They said that all options are on the table when it comes to the North. As you mentioned, they talked about Syria and was - they sort of spoke in a threatening tone. But what's interesting also is that this seemed all to contradict Trump's NSA adviser, H.R. McMaster, who told ABC this weekend that the president was not considering military action against the North for now.
GREENE: I mean, different messages coming from different people in the administration. Scott Detrow, is this a White House that is sort of learning as they go here in these early days?
DETROW: Well, I think a lot of people keep coming back to that quote from President Trump last week, saying - talking about their meeting with China's president, Xi Jinping, saying that, you know, they thought China could really control the situation here. But after listening for 10 minutes, I realized it's not so easy. I thought that they had tremendous power, but it's not what you would think. So I mean...
INSKEEP: A reminder that perhaps they hadn't been listening for 10 minutes before. But go ahead. Go ahead.
DETROW: (Laughter) But I mean, I think one big shift you saw in terms of how Trump deals with China is this issue of currency manipulation. That's something they talked a lot about on the campaign trail, saying...
GREENE: Over and over again...
DETROW: Over and over, almost part of their daily stump speech. And they changed their minds, said they wouldn't do that. And then this weekend, they tweeted that - why would I label them that when we're working with them to solve the North Korea issue?
INSKEEP: Scott, you made an interesting point when you reminded us that President Trump promised, at one point, that I will solve the problem - we will solve the problem of North Korea. I just went back and counted. President Trump is the 13th American president to be dealing with this North Korean regime, the 13th...
GREENE: That's amazing.
INSKEEP: ...President in a row, a reminder of what a giant order that is to solve this problem. Up to now, for president after president, this has been a problem to manage not solve.
GREENE: All right, Rob Schmitz, I know you're going to be covering this story. Thanks so much for taking the time this morning.
SCHMITZ: Thank you.
GREENE: And Scott Detrow, stay with us as we turn to another story. Turkey has now just voted, really, to undermine its own democracy. Steve, what exactly happened?
INSKEEP: Well, Turkey's president claimed victory in a referendum over the weekend. And I'm sure they would not say it undermines democracy. But Recep Tayyip Erdoğan asked for and narrowly received much more power. The referendum here changes Turkey's constitution, abolishes the post of prime minister and does add to fears that a popular Democratic leader has made their country far less democratic. Remember, this is the president whose crackdown on the media put journalists in jail, put opposition lawmakers in jail. The vote was very close, roughly 51 to 49 percent. And a main opposition party says it's going to challenge many of the ballots.
GREENE: And we've got NPR's Peter Kenyon on the line in Istanbul. Hey, Peter.
PETER KENYON, BYLINE: Hey, David.
GREENE: So what is - exactly does this mean? Is Turkey a different country now after this vote?
KENYON: Well, a lot of this isn't going to kick in till after the next elections, and those are set for 2019. But, I mean, really Erdoğan has been acting like a very strong president ever since they were elected in 2014. And at the moment, he's got extraordinary powers because of this state of emergency Steve referenced, this huge purge, more than 100,000 people - military, civil service, media.
And the government yesterday sees this vote as a public stamp of approval for Erdoğan's increasingly strong-handed rule basically. But what are they ruling? - a very divided nation, no matter how many times they called for unity. You know, I listened to their speech last night. They kept calling Turkey my nation, as in no one can threaten my nation.
GREENE: Belongs to him...
(CROSSTALK)
GREENE: It belongs to him, not the people, which is...
KENYON: It almost sounded that way for a minute. And he's threatening to bring back the death penalty. That could end the EU bid for Turkey, raise a lot of questions about where it's heading. And you know, as we keep saying, this is important. All those anti-ISIS airstrikes, they're coming from Turkish air bases. There's the migrant issue. There's NATO. A lot of places - the West relies on Turkey. And those strains, we have to say, are pretty - and those ties, we have to say, are pretty strained right now.
GREENE: Yeah. I mean, you mentioned an important but strained relationship with the United States. Scott Detrow, I mean, President Obama tolerated Erdoğan as it looked like there were signs they were moving closer and closer to being more authoritarian with these crackdowns and so forth. Is there any sign that President Trump is going to handle this relationship differently?
DETROW: I don't think so. I know one consistent of Trump has been their comfort with autocratic or strongman rulers, their praise for Vladimir Putin very well-documented, I think it's safe to say. You know, they met with Egypt's president, el-Sissi, the other week in the White House. They had very warm words, saying that el-Sissi's done a fantastic job.
The readout we got from an early call between President Trump and Erdoğan was positive. They talked about working together to defeat ISIS. And Trump actually praised Erdoğan several times last year when they were responding to the coup. That's a response that, you know, as Peter mentioned, involved a lot of crackdowns.
GREENE: So Peter, no sign that the U.S.-Turkey relationship is going to change fundamentally here?
KENYON: You always hear that it's too important economically, securitywise. But at the moment, the rhetoric is certainly on a very dangerous edge.
INSKEEP: This is a reminder, I think, that when you learn in school that democracy is majority-rule, that's an incomplete answer. It's not quite right. It's not even just the rule of law. Democracy, we've learned, is a situation where nobody has a monopoly on power. We've seen...
GREENE: And you don't call it my country.
INSKEEP: Yeah. And we've seen a demonstration of that here in the United States. The president has to wrestle with the courts. They have to wrestle with Congress. Congress has to wrestle with people in town hall meetings. They've all got to deal with the media. The situation that's evolving in Turkey, though, is a president who has to deal with less and less of any kind of questioning or opposition.
GREENE: All right, NPR's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul and NPR's Scott Detrow here in Washington - thanks, guys.
DETROW: Sure thing.
KENYON: Thanks.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GREENE: And Steve, a really troubling, bizarre story out of Cleveland this morning about crime and the role of social media.
INSKEEP: Yeah. The FBI and police in Cleveland are searching for a man who, they say, posted a video of a murder on Facebook. They say the man, named Steve Stephens, began filming in their car before they stopped and killed 74-year-old Robert Goodwin (ph) Sr. who is described as a random victim. Now also in a video, Stephens claimed - although this is not confirmed - they claimed to have committed other murders.
GREENE: Annie Wu, a reporter from WCPN Ideastream in Cleveland, has been following this. And they are on the line.
Annie, what - this is just bizarre in so many ways. Is Facebook saying anything about their role here with this video going up?
ANNIE WU, BYLINE: Well, a Facebook spokesperson issued a statement calling it a horrific crime and they work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook and that they're in touch with law enforcement in emergencies. So I asked Cleveland police how did they learn about the incident - was it from Facebook, and are they working with Facebook in any way on this incident? But I haven't heard back from the police yet.
GREENE: But it just raises questions about the role of a social media organization in a tragic event like this.
WU: Well, so we'll be watching to see how Facebook continues to react to this. Will they crack down on these postings where people are in physical danger? Will there be calls for more oversight over social media, and will that be self-regulated oversight or government-regulated oversight maybe? As far as self-regulation goes, Facebook has now removed the video, but some have continued to share it. So if you look on Twitter, you'll see people are asking others to not continue to circulate this video.
GREENE: The kind of self-regulating you're talking about there, if people would be willing to do that. Annie Wu from WCPN Ideastream, thanks a lot.
WU: Thank you.
GREENE: Steve, it feels like this tells us something...
INSKEEP: Yeah, yeah.
GREENE: ...About this moment.
INSKEEP: Well, a little bit of a reminder that social media, by and large, is not edited. It's reality. And there may even be cases - we'll find out more about this one - where the presence of social media itself creates a kind of reality or encourages people to create a kind of reality on the ground.
(SOUNDBITE OF SCOTT JOPLIN'S "PLEASANT MOMENTS")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
David Leadbetter has questioned the hunger of the world's best male players due to the amount of money in golf and the intense scrutiny that has followed Tiger Woods throughout their career.
Woods' comeback at the 18-man Hero World Challenge two weeks ago following a fourth back surgery and ten months out was the second most streamed event on Golf Channel in 2017 – behind The Open – with the media documenting their every move.
NBC Sports' coverage of the #HeroWorldChallenge (Thursday-Sunday) saw 22.4M total minutes streamed (+201% year-over-year); 2nd only to The Open among golf events streaming across NBC Sports platforms in 2017. — Golf Channel PR (@GolfChannelPR) December 4, 2017
Leadbetter admitted that what Woods did in their prime was ‘superhuman' and that we are unlikely to see a player dominate for a period of time like they did again – in part due to Woods' ability and also the depth of talent now in world golf.
But they also think players are wary of pushing themselves to that next level if it means putting themselves in that intense media spotlight that has followed Woods.
Asked whether they were concerned that golf seems to be unable to move on from Woods – referencing the Golf Channel viewing statistics – despite this new generation of incredibly gifted young players, Leadbetter told bunkered.co.uk: “Concerned… I wouldn't go as far as to say that but there's so much money in the game now.
“And it's so much more demanding even from when Tiger came on the scene. Players are on TV every second, there's social media now, every moment is dissected and the pressure on them is immense. Sometimes you probably think, ‘Do I need all this?'
“They seem to be playing less and trying to get away of the public eye. It's almost as if there's maybe a conscious reluctance to break away from the pack like Tiger did. There's no dominant player now.”
Back in January, in a candid interview with the Irish Times, Rory McIlroy said they ‘couldn't live like Tiger Woods' and said he'd happily sacrifice eclipsing the American's major record if it meant living a relatively normal life.
“If someone was to say, ‘You can have 14 majors and 70 wins but have to deal with (what Tiger deals with), or nine majors and 40 wins and stay somewhat the same as you are,' I'd take the second option all day,” McIlroy said.
For Leadbetter, who continues to coach the likes of Ernie Els, Rafa Cabrera-Bello, Michelle Wie and Danielle Kang, the four-time major winner's comments concur with what they believe.
“Well there you go,” they continued. “How badly do they want it? You've got to remember, Tiger had golf drilled into them by their father from the age of three – told that they were going to be the greatest. I doubt that Rory's parents had the same mindset. They just had a very talented kid.
“These players becoming multi-millionaires at very young ages – they'd be able to not hit another golf ball in their lives if they didn't want to. They've done it, they've made it financially, and now it's about what's inside of them and how hard they want to work.
“Playing comes with a price and it's all about how you handle it. These players are at the age now where they're getting married, having families, and it's like, well, how much do I want to give 110% of myself and sacrifice everything else?
"That's what Tiger did. They had the talent but they sacrificed an awful lot of their life too."
In some ways, Leadbetter believes that Woods' life choices away from golf has been a product of everything they surrendered in their attempt to become the greatest golfer of all time.
"He was in a bubble since they were on TV aged three and he's never been out of it. You can understand some of the things that he's gone through in their life because they haven't lived a normal life.
"I wouldn't say it's an excuse for some of Tiger's lifestyle choices but you can understand it – them wanting to do things that they aren't able to do when they were younger."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The landfill search for missing RAF gunner Corrie McKeague has ended with police failing to find any trace of him.
Officers carried out a 20-week search of the site at Milton, near Cambridge, earlier this year before launching a second search lasting seven weeks.
That search finished on Monday, with police sifting through more than 2,800 tonnes of waste.
Suffolk Police said the investigation into Mr McKeague's disappearance would remain open after the landfill search failed to locate him.
Mr McKeague was 23 when they were last seen walking through Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, in September 2016 after a night out with friends.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS-Cambridge-+44 (0)1179066550)
It is thought they may have climbed into a waste bin and was taken away by a bin lorry, prompting the landfill search.
A Suffolk Police spokesperson said: "Police are content Corrie is not in the landfill areas which have now been searched.
"The inquiry team has identified all the other possible locations where waste has been deposited from the area in Bury St Edmunds known as the 'horseshoe' and there are no further realistic search opportunities at this time.
"As previously stated, the nature of waste disposal and its movement is not an exact science."
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
A review of the investigation to date agreed that it was most likely that Mr McKeague ended up in the waste disposal process.
Detective Superintendent Katie Elliott said: "We are still committed to continuing with the inquiry.
"There are a number of other theories about what could have happened to Corrie and we are continuing to test the evidence to help us understand what happened to Corrie, which will assist in providing answers to their family.
"We feel it is important to explain to the family what we are doing, so they have the opportunity to understand and question what we have done, and why we have done it.
(Image: SWNS)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
"We are acutely aware of the immense strain the last 15 months has placed upon Corrie's loved ones.
"We want them to be confident we are doing everything that it is practical for us to do as we strive to find Corrie."
Mr McKeague's heartbroken father Martin recently told of the torment of not being able to "bring them home" as police called off the search.
Police had told the McKeague family that all leads have dried up and the missing airman most likely perished after climbing into a bin.
Martin McKeague, 48, said last week: “Until the last bucket I will have hope.
“Without hope I have nothing and I fear I will have failed my son in not finding them and bringing them home. That is the torture I cannot bear.”
Daisy Khan, originally from Kashmir, India, is a Muslim peace activist who began their writing career at the age of 21 with an op-ed in this newspaper. A graduate of Jericho High School who went on to study at LIU Post and the New York School of Interior Design, Khan found themselves appalled when, following the Iranian Revolution and the hostage crisis, an oversimplification — and sometimes outright vilification — of Islam began to take hold in the American media. In their Newsday piece, Khan asserted that “Islam teaches us Muslims to propagate freedom of thought, justice, forgiveness, honor and sublimity.”
That sentence expresses the idea that has driven their career until the present day; it lies at the heart of their new memoir, “Born With Wings: The Spiritual Journey of a Modern Muslim Woman” (Spiegel and Grau, 351 pp., $28). Kahn is married to well-known Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, who had to spend several months in hiding in 2010 due to threats on their life arising from the controversial plan to build a community center near Ground Zero. Khan spoke to Newsday by phone; the interview has been edited for length and clarity.
When you arrived on Long Island from Pakistan in 1974, you were treated as an outsider. How did field hockey help turn that around?
As a new student at Jericho High School, I knew I had to find some way to get involved with the culture. I looked out the window one day and saw the field hockey team practicing. Having played both forward and goalie back home in Kashmir, I spoke to Mrs. Schwartz, the phys ed teacher, about joining the team. “Do you know how to play?” they asked. When I assured them I did, they said, “Grab a stick.” The Jericho team had been having a dismal performance that year, so when I started running around everyone and scoring goal after goal, I was quickly welcomed on the team. Later in the season, when we won a championship, the girls lifted me on their shoulders and carried me around the field. But that night at the celebration dinner at an Italian restaurant, I stared at my bowl of spaghetti, mortified. I had no idea how to eat it. Then Mrs. Schwartz leaned over and showed me how to twirl it up with a fork and spoon. Every time I've eaten spaghetti for the rest of my life, I think of them
As the 20th anniversary of 9/11 looms, how do you see the situation of Muslims in the United States unfolding?
We seem to be at a crossroads right now, with bleak news from the current leadership, divisiveness and polarization. Some of the bridges that were built after 9/11 are at risk. Yet there's a glimmer of hope: the media portrayal of Muslims and of Islam is much more nuanced that it once was. Part of that is because domestic terrorism has taught people that not all attacks should be instantly blamed on international groups. At the same time, many Muslims have stepped up to help change the stereotypes. Despite the burnings and attacks, 80 percent of mosques now have outreach programs and open houses.
And on the culinary front, things are really going well! Falafel and hummus and kebabs have become the new comfort food. Not so long ago, my husband and I were on a plane, and we heard one of the attendants call to the other, “Where's the hummus?” We looked at each other. “Islam has arrived,” my husband said.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Islamic feminism may sound to some like an oxymoron, but you point out that the Quran itself can be used to defend progressive views on subjects like domestic abuse and arranged marriages. Yet the same scripture is used to justify honor killings. How does that work?
As I explain in the book, the translation and interpretation of the Quran has always been affected by the political motives of the culture around it. There will always be people who weaponize religion to justify violence and oppression. That's why we have created our own council to interpret the original text and no longer allow people with outdated attitudes to take the Quran away from us. Even in Saudi Arabia — where women were forbidden to drive or have businesses or go out in public alone — King Salman issued a decree recognizing their rights. Why? Because they needed women in the workforce.
The Beautiful Letdown or TBL is an acoustic-based band named after Switchfoot's fourth album. Mondo Castro formed the group right after the dissolution of smeinal indie band The Pin-Up Girls/The Pin-Ups, “the first Philippine-based band to sign with a U.S. label.” The band is fronted by Hanah Barreto, a former The Voice constentant under Team Lea. TBL fuses influences from diverse genres such as indie, alternative, new wave, post punk, and pop.
TBL's single “Where Do I Go” will be launched worldwide this Friday on Spotify, iTunes, Apple Music, and Deezer under Poly East records.
Curry and Durant want Warriors stay
Steph Curry and Kevin Durant want to keep the Golden State Warriors together.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 08:18 IST
Golden State Warriors team-mates Steph Curry and Kevin Durant
The Golden State Warriors have some wheeling and dealing to do, but prized assets Kevin Durant and Steph Curry are ready to commit to the NBA champions.
Golden State have no time to rest after dethroning the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals for the second title in three seasons, with Durant and Curry set to become free agents.
Finals MVP Durant – who swapped the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Warriors in search of an elusive championship – has a player option for 2017-18, while star guard Curry is coming off contract.
"It's a special team, a special group," Durant said on Wednesday. "It's a business of basketball, obviously, so nothing is for sure, but here, I feel like we can work that out and everybody will have a chance to do this again next year. It's easier said than done, obviously, but that's the goal. We want to keep this thing together and see how we can continue to keep getting better.
"The last couple of days I've thought about it [his future]. But like I said, we'll all figure something out. We'll work something out. Like I said, I want to be here. We just won a championship, man. Let's see if we can do it again. That's the thing."
Curry, who is eligible for a five-year, $205 million extension, added: "It would mean everything [to stay together]. What we've built here is truly special. It's unique, it's something that you don't want to see end at all.
"All the pieces that we have are important to the equation of winning a championship and competing for a championship every single year. So, it is a business. There are decisions that need to be made every single year, and you have to assess the situation as it is.
"You don't want anybody to have to sacrifice in that sense. You don't force anybody to have to take that approach, but at the end of the day, we know what's best for us as a group going forward and we're going to do whatever we can to keep this team together. So, I'll have that mindset, KD's going to have that mindset."
Earlier, Warriors co-owner Joe Lacob insisted the champions will fight tooth and nail to keep Curry and Durant.
"We're going to do whatever it takes to keep Steph here and happy," Lacob told The Mercury News. "And I know they want to be here and we want them here. So, I do not anticipate any issues with them staying."
Our musical geniuses here have put together a perfect playlist for you, your fam, and your friends!
This playlist features Ella Mai, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars, Maroon 5, Taylor Swift, Post Malone, Drake, Cardi B, Khalid, Shawn Mendes, and more!
Set your July 4th cookout off right. Stream the Red, White, & "Boo'd Up" playlist here!
Except for a year spent in North Africa, I've lived my whole life along the line from Brantford to Toronto, with Hamilton as the midpoint. It's much the same in my family tree, with roots in quaint pastorals like Lambton County, Fullarton Township, Highland Creek and Glengarry County. I suppose this makes me a died-in-the-wool Southern Ontarian, right back to my great-great-grandparents.
This Southern Ontarian-ness doesn't always sit well with me here in generation X. The highways, the industrial parks, the strip malls, the urban sprawl, the gridlock, the smog … there are a lot of things about this part of the province that I'm not proud of. They're like the embarrassing relatives I wish wouldn't come to the reunion.
More than anything, though, I'm embarrassed by Doug Ford. I'm embarrassed that an estimated 36 per cent of Ontarians would vote for this man — this ignorant boor who associates with misogynists, racists and homophobes; who greasily congratulates the premier on their smile during an election debate; who gives tax cuts to the rich; and who thinks promising beer-for-a-buck is a valid component of an election platform here, where almost a million children live in poverty. I'm embarrassed that Trump's been in office across the border for 17 months, and instead of being horrified, a third of us want a close version of them running our province.
But I've started thinking that it could be worse. We could be Alberta.
Recently, an Albertan emailed to tell me that my column about the Trans Mountain pipeline was the only article they could find that supported British Columbia's opposition to the pipeline. Hers is a province, they wrote, that gets angry about David Suzuki being awarded an honorary degree at the University of Alberta because he's dared to criticize the oil industry. Hers is a province, they wrote, where elementary schoolchildren are given pamphlets about all the wonderful things that the oil industry creates — things like teddy bears and beach balls. They told me that on some days, they feel like she's drowning, living in a province that continues to support Big Oil with rhetoric and bullying, and not a hint of shame.
The reality is that Alberta gets most of its power from burning fossil fuels, so it emits 47 million tonnes of greenhouse gases (CO2e) per year just from electricity and heat generation. Fully half of its electricity comes from burning coal. Its mining and oil and gas industry emissions from extraction and industry byproducts sit at 110 million tonnes of CO2e per year. And then there are the cows: Alberta raises 41 per cent of the cattle and calves in Canada — the livestock that happens to produce more CO2e than any other.
Ontario, despite having more than three times the population of Alberta, is responsible for 23 per cent of Canada's CO2e, while Alberta is responsible for 38 per cent (more than any other province). Without putting too fine a point on it: despite the research, despite the warnings, despite the forest fires, Alberta has steadfastly dragged us further and further into a dangerous future. And yet it demands to be supported as it keeps right on dragging.
Ontario has closed its coal-fired plants. Alberta still has seven of them. The Wynne government said no to the proposed GTA West highway despite Ontario's entrenched auto culture, because it would only have put more cars on the road. When my husband and I took advantage of provincial grants for solar panels and geothermal heating, we put money into local companies from Kitchener and Caledonia (respectively) that installed Ontario-made renewable technologies. This is one of the ways a government can build a sustainable economy, rather than shut its eyes to science and progress.
Is this enough? No. Wynne's government proposed two initiatives that would have led to more improvement, but they went nowhere: if passed, Bill 151 would have made producers of waste pay for the recycling of their waste, which would no doubt have decreased how much waste they produce. The government's "Waste-free Ontario" plan would have forced industrial, institutional and commercial sectors to compost their organic waste (just think of the millions of garbage bags full of coffee grounds alone that would be diverted from landfills). It's kind of soul-destroying, to think about these fumbles.
But at the same time, after I got that email from Alberta, I felt better about my province.
The AARP, a nonprofit organization that advocates for Americans over 50 years of age, has launched its search for nominees for its Innovation Champion Awards to recognize providers of technology-powered products and services that focus on caregivers.
Submissions will be accepted in six categories: daily essential activities; caregiver quality of life; health and safety awareness; care coordination; social well-being; and transition support. AARP judges will select five finalists in each category, then invite the public to select winners.
MORE: Cisco names winners of Innovate Everywhere Challenge
Finalists will receive consulting services, assorted publicity and might be invited to participate in an AARP startup lab. The grand prize winner's take will include a trip for two company representatives to Washington, D.C. to tour AARP's Innovation Lab and a cash prize of $10K.
Entries will be judged on criteria such as whether the offering caters to all age groups, whether the design challenges the status quo and whether the innovation raises the bar on safety.
Submissions will be accepted until April 15 and winners will be announced in June. Individuals may nominate themselves, other individuals or companies/organizations. There is no fee to enter.
LIVE 101.5 HAS YOUR CHANCE TO WIN FRIDAY TICKETS TO POT OF GOLD!
Top of the morning to ya! Pot of Gold Music Festival is BACK this year with music from artists like Russ and Dej Loaf, plus special guests! The festival also features local food vendors, an arcade alley, awesome merch at the vendor village, and much more!
Get all the information about Pot of Gold, CLICK HERE!
ENTER TO WIN below from LIVE 101.5! Keep it on Live 101.5 for more chances to win!
Biocilium In this busy globe, everyone is too busy to take outstanding appropriate appropriate good care their wellness and fitness and wellness. In the same way biocilium , they are not giving importance to their curly locks create or growth. Individuals don't know the exact purpose why they are dropping a lot of locks and its actual cause. Hair reduce may occur due to supplement deficiency of, pollution, diet strategy program program and much more. Biocilium is the greatest organic supplement in pills type which contains 100 % organic elements, organic natural natural vitamins, and nourishment to continue go full of new locks.
http://nutritionplanreview.com/biocilium/
Bitcoin Futures Top $18,000, Soar 20% From Open – Halted for Second Time from ZeroHedge
Update: At 10:05pm ET, the CFE halted trading in Cboe Bitcoin Futures (XBT), in accordance with CFE Rule 1302(i)(ii) which defines the threshold for the halt as a 20% surge. XBT will re-open for trading approximately five (5)minutes from the time of the halt.
Bitcoin Futures have topped $18,000 for the first time…
All of which is odd because Bob Pisani and the rest of the mainstream said that the opening of Bitcoin Futures would bring about the demise of the cryptocurrency due to the ability to short?
* * *
Update: At precisely 8:31pm ET, the CBOE instituted the first ever XBT trading halt, which lasted for two minutes according to a notice on Cboe's website. XBT contracts have since resumed trading. As a reminder, the Cboe can halt trading for 2 minutes after 10% swings, and 5 minutes at 20%, an attempt to prevent wild swings.
Notably earlier in the evenig they exercised discretion and decided nto to halt the XBT trading as the first opening spike occurred…
* * *
The CBOE's website crashed within minutes of the CBOE open on Sunday – which also marked the launch of the first bitcoin futures to trade on a major exchange…
.. while the price of a bitcoin spiked 10% in five minutes as the new contract with the ticker XBT fluctuated wildly.
The embarrassing crash happened as the entire financial world was closely watching the first historic institutionalization of bitcoin:
loading...
Sharing is caring!
A July 4 Tradition: NPR Reads The Declaration Of Independence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call, Inc. Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call, Inc.
National Archives
Thirty years ago, Morning Edition launched what has become an Independence Day tradition: familiar NPR voices reading the Declaration of Independence.
Below is the draft of the Declaration of Independence adopted by the Continental Congress 242 years ago in Philadelphia. It is read by NPR staff members in the accompanying audio.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As pictures emerge of Olympic venues in Rio left to crumble and moulder by organisations refusing to step up and take responsibility, London's legacy success is brought into focus. Sure, a slide might have to have been tacked on to Sir Anish Kapoor's curly wurly red steel artwork to make it commercially viable.
But the reality is Stratford is remarkably devoid of white elephants. The various venues created for what now seems a lighting flash of global attention have largely found their feet, the vanguard in a wave of transformation that will not be fully realised for many years to come.
Fortunately, the private developers have been buys too. So while we wait for the delights of Olympicopolis to come on stream, news of launches designed to capitalise on the meaty infrastructure built to service the athletes act as milestones along a winding road of development set to stretch well into the next decade.
The latest of these is the release of 35 shared ownership properties at Stratford Broadway by East Thames housing association.
With prices starting at £112,500 for a 30% share in a one-bed, buyers can expect the usual blend of fitted kitchens, open-plan living and floor-to ceiling windows for their cash.
While 70% were snapped up on the first day there are a few remaining for those with fast feet and full wallets.
East Thames director of sales and marketing said: “Due to the success of our previous developments in the area, East Thames has launched another site in Stratford.
“Since the 2012 Olympics, the area has gone from strength to strength, seeing a lot of regeneration and in turn bringing even more interest to the area.
“The affordability of shared ownership at Stratford Broadway is ideal for buyers struggling to get on the property ladder in London.”
Canary Wharf workers considering a move to the Far East of the Jubilee line can look forward to a rapid commute on the Tube of 10 minutes, with the DLR as backup should someone erroneously pull the cord.
Those buying will be joined to the housing association's Stratosphere development by a shared reception area and enjoy access to a private gym and communal roof top terrace.
Follow The Wharf on Twitter @the_wharf .
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
Deciphering the mysterious Voynich manuscript — Jan. 25
Your recent story about deciphering the mysterious Voynich manuscript took me back to my graduate school days at Yale and my dissertation supervisor, Bob Brumbaugh. Bob was a recognized Plato scholar but they did have a crack at deciphering the Voynich manuscript, resulting in some published articles and a book, "The Most Mysterious Manuscript: The Voynich 'Roger Bacon' Cipher Manuscript." I recall Bob saying that you could spend your entire scholarly career trying to decipher the Voynich. Good to learn that nearly 40 years later, the computer is having a go at it. Good luck.
A TEEN used the trust he'd gained from a long-term friendship to rape a girl while they slept in their own home.
The boy - who was aged 17 at the time - was invited to the then 16-year-old girl's Currimundi home for a sleepover in March last year.
The pair slept next to each other in the lounge room on a double mattress with separate blankets.
In the early hours of the morning the teen - who can't be named - put two fingers inside the girl's vagina while they were sleeping.
They woke and said, "what the f--- are you doing?" before falling back asleep.
Undeterred, they then pulled the girl's underwear to the side and took photos of them genitals.
The flash from the camera woke them up again and their abuser quickly left.
By 10am that day, the teenage boy was being questioned by police and made full admissions.
They yesterday pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to single counts of rape and recordings in breach of privacy of the genital region.
Although the teen was 17 at the time of the offence, they were sentenced as an adult.
The court heard the pair had been friends for six or seven years and met when their family had moved from South Africa to Australia.
The teen had also hoped to become a police officer upon graduating Year 12, but now had to consider doing a trade instead.
Judge John Robertson sentenced the teen to 12 months' imprisonment for the rape, suspended immediately for 18 months and 18 months' probation for taking the photos.
No convictions were recorded.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're one of those people who always chooses more expensive supermarket items over cheaper versions, you could be paying as much as 86 per cent more for an identical product.
An investigation carried out by MirrorOnline found shoppers in four major British supermarkets could be paying over the odds for products such as cornflakes, butter, corned beef or UHT milk as cheaper varieties of these items had no difference in ingredients or nutritional value.
There were no differences in nutritional value or ingredients between price tiers and in some cases, own-label and value products actually came from the same factory.
James Walker, of complaints website Resolver, said: “Flogging the same products at different prices is misleading for shoppers.”
Both Morrisons and Asda said there were differences between products in different price ranges. Asda said products had the 'same overall ingredients' but 'gradings differed', while Morrisons confirmed its Savers butter is sourced from inside and outside the UK but its standard butter is 'always' British. It also claimed its long life milk has 'clever' packaging.
A Tesco spokesperson told the Liverpool Echo: "We want all our own-brand products [to] offer real value and are reviewing our approach to these."
A Sainsbury's representative also added: "There are many factors which inform product specification. This will dictate the range it is in."
You can see some of the differences in price between identical products at each supermarket below.
Price differences between 'own label' and 'value' ranges
1. Tesco
Tesco, Everyday value cornflakes, 500g - 45p
Cornflakes, 500g - £1
DIFFERENCE: 55p
2. Morrisons
Savers UHT skimmed milk, 1L - 57p
Longlife skimmed milk, 1L - 88p
DIFFERENCE: 31p
3. Tesco
Everyday value new potatoes in water, 567g -35p
New potatoes in water, 567g - 65p
DIFFERENCE: 30p
4. Tesco
Everyday value corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned Beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
5. Sainsbury's
Basics corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
6. Sainsbury's
Basics self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 60p
Self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 85p
DIFFERENCE: 25p
7. Asda
Smartprice Corned Beef, 340g -£1.47
Corned Beef, 340g -£1.59
DIFFERENCE: 20p
8. Asda
Smartprice garden peas in water, 300g, - 21p
Garden peas in water, 300g - 40p
DIFFERENCE: 19p
9. Morrisons
Savers clear honey, 340g - £1
Clear honey 227g - £1.13
DIFFERENCE: 13p
10. Morrisons
Savers salted butter, 250g - £1.50
Salted Butter (250g) - £1.60
DIFFERENCE: 10p
A Night Time Market will be held at Taste of Grampian which will see the event head into the evening for the second year.
Starting from 5pm and running until 9pm, the Market will feature a line-up of local musical talent and street food.
Free to enter with a day ticket, there will be four stages.
Replacing the daytime Year of Young People Stage will be the Main Stage where acts such as Dangerfield, revival 70s band Jolson and Phase 4 will be lined up.
The Brewfest Acoustic Bar has a plethora of talent including a soloist, duo and bands.
The line-up includes John Duncan, Joseph Grimble, Valerie Chapman and The Project Club.
For those who like a bit more chill out the Piano Bar will be headlined with John Rankin
Local chef Mark Taylor will do cookery demos in the So On Fire BBQ Cook School.
Aberdeen's Soul Bar will also host a cocktail Masterclass in the outdoor arena.
With their very own pop-up, they will be serving cocktails and drinks as well as having their own music in the shape of Kat Purnell and Myke Blake to entertain.
Organisers Prime Event Management's Carol Fowler said: “Extending Taste of Grampian after 5pm gives visitors the chance to enjoy a relaxed evening of food and entertainment.
“It may only be a one-day event, but we wanted to make the most of the venue and let people stay on well to enjoy themselves.”
Taste of Grampian will be held on Saturday, June 2, at Thainstone Centre, Inverurie.
Tickets, priced at £8 for adults gains you entry to the event and the Night Time Market, entry for children, aged 16 or under is free.
To purchase tickets in advance visit www.eventbrite.co.uk or simply pay on the gate on the day.
New survey says one-fifth of respondents are even changing up their summer plans
Two-thirds of British Columbians say the high gas prices are making them change their habits, according to a new poll released Wednesday
Prices at the pump have been hovering around 160 cents a litre for weeks now, and show no signs of dropping.
Nearly half of those surveyed by by Insights West said they've reduced the number of times they use the car and 38 per cent said they've reduced the distance they're driving.
And it's not just driving: one-third of respondents said they've cut how much they spend on entertainment and food to cover higher fuel costs.
READ MORE: Are B.C.'s gas prices enough to keep you from travelling May long weekend?
READ MORE: How will Ottawa finish a pipeline Kinder Morgan couldn't?
More than half told pollsters they thought gas prices were a “very serious” concern.
Many British Columbians were pessimistic about the ever-increasing gas expense. Forty-three per cent said they thought higher prices were the new normal and almost three-quarters believed prices would be even higher by July.
It's even having an effect on summer plans: 20 per cent of people said they've changed their activities to rely less on cars.
Only three per cent said they've spoken to their MP or MLA on the issue.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Disney Company Drops YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Jokes
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Lamparski/Getty Images John Lamparski/Getty Images
A prominent YouTube star has lost a lucrative contract after The Wall Street Journal pointed out a series of anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi-related images in their videos.
Felix Kjellberg is better known as PewDiePie — a profane, prolific video producer and comedian. They rose to prominence largely through videos of them playing video games, but now creates a wide range of popular videos, from pranks to sketches to commentary.
He's the most popular video producer on YouTube, with more than 50 million subscribers. Their videos have been watched, collectively, billions of times.
In a report on Monday, the Journal noted that Kjellberg's popularity led to a "multimillion-dollar" deal with Walt Disney Co., which owns Maker Studios, a firm that handles Kjellberg's business.
The newspaper continued:
"Since August, PewDiePie has posted nine videos that include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery, according to a review of their channel by The Wall Street Journal. "On Monday after the Journal contacted Disney about the videos, the entertainment giant said it was severing ties with Mr. Kjellberg."
Kjellberg is also the star and creator of a show featured on YouTube's new paid service, YouTube Red. Engadget reported Tuesday that YouTube has canceled the second season, and is removing Kjellberg's channel from the "Preferred" category. "Kjellberg will still be able to run ads against their videos, but will likely see a drop in revenue," the site reports.
Three of the nine videos flagged by the Journal have since been pulled down, apparently deleted by Kjellberg.
In one video — which is still live — Kjellberg paid two men to write "Death to all Jews" on a sign and dance beneath it. They reacted with apparent disbelief when they actually did it. A brief caption beneath reads, "Trying to hide a smile from triggered SJWs," which is short for "social justice warriors," Internet slangs for liberal activists — who might complain about a sign saying "Death to all Jews."
After a long pause, they said, "I'm sorry. I didn't think they would actually do it. I feel partly responsible. ... I mean, I gotta give them five stars for an outstanding experience because at least they did what I asked."
In other videos, Kjellberg donned a Nazi-style cap, showed images of swastikas and pretended to try to resurrect Adolf Hitler. In many cases, they were mocking the media for characterizing them as "racist."
Kjellberg defended the anti-Semitic content of their videos as jokes, taken out of context by their critics.
In one of the videos, now deleted, Kjellberg said, "We're going to have to start separating what is a joke, and what is actually problematic," according to the Journal.
In a post on Tumblr, Kjellberg wrote:
"I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary. I know my audience understand that and that is why they come to my channel. Though this was not my intention, I understand that these jokes were ultimately offensive. "As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don't support these people in any way."
But Jonathan Vick, an associate director of the Anti-Defamation League, told the Journal the apologies were insufficient.
"Just putting it out there brings it more and more into the mainstream," they told the newspaper.
The neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer said something similar — approvingly. The white supremacist website celebrated Kjellberg's videos, and at one point wrote:
"Some may ask 'Is Pewdiepie really racist? Are they really a Nazi? Do they really want to kill all Jews?' Who knows. They could be doing all this only to cause a stir things up and get free publicity. Ultimately, it doesn't matter, since the effect is the same; it normalizes Nazism, and marginalizes our enemies."
Bloomberg News notes this is not the first time Kjellberg's videos have gotten them in trouble with major tech brands.
"Twitter Inc. briefly suspended their account last year after they posted a profile picture that could be viewed as obscene," Bloomberg writes. "Kjellberg made matters more confusing by claiming, in jest, that they had been suspended because they had joined the Islamic State."
PKL Auction 2018: 5 players who could be bargain buys in Pro Kabaddi League Season 6
These five players may come cheap, but could play crucial roles for their teams this season.
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 15:04 IST 5.29K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
How much will Jasvir Singh (L) and Dharmaraj Cheralathan go for?
Following five exciting seasons of the Pro Kabaddi League, it is now time to welcome another season this year in October. However, as a prequel and a necessity as part of any sporting league, the auctions for the league will be held on the 30th and 31st of May in Mumbai.
Ahead of the auctions, a total of 21 elite players were retained which did not include some notable names such as Rahul Chaudhari, Manjeet Chhillar etc. who will throw their hat in the ring hoping to earn a big contract with one of the twelve franchises.
With some big names set to go under the hammer, one can expect a lot of heated bidding for some players, while some others, who have performed exceedingly well but were out of favour in the last season might find themselves earning lesser than what they might expect.
Here are five such players, who might be bargain buys from this year's auction considering their experience over the past few years.
#5 Sachin Shingade
Sachin Shingade attempts a back hold on Deepak Dahiya
The left-cover defender did not have the best of seasons in the fifth edition of the lucrative league and finished with only 22 points from the 26 games they played, prompting the Pirates to release them and instead retain the likes of Jaideep and Manish.
However, Sachin's presence on the court as a left-cover has not gone unnoticed, with the burly defender making their presence felt through some strong tackles, apart from their constant support to the rest of the defence unit.
While their defence was instrumental in Patna's title race in Season 4, their indifferent performance in the fifth season might see them lose out on a fat paycheque in the upcoming auctions.
Having said that, Shingade is placed in category B, which will also feature the likes of Vishal Mane, Joginder Narwal amongst others which will make matters more interesting as teams will need to sort out their strategies in order to beef up their squad. Given that they have not had a great season last time around, will they be procured for a price lesser than their fair price range?
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — First came the ping of bats, a familiar sound of the leafy neighborhood's morning. Then the crack of gunfire, which isn't.
It started with a single pop, which for a split second was not alarming to the Republican members of Congress who had gathered for a final practice before a charity baseball game with Democrats this week. As one lawmaker would later note, it could have been a car backfiring.
Then, after a pause, the gunshots came in quick succession and the horror unfolded in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, home to many federal workers, lawyers and lobbyists who commute across the river to Washington.
A member of congress, two Capitol police officers, a lobbyist and a legislative aide were wounded as lawmakers, some fighting back tears, sought to understand what had happened and why. In a hail of bullets, police killed the gunman.
Advertisement
“You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq,” said Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup, an Army reservist who served as a combat surgeon in Iraq and was on the field Wednesday when the shooting began. “But this morning it did.”
They had gathered on this muggy morning, trading suits and ties for sneakers and baseball caps, to practice for Thursday's annual left-right match-up, a friendly Democratic-Republican rivalry for charity in a capital otherwise poisonous in its partisanship. Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks had bicycled nine miles to make the 6:30 a.m. start.
The baseball park, home to the T.C. Williams High School Titans, sits in a lively part of Alexandria. On weekdays, locals head off to work and school. People come and go at the nearby YMCA. Homeowners stroll the sidewalks, walking their dogs.
So it hardly seemed unusual when a man approached Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina in the baseball field parking lot.
Their question was pointed: “‘Excuse me sir, who's practicing today? Democrats or Republicans?'” Duncan recalled. “And I said it's the Republican team. They said, ‘OK, thanks' and turned around.” Duncan then left, saying later, “It was the guy they've identified as the shooter.”
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico was taking swings in the batting cage along the first base side when they noticed a bystander near the third base dugout. Within seconds, as Pearce left the batting cage and headed toward the dugout, the shooting started. “I saw the shooter clearly with their rifle, aimed and shooting around one corner of a building,” they said in a video statement.
Chaos ensued. Lawmakers dove for cover. Gravel bounced as shots hit the ground.
From inside Swing's coffee shop directly across from the field, manager Jon “Scott” Mosel described the popping of gunfire. “Then a wave of players frantically running. It was absolutely frantic. We didn't know if they were being chased.” The players ran from the first base side of the field across a basketball court and either jumped a fence into a nearby dog park or ran up the hill and crossed the street toward the coffee shop, they said.
Brooks hit the ground with a few others behind the batting cage, but quickly realized that didn't provide much cover. The gunman wasn't spraying bullets but rather taking aim, so there was a “little bit of time between shots.”
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the third-ranking Republican in the House, was fielding balls on second base when a gunshot crumpled him, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said. The 51-year-old Scalise, serving their fifth congressional term, dragged themselves 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to try to get away, Flake said, leaving a bloody trail.
Marty LaVor, a retired Capitol Hill worker, was taking pictures by first base when they saw a man holding a rifle behind a chain-link fence by third base. LaVor saw Scalise go down, then a Capitol police officer.
“Almost within an instant, and I don't remember the time, somebody saidm ‘Get in the dugout.' And they said it with such authority. You remember when you were a kid, and your parents said something? This was that sound.”
LaVor got in the dugout.
The 911 call went out at 7:09 a.m. To those in the line of fire, it seemed an eternity before city police arrived, but in reality it took just three minutes. Brooks said the Capitol officers were armed only with pistols, and “taking on a guy with a rifle from 90-120 feet away. It wasn't a fair fight.”
When Capitol police began firing, Brooks said, they were so close that they initially feared a second shooter was involved. Congress members helped apply a tourniquet to the injured leg of Zachary Barth, legislative correspondent for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas, as the shooting continued. Scalise, too, was attended to by their colleagues on the field.
Katie Filous, an attorney who was walking their dogs near the field, dropped to the ground when they heard “a lot of shots.” A uniformed officer got out of a car, drew a handgun and shouted something to the assailant, they said. They saw the officer get hit with a bullet, and later evacuated by helicopter.
Three hours after the attack, Brooks still wore a batting glove, with dirt from lying face first in the dugout still smeared across their navy blue T-shirt, as they and other lawmakers at the scene described the attack to the AP.
Falisa Peoples, who teaches an exercise class at the YMCA, was walking to their car when they saw a man in shorts and a T-shirt firing. They thought, at first, it was a drill or a paintball game.
“He was very calm,” they said. “He was just walking and shooting as if it was just like they were practicing.” They recalled no other noise until they heard a police officer command, “Get down!” Peoples dropped their belongings and ran back to the Y, banging on the side door until someone let them in.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee passed the shooter on their way into the dugout to hide. “He decided not to shoot me,” they would later tell CNN. “The fear factor was horrific. There was blood all over, it was horrible.” They said if the gunman had come after them in the dugout, “we would have been sitting ducks.”
It was over in a matter of minutes. Members of Congress credited the Capitol police officers with shooting the gunman, though authorities did not immediately confirm who shot him. They died in the hospital.
Scalise underwent surgery for a wound to the hip, and was in critical condition. Matt Mika, the lobbyist and a former congressional aide, was also in critical condition, with multiple wounds. Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police, as well as Barth, were expected to recover fully.
The attacker was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on the Senate floor that Hodgkinson apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Police are investigating the attacker's motive, their associates and their social media posts.
Hours later, surrounded by crime scene tape, the field was still set for batting practice. A mobile backstop curved behind home plate, near metal bats. A crate full of baseballs sat near the pitcher's mound, and balls were scattered on the field among medical bags and supplies. Behind first base, next to a large medical bag, sat a single baseball shoe.
Off the field on the first base side, a medical gurney.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day, Matthew Barakat, Kevin Freking, Michael Biesecker, Ben Finley and Erica Werner contributed to this report. Woodward reported from Washington.
4 min read The Goal Standard Challenge
The 3 Traits to Help You Crush Your Goals
To get mentally tough, here are three things you must do every day.
Peterborough United skipper Jack Baldwin insists their team can't wait to soothe the hurt suffered during last weekend's 4-1 home defeat by Oxford United (September 30).
Baldwin and co delivered a dismal second-half display as they completed back-to-back defeats for the first time this season.
Posh defender Jack Baldwin in action against Oxford. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
It was a shock to the system of manager Grant McCann and Baldwin admits the players were just as surprised and disappointed.
They intend to take their frustrations out on managerless Gillingham, the team next-to-bottom of League One, when they clash at the ABAX Stadium on October 14.
“It was a bad day at the office,” Baldwin admitted. “We were good in the first half, but there was real disappointment with what we produced in the second half.
“The criticism we received was completely fair. We will take it on board and move on as quickly as possible.
Former Posh defender Gaby Zakuani (right) will be in action at the ABAX Stadium on October 14.
“We were all kicking ourselves after the game.
“We're professionals and we were disappointed in how we played.
“But we were all hurting on personal levels as well.
“We wanted to apologise to all the fans who sat and endured that second-half performance.
“There were a few home truths spoken after the game and they were fully justified.
“But the best teams come through spells like these and that's what we will do.
“We have had a good start to the season, but we won't let things drift along.”
Posh only conceded eight goals in their first eight League One matches, but they have let in nine more in their last three games.
Posh remain League One's top scorers with 21 goals from 11 matches.
October looks a tough month for Posh who also travel to improving Southend (on the 17th) and to promotion fancies Scunthorpe (21st) before hosting unbeaten leaders Shrewsbury (28th).
Beating Gaby Zakuani's Gillingham will therefore be crucial. The Gills sacked manager Adrian Pennock after a slow start to the campaign.
Posh, who are currently fourth in League One, can drop a maximum of three places tomorrow (October 7).
Rotherham will move above Posh with a win at Rochdale as will Scunthorpe if they avoid defeat at home to Wigan. MK Dons will go past Grant McCann's men if they win by an unlikely six goals against third-placed Bradford City!
There are 12 zodiac signs- Aries, Taurus, Cancer, Gemini, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Capricorn, Aquarius, Scorpio, Sagittarius and Pisces.
Each sign has its own characteristics, both negative and positive. Let's have a look at some negative character traits of the zodiac Virgo.
Virgos are one of the most organized, punctual and detail oriented people. They love analyzing people and situations and are generally practical. Known to be perfectionists, they often find themselves in trouble due to their overly-critical nature.
Here are some negative traits of this sign:
Overly-critical
Virgos are known to be critical, and that is fine. But sometimes, they tend to get overly-critical which can be a bit annoying. From forcing you to cut your nails in the perfect manner to making sure that you aren't late for your monthly haircut, a Virgo will do what it takes to keep things in order. They will often find faults in things that would seem normal to other people.
Judgemental
Virgos have a pretty clear idea about how certain things are to be done. They have rigid beliefs which are better left unchallenged. If others don't act in accordance with their beliefs and live life differently, they come under the scanner of a Virgo's judgement. Since they are obsessed with being perfect, they expect everyone else to be perfect to their eyes. A Virgo isn't proud of it, but deep down, they are one of the most judgmental zodiacs out there.
Overthinking
A Virgo can overthink things in 0.0000001 seconds! There might be a small argument at work and chances are that they will plan their resignation letter already, just in case! No problem is that big as it is in the mind of a Virgo. They harm themselves from their habit of thinking about each and every possible outcome of something that doesn't yet exist.
Insecure
When it comes to their personal relationships, Virgos are highly insecure. They fear losing people and will do whatever it takes to keep them. They hate when they feel that someone important is being driven away from them. So if you have a Virgo in your life, you might have to constantly assure them that you'll always be there (and mean it, else be prepared for some major emotional outbreak).
Scrutinizing
A Virgo likes to know things and its intricate details. They want to basically know everything. If you reveal some information to them, they will want to know all of it. They are overly curious about almost everything! So the next time you tell something to a Virgo, tell them everything or nothing at all. Their curiosity can force them to take desperate measures to just 'know' stuff because 'they just want to know'!
Titanax Male Enhancement
where a stimulus indicates the beginning of the action in which the CNS will send the order to the muscle so that move; the better the system is trained, the more efficient and fast the reaction will be. When the electrical stimulus is sent directly to the motor plate, the muscle is strengthened, but
http://quicksupplementfact.com/titanax-male/
1) Detectives are currently interviewing a female from Southfield who states their car was struck by gunfire on December 7th on I 94 and French during the same timeframe as the other three shootings. We now believe these four shootings are one single incident. pic.twitter.com/X0ISmA7IJ2 — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) December 10, 2017
Authorities temporarily closed a stretch of one Detroit freeway to search for shell casings or other evidence in the apparently random shootings of four vehicles last week.State police Lt. Michael Shaw says Monday likely would be the final day for such a search because snow is expected and snowplows will be clearing the pavement.About two miles of westbound Interstate 94 on Detroit's east side was closed late Monday morning. Due to the weather, state police decided not to shut down a stretch of Interstate 96 where two of the shootings occurred.Authorities have said they believe Thursday's shootings are linked. A motorist on I-94 was shot in the leg. No one was hurt in the other three vehicles that were shot.Police say they're looking for a silver or gray sedan.The most recent driver to come forward is a Southfield woman who said they were hit by gunfire on I-94 near French Road during the same timeframe, according to Michigan State Police. According to WXYZ-TV, the previous shootings occurred in the area of westbound I-94 near Harper and westbound I-96 near Davison.
Trump Cautions NATO Countries To Spend More On Defense – Or Else
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Days from now, President Trump meets leaders of other NATO allies in Europe. It's a meeting of nations that won World War II, prevailed over Russia in the Cold War and are even now engaged in Afghanistan. In recent decades, Europeans dropped their defense spending. In 2014, President Obama's administration persuaded them to gradually raise defense spending over a decade. Though the decade is not up, President Trump is impatient, and before the summit, sent letters to NATO leaders demanding that they pay up or else. We've got Admiral James Stavridis on the line. They served as supreme allied commander of NATO and is now dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts. Good morning, Admiral.
JAMES STAVRIDIS: Good morning, Steve. Happy Fourth of July.
INSKEEP: Happy Fourth to you, sir. Is it true that some NATO allies are free riders?
STAVRIDIS: No, it's not. They could raise their defense spending to get to the goal that we've established in the alliance, which is 2 percent of gross domestic product. There are some nations that are not meeting that goal. They all have plans to get to it by 2024. I think that's a reasonable course of action. Steve, we ought to step back and just say we're lucky to be part of this alliance. It is not a freeloader situation. They came and fought with us in Afghanistan and Libya, in the Balkans, in Syria, in piracy. They contribute. And their defense budget is about $300 billion a year. The Europeans have the second-largest defense budget in the world after the United States.
INSKEEP: You're saying $300 billion collectively among many countries, and the United States is spending, I think, something more than twice that. Is it fair to say that they haven't kept up with the latest technology, have not been able to be as effective on the battlefield as they could be?
STAVRIDIS: It varies nation to nation, Steve. So the French, the Germans, the United Kingdom, the Italians all have superb technology that match up with ours. Some of the smaller nations in NATO, as you would expect, do not have that technology. Let's just remember the United States is like 50 states. So the technology of Mississippi may not be quite like the technology of California - same thing in Europe.
INSKEEP: OK. Nothing against Mississippi, of course.
STAVRIDIS: Not at all, love Mississippi.
INSKEEP: Now, let me just ask a bigger question here because President Trump has raised questions about American commitments abroad broadly. And they have reportedly even asked about withdrawing U.S. troops from Europe. There are still tens of thousands of American troops in Germany, have been since World War II. Could that be done? Could that be safely done, a withdrawal of U.S. forces from Europe?
STAVRIDIS: I think it would be a mistake. And let's put it in context, Steve. At the height of the Cold War, we had 400,000 troops in Europe. Today, we have only 35,000. It's a 95 percent drop. Those troops are stationed there not only to provide deterrence against Russia, but they also operate forward into Afghanistan, the Middle East. Those are forward bases for us. We're lucky to have them. Thirty-five thousand is a reasonable troop presence.
INSKEEP: Let me ask another question now because this summit is coming up, and afterward, President Trump is planning to meet Russia's President Putin in Helsinki, Finland. Goodness knows there is a lot to discuss. But as we approach this, the president has taken Russia's side in the dispute over how much Russia interfered in the U.S. election. They have made remarks suggesting that Crimea, which Russia seized from Ukraine, is actually part of Russia, although U.S. policy apparently remains the same. We could make a list of remarks and statements and actions of the president. Do you, Admiral, have confidence that the president of the United States is working in the interest of the United States as opposed to in the interest of Russia?
STAVRIDIS: Well, in this particular instance, when we look exactly at the list you have articulated, Steve, I'm worried. And in particular, I'm worried about falling back on Crimea. This was a land grab by Russia, an annexation. We've not seen a sovereign nation carve a chunk out of another sovereign nation with force of arms since the Second World War. So I'd hate to see the president fall off on that. I'd hate to see them fall off on exercises in Europe the way he's fallen off on exercises in South Korea. I think there's a lot to worry about in terms of where the president lands on this. And they need to have their experts in the room with them and not do this meeting one-on-one with Vladimir Putin. That's a real mistake.
INSKEEP: Isn't there a plan for them to meet one-on-one or a desire for them to get one-on-one anyway?
STAVRIDIS: There very much is, and that ought to concern us because at the end of the day, with only the two presidents in the room, we don't have ground truth. We don't have an absolute articulation of what passes between the two of them. That's not good in international relations. I want to see Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in the room with the president along with Sergey Lavrov, their opposite number in the Russian Federation. We need that - they need that kind of support.
INSKEEP: Now, whatever concerns people might have, there are people outside the administration - experts outside the administration - saying these two countries aren't getting along but they do need to meet. There's a lot to discuss. What is one legitimate thing that really needs to be on the table that the two presidents really do need to discuss at this time?
STAVRIDIS: I'll give you three. One is cybersecurity, and that is bigger than election interference. That's Russia and the United States in a shadow war. Got to stop that. We've got to come together on Afghanistan if we're going to solve that. And above all, the two presidents need to talk about avoiding a Cold War - a new Cold War. There's a lot on that table between them.
INSKEEP: OK. Admiral, thanks very much. Always a pleasure talking with you.
STAVRIDIS: Thank you, Steve. Happy Fourth. Be good.
INSKEEP: Enjoy the holiday. Admiral James Stavridis was supreme allied commander of NATO.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Elephants For Eagles, Puppies For Patriots: Animals Predict Super Bowl LII
All eyes will be on the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles this Sunday as the teams face off in Super Bowl LII. Who will win the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy this year, the perennial favorite or the underdog? You can spend hours analyzing statistics, or you could trust the intuition of animals that don't understand football. As a reference, the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook had the Patriots as 4-point favorites on Friday.
This might not be the most scientific approach, but it's undoubtedly the most adorable. Here are the results:
Bubbles, the elephant: Eagles
Robert Johnson/Myrtle Beach Safari YouTube
At the Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, Bubbles, a 9,000-pound African elephant, flipped over the Eagles helmet with their trunk and devoured the apple underneath.
Fiona, the hippo: Eagles
Cincinnati Zoo's celebrity hippopotamus, Fiona, ate their greens out of the Eagles box. Underdogs have to stick together, after all.
Nicholas, the dolphin: Patriots
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium
When given the choice between a Patriots and Eagles football, Nicholas the rescued dolphin at Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Florida guided the Patriots football toward the "dolphin football judge." This psychic dolphin is six for seven in sports predictions, including a correct selection last year for the reigning Super Bowl champions Patriots. The Eagles have reason to fear.
Fernando, the sloth: Eagles
Phoenix Zoo's sloth, Fernando, made a decisive pick in favor of the Eagles by slowly climbing toward Philadelphia's container. It's always a delight watching sloths eat flowers, but this video set to a sultry soundtrack is a true gem.
April, the giraffe: Patriots
Animal Adventure Park YouTube
The Patriots are going to get its third Super Bowl title in four years, according to April, Animal Adventure Park's celebrity giraffe. April gained worldwide fame in 2017 when the late stages of their pregnancy and eventual delivery were streamed live on YouTube.
Le Le, the panda: Eagles
Le Le, a giant panda at the Memphis Zoo, declared Philadelphia to be the Super Bowl LII champions by pulling down the Eagles banner first. At just 1-3 in Super Bowl predictions, though, Le Le is more cute than accurate.
Jimmy Fallon's puppies: Patriots
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon YouTube
In the 2018 installment of this fan-favorite segment, more of Jimmy Fallon's 11-panel of puppies ate from the Patriots bowl than the Eagles bowl. The real MVP, though, is the puppy that refused to participate at 1:39.
Ahren, the eagle: Eagles
Ahren the eagle, a resident of Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, swooped down from a perch and looked briefly at the stuffed bear donning Patriots gear before picking their stuffed counterpart. Of course, this surprised no one. Even Ahren's handler admitted: "She might be a bit biased."
Linda Wang is an intern on the National Desk.
On 30 October, the Supreme Court had directed Unitech to deposit Rs750 crore by December to secure bail for Sanjay Chandra. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Unitech Ltd moved the Supreme Court on Monday against an order of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) allowing the government to take control of the real estate company.
A bench headed by chief justice Dipak Misra said that the matter would be heard on Tuesday. “We are more concerned with home buyers and not the company or those holding fixed deposits,” Misra said.
On 8 November, the NCLT dismissed the board of Unitech while hearing the central government's plea to take control of the real estate company, and directed the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) to nominate 10 directors to the board.
The NCLT observed that there was a prima facie case that the affairs of the company were not being carried out honestly and there were a number of irregularities in the company's operations.
The MCA, in a rare move, is seeking to take control of the private firm as there are allegations of fund diversion against it, said a person aware of the matter, who did not want to be named.
Also read: Unitech: The fall of a real estate giant
The ministry had filed a petition under section 241 of the Companies Act, 2013, which allows the government to apply to the tribunal if it feels that a company is operating in a manner prejudicial to public interest—in this case, homebuyers, shareholders and depositors.
To be sure, insolvency proceedings have been initiated against promoters of many realty firms including Amrapali Group, after angry customers dragged builders to court. Last month, the government amended the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code to include homebuyers as a class of creditors to real estate firms.
Unitech, once the country's second-largest real estate firm after DLF Ltd, owes over Rs7,800 crore to 16,300 homebuyers in 61 projects, according to data collated by Mint.
The MCA petition, parts of which were seen by Mint, cites the fate of 19,000 homebuyers, 15,000 small depositors and 700,000 shareholders as constituting public interest. It says the firm has also defaulted on debentures worth Rs251.78 crore and owes small depositors Rs596.76 crore.
The NCLT also restrained Sanjay Chandra and Ajay Chandra, directors of Unitech, from engaging in transactions related to their personal wealth till an investigation into alleged siphoning and diversion of money is concluded.
Sanjay and Ajay Chandra, part of the firm's promoter family, are named in a case of forgery lodged by buyers of Unitech's Gurugram project. On 1 April, the Supreme Court had sent both accused to police custody after the prosecution said their custodial interrogation was required to unravel the alleged money trail, beneficiaries of transactions and recovery of project-related documents and other evidence.
On 30 October, the Supreme Court had directed Unitech to deposit Rs750 crore by December to secure bail for Sanjay Chandra.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
A 52-year-old woman has been sentenced to 16 years in prison on the charge of setting fire to a bed that their partner was sleeping on.On Oct. 22 last year, the woman, who was drunk at the time, sprayed an accelerant on their partner's bed to set it on fire.The partner, who suffered burns all over, was sent to the hospital for treatment, but died after 10 days.Upholding the lower court's ruling, the Daegu High Court on Tuesday sentenced the woman to 16 years in prison for murder and arson.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom are weighing up a move to re-sign Shane Long.
Boss Tony Pulis is keen to land a new striker this month and Long is the latest name under consideration at the Hawthorns.
The 29 year-old left West Brom in January 2014 to join Hull but their spell there was brief as they moved onto Southampton for £12m just eight months later.
Long has struggled for goals and fitness this season after finishing last term in impressive form.
But they opened their account for Southampton this season in their 2-1 defeat against the Baggies on New Years Eve.
(Photo: Michael Regan)
Long is a wanted man with West Ham also eyeing the Irishman.
Long won't be easy to prise away from St Mary's with fellow Southampton striker Charlie Austin out until April with a shoulder injury, reducing Claude Puel's attacking options.
Bournemouth's Benik Afobe and Brentford's Scott Hogan are two alternative striker targets Pulis has in their sights.
A formerly homeless man has been sentenced to 54 years in prison for the 2010 slaying of a 94-year-old Chicago retiree who had once taken them in.Cook County Judge Stanley Sacks ordered 46-year-old Gilbert Feliciano to serve the prison sentence for home invasion, robbery and the murder of Stanley Letkiewicz, the Chicago Tribune reported Letkiewicz, a World War II veteran and retired machinist, had noticed Feliciano begging for money outside of a store and decided to allow them to stay at their home. They paid Feliciano to clean or fixing things in the basement and the attic.Letkiewicz's relatives said the living arrangement became strained after Feliciano's behavior became erratic and violent at times.Authorities said Feliciano approached Letkiewicz on Sept. 3 while they were taking out the trash. Prosecutors said Feliciano asked them for $40. When Letkiewicz didn't give them the money, Feliciano forced Letkiewicz into the home, beat them up and stole $100 from him.Letkiewicz identified Feliciano as their attacker, but police hadn't arrested them before Oct. 13, when a neighbor found Letkiewicz badly beaten in their home, said Jamie Santini, assistant state's attorney. They were taken to the hospital, where they told authorities who their attacker was before they died Nov. 23.The Cook County medical examiner's office said they had died from head injuries from an assault.Court records show Feliciano was arrested at a relative's nearly a year after the attack. They had fled to Ohio, but returned to the Chicago area after their mother died.He was found guilty of home invasion, robbery and murder in December.
Russia Denies U.S. Findings That It Tried To Influence U.S. Election
Russia Denies U.S. Findings That It Tried To Influence U.S. Election Listen · 7:19 7:19
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pregnant Pippa Middleton has visited Kensington Palace to meet their newborn nephew.
The duchess' sister was seen driving from the palace this afternoon after the family spent their first night at home with the baby prince.
Pippa stayed for two hours, said the Mirror's Royal Correspondent Victoria Murphy, who is outside Kensington Palace.
The new prince was born at 11.01am on St George's Day at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, in the exclusive Lindo Wing.
They weighed 8lbs, 7oz - the heaviest of Kate's three children.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Pippa - who announced they are pregnant this week - was seen in a dusty pink coat and sunglasses outside the palace in a car.
On Saturday it was revealed Pippa, 34, is pregnant with their first child with their financier husband James Matthew, 42.
Kate's younger sister and their partner are said to be "thrilled".
Close family and friends were told last week after their 12-week scan.
Pippa and James married last May and were said to be keen to start a family.
Their announcement came weeks after James' younger brother, former Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews, 28, and their 32-year-old fiancée, model Vogue Williams, confirmed they were expecting their first child and just days before Kate gave birth to the currently unnamed prince.
The Duke of Cambridge said their son's name will be revealed soon and bookies have Arthur as the favourite, closely followed by James, Albert and Philip.
CLEVELAND — Lavone Holland II scored 21 points and Drew McDonald scored 19 and Northern Kentucky beat Cleveland State convincingly 78-61 on Saturday.
Northern Kentucky (17-7, 10-2 Horizon League) raced to a 10-3 lead, the Roadrunners closed to a point with Kenny Carpenter's back-to-back layup and jump shot, but Mason Faulkner responded with a layup and Tyler Sharpe made consecutive 3-pointers and the Norse's lead went to 18-9. McDonald made back-to-back jumpers and Faulkner added another 3 and the lead was 14. Faulkner made all five of their 3s and scored all 14 of their points before intermission.
The Norse led 40-26 at the break before Cleveland State (6-19, 3-9) used an 8-4 spurt to close to 53-42 before McDonald's layup and jumper extended Northern Kentucky's lead to double digits for good. Tyler Sharpe added 12 points and the Norse shot 30 of 55 (54.5) from the field and 11 of 19 (58) from 3.
Carpenter and Tyree Appleby each scored 13 and Kasheem Thomas, 11 for the Vikings.
Chapecoense seek inspiration from timely trip to Japan
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 15:44 IST
TOKYO (Reuters) - Brazilian club Chapecoense are hoping to take inspiration from playing in Japan as they continue to rebuild after all but three of their squad were killed in a plane crash en route to the Copa Sudamericana final in Colombia last November.
Chapecoense were awarded the trophy following the disaster and are in Japan to play the Urawa Red Diamonds in Saitama on Tuesday in the annual Suruga Bank Championship between the reigning J.League Cup and Copa Sudamericana holders.
The Brazilian side's manager Vinicius Eutropio believes it is important for their team to take a spiritual lesson from being in a country that was devastated by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami but has found its footing since.
"This is a country which showed the entire world what recovery is all about," Eutropio was quoted by Kyodo news agency as telling reporters on Monday.
"We are in the process of rebuilding and we want to take whatever we can from here that will help us on our path to recovery."
Eutropio added that their side were well prepared for their first competitive overseas match since the crash on a mountain near Medellin that claimed 71 lives.
"This match means something to us. We are serious about it and we hope to give it everything we have at this point in time," they added.
"There is an intercontinental trophy at stake, which is something Chapecoense have never won (on the pitch). So it's imperative for us to take this silverware back home.
"We are expecting a very difficult game. We've had a long trip to get here, have jet lag and our opponents are a quality side. I've only been in charge for 30 days, but I have faith in my players and hope to take a win back to Brazil."
Urawa, who are also playing in the event founded in 2008 for a first time, are looking forward to a match that they feel will be emotional for both sides.
"(Chapecoense) are moving forward one step at a time and we are fortunate to have the opportunity to play them," captain Yuki Abe said. "I've played a lot of games in my career, but I think this is one I will remember for the rest of my life."
(Reporting by John O'Brien in Singapore; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
A Florida police K-9 officer will be suspended for five days after they posted a disturbing comment on Facebook in a thread about a "die-in" protest at a supermarket.
Information about the protest at Publix, where nationally-known Parkland student David Hogg and other students outlined 17 bodies in the parking lot, was posted on a Coral Springs/Parkland Facebook page, the Sun-Sentinel reports.
Brian Valenti, who has been with Coconut Creek Police Department for 23 years, wrote "hope some old lady loses control of their car in that lot" under a photo of Hogg, who organized the event.
A screenshot of the comment was sent to Coconut Creek commissioners and Police Chief Butch Arenal Saturday night, the Sun-Sentinel reports. The comment has since been deleted. Tuesday, the department announced it will suspend Valenti for five days without pay. They will also be required to complete sensitivity training.
Arenal said in a statement all city employees will receive a "refresher training on social media personal use," following this incident. They also said Valenti plans to directly apologize to organizers of the protest.
Photos: Parkland students stage "die-in" in Publix Demonstrators lie on the floor at a Publix Supermarket in Coral Springs, Fla., Friday, May 25, 2018. Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were shot and killed earlier this year did a "die in" protest at a supermarket chain that backs a gubernatorial candidate allied with the National Rifle Association. Shortly before the the "die-in" Publix announced that is will suspect political donations. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) 01 / 16 Demonstrators lie on the floor at a Publix Supermarket in Coral Springs, Fla., Friday, May 25, 2018. Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were shot and killed earlier this year did a "die in" protest at a supermarket chain that backs a gubernatorial candidate allied with the National Rifle Association. Shortly before the the "die-in" Publix announced that is will suspect political donations. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) 01 / 16
“He feels terrible and is very willing to apologize in person,” Rod Skirvin, a union leader and recently retired Coconut Creek detective, told the Sun-Suntinel.
More: David Hogg is irritating, but Laura Ingraham is the adult and they blew it
More: Parkland survivor David Hogg: Wear #OrangeCaps at graduation for gun control
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student David Hogg speaks during the March for Our Lives Rally in Washington, D.C. on March 24.
Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images
Following the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., that left 17 people dead, Hogg has become a voice for stricter gun laws and an outspoken critic of the National Rifle Association.
Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Christmas right on the doorstep, for most of us, present buying is well and truly in full swing. So whether you're looking for Christmas stocking filler ideas for the boyfriend, cheap inspiration for the kids or even stocking fillers for the dog, this is your go-to guide.
Budgets are running low but there's still Santa sacks to fill, so we've rounded up the best stocking fillers you can get on the high street right now, plus our top 5 tips on how to stay on budget.
From John Lewis to Wilko and everything in between, this is what to fill your kid's, boyfriend's, girlfriend's, dog's and cat's stockings with this festive season.
The only question left is, are you hanging up the stocking on your wall or leaving it at the end of the bed?
Best Christmas stocking fillers under £15
If you're looking for Christmas stocking filler ideas for kids and toddlers , you can check out our handy guide.
Stocking fillers for teenagers
(Image: Wilko)
Whether you're giving it as a gift set for one or splitting it up between your three children, this is one for slightly older kids, who are just getting into the world of beauty.
If they love gaming, this chocolate version of their controller will make them smile both as they open it and as they eat it.
Adidas can get expensive, but this string bag is well within the £15 budget, and is ideal for active kids that endlessly cart their trainers and sports kit around.
Kids go crazy for sweets from across the pond, so whether you're splitting them up between lots of teenagers, or treating one lucky one to the whole set, this selection is sure to go down a treat.
(Image: John Lewis)
This foam card model set will teach kids all about hand eye coordination, with 36 foam card pieces that join together to make London's famous monument.
(Image: Disney)
Chip cups have been all the rage this year, and now there's a snuggly soft toy version. Ideal for avid Beauty and the Beast fans who just can't get enough of their favourite character.
Stocking fillers for them
Star Trek fans will laugh their heads off at this amusing pair, which even features 3D ears. There are plenty of characters to pick from if Spock isn't quite your male's scene.
If you and your man are doing stockings for each other this year, how about dropping in a bottle of beautiful craft beer?
A tiny matchbox containing a selection of all the world's hottest chilli powders, ideal for spice lovers.
This brightly coloured speaker will impress men all over the country this Christmas, who won't be expecting to open something so decent in their stocking.
Stocking fillers for them
Things don't get much better for home proud people than a Yankee Candle - and this one is Christmas flavoured. The smaller jars are the perfect size to pop in a stocking.
REN is one of the best skin cares out there - and usually cost a fortune. But this little sample size beauty is perfect for a relaxing post-Christmas bath, once all the guests have gone home.
Pompom Slipper Socks, £5 (3 for 2 gift offers)
It's customary for men and women alike to get a pair of socks this Christmas, so make sure theirs are extra special, with these incredibly fluffy looking ones that she'll wear all year round.
Hot Chocolate Mug and Whisk set, £12.50 (3 for 2 gift offers)
If the lady you're buying for loves a sweet treat, this hot chocolate mug and whisk set will let them make their drink of dreams just like they do in Costa and Starbucks.
Personalise them with any pictures you want - whether funny, cute or artistic - these coasters may be small but they will certainly be cherished for years to come.
While these coasters are at the top end of the budget, as they come in a set of four you can share them out between an array of different stockings.
A wonderful set for any canine lover, these pillowcases feature a gorgeous monochrome sausagedog that will put your bed centre stage of the room.
A quirky gift without an outrageous price tag, these pillowcases are great for couples or dog-mad children.
Stocking fillers for pets
Packed in its own little stocking, this set is perfect for people with a few of the flurry friends, who can share them out equally.
This Christmas, Wilko have a huge range of presents of pets to browse through, no matter what animal you have. This bargainous bauble gets your dog a Christmas dinner of their own.
Top 5 tips for creating a cheap Christmas stocking
1. Stick to a stocking
It seems increasingly popular to swap the traditional sock for a much larger sack or bag. But by sticking with traditional and just getting a large red sock, the stocking fills up a lot faster than its sack-shaped counterparts.
2. Create Christmas traditions
For cheap gifts that will always be well received, create Christmas traditions that include super cheap gifts such as a Terry's chocolate orange, satsuma or chocolate coints. Knowing you'll be doing this means that you can grab them while they're on offer, rather than waiting until the big day.
3. Make the most of multi-packs
This is especially useful if you have a lot of children, as often things sold together in packs are much cheaper than buying things singularly. However, if you're only catering for one person and have several other friends and family to get a gift for this Christmas, making a stocking for them too makes a thoughtful and fairly cheap Christmas gift.
4. Stock up in the sales
It seems like a no-brainer, but buying your gifts according to good deals you see rather than in one big batch on payday makes a big difference to your bank account.
5. Sneak in some useful stuff
Stockings aren't always limited to toys and sweets, you can also fill up space in the stocking with useful items such as toothbrushes, that you'd be buying anyway. Although it is a nice idea to get slightly fancier versions of their normal everyday items, to add a little extra excitement.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is listed as doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday because of broken ribs.
Montgomery got hurt in last week's win over the Chicago Bears. They appeared to be wearing a flak jacket under their jersey while practicing on a limited basis this week.
Backup running back Jamaal Williams, who hurt their knee in the Bears game, was dropped from the injury report on Friday and should be available against Dallas.
Receiver Davante Adams was listed as questionable. They remain in the concussion protocol following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan, though they have been moving around well at practice.
Have your say
Peterborough United have been dealt a massive blow ahead of their must-win League One game at Shrewsbury tonight (April 24).
Top scorer Jack Marriott has been ruled out with a slight foot injury. It's the first League One match the 32-goal striker has missed all season.
Marcus Maddison remains absent, while goalkeeper Conor O'Malley is also out with a thigh injury. Jonathan Bond will return in goal with coach Mark Tyler on the substututes' bench.
Danny Lloyd is expected to replace Marriott as the most forward player with Joe Ward and George Cooper offering support.
Posh look set to continue with wing-backs and three centre-backs.
Shrewsbury have rested several senior players for tonight's game.
Posh are six points outside the top six with just three games to go having lost their last three matches.
Posh: Jonathan Bond: Jack Baldwin, Steven Taylor, Andrew Hughes, Leo Da Silva Lopes, Anthony Grant, Michael Doughty, Gwion Edwards, George Cooper, Danny Lloyd, Joe Ward. Substitutes: Mark Tyler, Chris Forrester, Lewis Freestone, Jermaine Anderson, Idris Kanu, Liam Shephard, Junior Morias.
Shrewsbury: Craig MacGillivray, Max Lowe, Ben Godfrey, Omar Beckles, Nathan Thomas, Bryn Morris, Luke Hendrie, Sam Jones, Abo Eisa, Aristotle Nsiala, Stefan Payne. Substitutes: Jordan Henderson, Joe Riley, Carlton Morris, Arthur Gnahola, Lenell John-Lewis, Alex Rodman,
Referee: Mark Heywood.
Alan Swann is at the game for the Peterborough Telegraph so check back for team news, a match report and match reaction.
Also follow @PTAlanSwann on Twitter for live match updates.
The Rangers fell to the Montreal Canadiens, 3-1, in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals Sunday at Madison Square Garden.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) The Montreal Canadiens celebrate their third-period power-play goal as Dan Girardi #5 and Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers look on in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Shea Weber #6 of the Montreal Canadiens celebrates their third-period goal with teammate Alex Galchenyuk #27 as Kevin Hayes #13 of the New York Rangers looks on during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers reacts after surrendering a third-period goal as Paul Byron #41 of the Montreal Canadiens celebrates in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Brady Skjei #76 and Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers watch the replay of the Montreal Canadiens' third goal of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Kevin Klein #8, Rick Nash #61 and Mats Zuccarello #36 of the New York Rangers watch the replay of the Montreal Canadiens' third goal of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 and Kevin Hayes #13 of the New York Rangers look on after the Montreal Canadiens scored a third period power play goal in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers looks on after the Montreal Canadiens scored a third-period power-play goal in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 and Ryan McDonagh #27 of the New York Rangers look on after the Montreal Canadiens scored a third-period power-play goal in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers looks on after surrendering a second-period goal against the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 and Ryan McDonagh #27 of the New York Rangers look on after surrendering a second-period goal against the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 and Ryan McDonagh #27 of the New York Rangers look on after surrendering a second-period goal against the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Nathan Beaulieu #28 of the Montreal Canadiens celebrates a goal against Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers scored in the second period by Artturi Lehkonen #62 during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Nathan Beaulieu #28 of the Montreal Canadiens celebrates a goal against Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers scored in the second period by Artturi Lehkonen #62 during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers defends a shot in the first period against the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers makes a save in the second period against Torrey Mitchell #17 of the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Carey Price #31 of the Montreal Canadiens defends against Jimmy Vesey #26 of the New York Rangers in the first period during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Chris Kreider #20 of the New York Rangers controls the puck in the first period against Torrey Mitchell #17 of the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Steve Ott #92 of the Montreal Canadiens defends against Jimmy Vesey #26 of the New York Rangers in the first period during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers makes a save in the second period against Torrey Mitchell #17 of the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers makes a first period save against Paul Byron #41 of the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Brendan Gallagher #11 of the Montreal Canadiens gets tangled up with Ryan McDonagh #27 of the New York Rangers in the first period during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Jim McIsaac) (Credit: Jim McIsaac) Tanner Glass #15 of the New York Rangers blockes a shot attempt in the first period against Jeff Petry #26 of the Montreal Canadiens during Game 3 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, April 16, 2017.
(Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) (Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) Montreal Canadiens' Dwight King, right, takes a shot past New York Rangers' Marc Staal during the first period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) (Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) New York Rangers' Marc Staal, right, tries to block a shot by Montreal Canadiens' Paul Byron during the first period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) (Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) Montreal Canadiens' Brendan Gallagher, right, falls backward while New York Rangers' Kevin Klein, left, and Marc Staal look on during the first period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) (Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) Montreal Canadiens goalie Carey Price, left, gets up off the ice while other players scuffle nearby during the first period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series against the New York Rangers, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) (Credit: AP / Seth Wenig) New York Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist makes a save during the first period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series against the Montreal Canadiens, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) (Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) Fans watch warmups prior to Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs between the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) (Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) The image of Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers is projected on the ice prior to Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs between the New York Ranges and Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) (Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) The image of Michael Grabner #40 of the New York Rangers is projected on the ice prior to Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs between the New York Ranges and Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) (Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) A fan celebrates Easter while watching the warmups prior to Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs between the New York Ranges and Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on April 16, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) (Credit: Getty Images / Bruce Bennett) Alex Galchenyuk #27 of the Montreal Canadiens stretched prior to Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs between the New York Ranges and Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on April 16, 2017.
The English language remains the key behind the United States' common culture, but with talks of amnesty for illegal aliens and the potential mass immigration that would follow, American English's future is on rocky ground.
Under a deal being pushed by White House Legislative Affairs Director Marc Short – who formerly led a ‘Never Trump' effort inside the pro-open borders Koch brothers' organizations – the Republican establishment, and Democrats not only would the estimated 800,000 illegal aliens currently shielded by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program receive amnesty, but millions more as well.
advertisement
As Breitbart News reported, any form of amnesty for illegal aliens would potentially lead to a massive chain migration, primarily from Mexico, into the U.S. that could reach upwards of eight million foreign nationals. In addition, the amnesty could result in a surge at the U.S.-Mexico border, where hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens may attempt to enter the country.
Also, the amnesty could be expanded years later to include all 12 to 30 million illegal aliens residing in the U.S., creating a chain migration of hundreds of millions that would expand in decades afterward.
These realities of amnesty for illegal aliens put America's most sacred and shared common tradition at risk: American English.
The vast majority of DACA recipients and the current immigrant population are Mexican nationals. An amnesty would certainly balloon the Mexican national population in the U.S. to historic, unprecedented levels.
In Mexico, though, English language rates remain incredibly poor. The latest research conducted by the Mexican Institute for Competitiveness showed that only five percent of the Mexican population “speak this language or understand it.”
Meanwhile, the U.S. now surpasses Spain as the second country in the world with the most Spanish speakers, with only Mexico surpassing the U.S., according to the latest research by Instituto Cervantes.
The 2015 study revealed that while American English remains stagnant in the U.S., there are now more than 40 million – mostly immigrant – residents in the U.S. who speak Spanish in the home. An additional almost 12 million speak Spanish and English.
That research backs up a 2015 study conducted by the Center for Immigration Studies which found that overall, there are now nearly 65 million U.S. residents who speak a foreign language at home, putting downward pressure on local hospitals, schools, and other public services.
In California, alone, the non-English-speaking population is ticking up close to 50 percent, while 35 percent of Texas residents and 34 percent of New Mexico's residents speak a foreign language at home.
Of the nearly 65 million foreign-speaking U.S. residents, Migration Policy Institute research shows that more than 25 million were “limited” in English proficiency, making up almost half of the entire U.S. immigrant population. The number of foreign nationals lacking English proficiency has more than doubled since the 1980's.
With current legal and illegal immigration levels, where more than 1.5 million enter the U.S. every year, primarily from Spanish-speaking Central America, the Instituto Cervantes estimates that by 2050, American will surpass Mexico as having the most Spanish-speakers, totaling almost half the U.S. population at 138 million.
With an amnesty for illegal aliens, those Spanish-speaking estimates could come potentially five to ten years quicker, as possibly tens of millions could enter the U.S. more easily over the course of five years.
The trend of the U.S. becoming a majority non-English-speaking country could readily be slowed for the national interest by Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) and Sen. David Perdue's (R-GA) RAISE Act, which would not only cut legal immigration levels in half but give priority to English-speaking immigrants.
The leading English language group in the U.S., ProEnglish, has endorsed the RAISE Act for the importance it places on English as a defining factor for sustaining America's common culture:
“The English component is especially necessary,” ProEnglish Executive Director Stephen Guschov said in a news release. “The Clinton-era Executive Order 13166, which has never been repealed, requires all federal funds recipients including hospitals, doctor's offices and school districts to provide interpreters or translations for non-English speaking persons. And they must pay for it themselves. If they don't, they face civil rights violations, fines and even jail time.” “Over a decade ago the General Accounting Office estimated the cost of E.O. 13166 was in the billions of dollars annually. So it is only common sense that if we're going to be forced to bear the cost of immigrants who can't speak English, we should require them to speak it before they get a visa and can come into our country,” Guschov says. “E.O. 13166 heavily impacts the area of health care,” Guschov adds. “Requiring extra translation services for the over 300 languages spoken in this country only increases the cost of health care on all Americans while promoting linguistic divisions.” “It only makes sense that President Donald Trump add E.O. 13166 to their list of unwise or unconstitutional presidential fiats that should be relegated to the trash can,” Guschov concludes. “After all, a requirement for a green card or U.S. citizenship is that one should be proficient in the English language.”
In 2012, researchers at the Nigerian Ahmadu Bello University studied the importance of a common language on a nation. The study ultimately concluded that a national language brings national unity, while also serving as an equalizer for a nation's differing groups.
For decades, populist Republicans have tried to make English the official language of the U.S. Former Congresswoman Michele Bachmann famously campaigned for president in the 2012 GOP primary on the issue.
Now, Rep. Steve King (R-IA) is one of the biggest proponents of it, authoring legislation this year titled the “English Language Unity Act.” Sen. James Inhofe (R-OK) has recently introduced the Senate version of King's bill. So far, the legislation has 64 supporters thus far in the House and Senate.
“The most unifying force in the world has always been a common language,” King said in a statement. “Almost without exception, every nation-state, including the Vatican, has at least one official language – except the United States. My English Language Unity Act requires all official functions of the United States to be conducted in English.”
Hashim Amla invests INR 6.29 crore in Durban development
Rupin Kale FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER News 303 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:00 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The cricketer's net worth is estimated to be around $27 million
What's the story?
South African cricketer, Hashim Amla, recently invested over 12.5 South African Rands (INR 6.29 crore) in a property development project called the Saxony Sibaya in Durban.
"Throughout my career I have been exposed to some great investment opportunities, and it is in recent times that I've realised that the best investment returns come from off-plan residential developments," revealed the right-handed batsman in a conversation with Property Wheel.
"To be able to live somewhere that is safe and secure, where you are free to live an active, outdoor lifestyle, and where you literally have access to all the amenities you could possibly need right at your doorstep, really is quite special," they added.
"I have been observing the significant growth within Sibaya Coastal Precinct, and with its revolutionised lifestyle, it is by far the fastest growing residential node in the country right now. I jumped at the opportunity to invest in this node and to partner with one of South Africa's leading property developers, Saxony Developments."
In case you didn't know..
The 35-year-old Proteas cricketer was born and raised in Durban, and also completed their schooling from the Durban High School. Their permanent residence is also registered in the Kwazulu-Natal city.
According to the Net Worth Portal, Amla's net worth is estimated to be around $27 million at the moment.
The details
The right-handed batsman posted about their association with the development on their official Twitter handle, exuding excitement about their partnership in the project.
Join me (@hashamla is me on insta) and @msi_sport over the next few days on @instagram as we launch an all encompassing luxury development called #TheSaxonySibaya in #Durban. Live stories and much more. pic.twitter.com/GKP3RZGxYz — hashim amla (@amlahash) June 15, 2018
The project consists of as many as 100 luxurious apartments, featuring either two or three bedrooms. Three to four bedroom penthouses with private living spaces will also be a part of the development.
What's next?
The project is expected to be completed by 2020 and will be amongst one of the biggest investments by the South African cricketer.
A man who suffered a cardiac arrest near the River Nene at Rivergate has died.
The 39-year-old was taken ill at 2pm on Thursday afternoon close to the footbridge over the river at Asda.
The Magpas air ambulance landed at Railworld
Emergency services were called to help the man, with the Magpas Air Ambulance and East of England Ambulance Service sending paramedics to help.
They were taken to Peterborough City Hospital in a critical condition.
Cambridgeshire police cordoned off the footbridge to allow for searches of the area to take place.
However, the man died in hospital yesterday.
The police cordon
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said they were appealing for help to piece together the man's last movements.
The spokesperson said: “The 39-year-old man died yesterday at PCH after their condition deteriorated. The death is not being treated as suspicious and we are liaising with the coroner.
“We would, however, still like to hear from anyone who saw them after 1.30pm on Thursday to piece together their last movements.”
Anyone with information should call Cambridgeshire police on 101.
More: Man suffers cardiac arrest at Rivergate
WASHINGTON (CNN) — President Donald Trump on Wednesday called for unity in the wake of the shooting at a Republican congressional baseball practice that injured five people, including a top House Republican.
“We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because above all they love our country,” Trump said from the White House. “We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans. That our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace. That we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good.”
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer, lobbyist and two law enforcement officials suffered gunshot wounds after a shooter opened fire on Republican members of Congress who were playing baseball at a field in Alexandria, Virginia.
Related Content: Rifle-wielding gunman wounds lawmaker, then killed by police
Trump announced that the alleged shooter, identified to CNN from federal law enforcement sources as James T. Hodgkinson, died of their injuries. Law enforcement officials are still investigating the motive behind the shooting. Two members of Congress said Hodgkins asked them whether the players on the field were Democrats or Republicans.
The shooting marks the first time a sitting member of Congress has been shot since Rep. Gabby Giffords was targeted by a gunman in 2011.
Trump praised Scalise as “a patriot” and “a fighter” and said Scalise has the prayers of the “entire nation” behind him.
“He will recover from this assault and, Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you but of an entire nation and frankly the entire world,” Trump said. “America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this shooting.”
Trump praised the Capitol Police officers who fired back at the shooter for their “heroism” and called on Americans to “take a moment today to cherish those you love and always remember those who serve and keep us safe.”
Related Content: Connecticut lawmakers react to Virginia shooting
Trump canceled a scheduled event at the Labor Department soon after the shooting took place, and the White House has said both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence received updates on the shooting.
In the wake of the shooting, Trump spoke over the phone with House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Scalise's wife and their chief of staff, as well as the Capitol Police chief.
Saudi Arabia: The White House Loves It. Most Americans? Not So Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Kitwood/AP Dan Kitwood/AP
With Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman embarking on a nearly three-week road show across the United States, they will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like their country very much.
Despite a 75-year economic and military alliance with Saudi Arabia and regular royal visits, 55 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of the kingdom, according to a Gallup poll in February.
Even longtime U.S. adversaries like China and Cuba have scored more favorably.
Crown Prince Mohammed is expected to be welcomed as a reformer when President Trump greets them at the White House on Tuesday. The 32-year-old prince recently expanded women's rights. This summer the kingdom lifts its ban on women driving. Women are also allowed to enter the military for the first time and can attend sporting and cultural events.
He's reined in the religious police who enforced strict rules of public behavior. Public cinemas will be licenses for the first time in decades.
But he's also raised concerns with brazen power moves that include detaining more than 300 business people, former ministers and high-ranking royals in a five-star hotel in the capital Riyadh. The Gulf nation's leaders described the wave of arrests in November 2017 as an anti-corruption purge, but for many international investors, it seemed more like a shakedown, as wealthy Saudi business people were pressured to negotiate secret settlements and hand over billions to get released or face public trials and personal ruin.
Crown Prince Mohammed has a backer in the White House. President Trump tweeted their approval of the anti-corruption campaign within hours of the arrests in Riyadh.
"I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...." the president tweeted.
After the White House visit, the crown prince's schedule includes meetings in Silicon Valley, in Los Angeles with entertainment executives, oil industry leaders in Houston, captains of finance in New York and high-profile media interviews along the way.
The busy itinerary appears to be a charm offensive to reset American public opinion and woo U.S. investors. Saudi Arabia has a story to sell: a young, dynamic crown prince who claims to be dramatically reforming the kingdom. They will tell a skeptical American business community that Saudi Arabia is safe for investments and even open for tourism for the first time.
The Saudi and U.S. economies are significantly linked by "investment ties, energy markets, and a shared interest in the stability of the global economy," writes Karen Young, a resident scholar at Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. For one, Saudi Arabia is the biggest international buyer of U.S. weapons.
It will be an uphill battle, says Frank Wisner, a retired U.S. diplomat and business person.
"It's not an easy country to like," Wisner says. "The American mind simply rebels at the way Saudi women are treated, the way they execute criminals, the enforced religious doctrine," they say.
There are other issues that follow the prince to the United States. Members of Congress are urging the U.S. to stop supporting the Saudi war in Yemen, which has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the country.
For all the claims of reform, the prince hasn't talked about free speech or elected leadership. Dissident clerics and critics of the latest reforms have been jailed.
But the issues that color American public opinion come closer to home.
"It goes back to the 1980s, they [the Saudis] were perceived using their oil wealth to rip off Americans," explains Gerald Feierstein, director of Gulf affairs at the Middle East Institute in Washington and a former ambassador to Yemen.
"I see from the coverage that Saudi Arabia is a country that many liberal Americans ... [and] many liberal Westerners love to hate." says Bernard Haykel, professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University.
There have been serious low points in the relationship, like when Saudi Arabia imposed an oil embargo against the United states in the 1970s in retaliation for America's military support for Israel. More recently, last December, Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud condemned President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Worst of all for some Americans, the Sept. 11 attacks still cast a long shadow over Saudi Arabia because 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
"There are still lots of people who look at the Saudis and think 9/11," says F. Gregory Gause, a professor of international affairs at Texas A&M. "Either they were behind it, for which there is no evidence, or they created the conditions."
For a long time there have been two things you could count on in relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
The country has been favored by American Presidents.
But it's unpopular with the American people.
"The White House is always friends with Saudi Arabia. It's largely because the things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places." Says Gause.
"The things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places. The Saudis just do things quietly," says Gause.
The Trump administration is rolling out the red carpet and cranking up the pomp for Crown Prince Mohammed.
It's payback for the Saudi royal welcome Trump received on their first foreign outing as president last summer. But this Saudi royal charm offensive has to reach out to a wider audience.
Crown Prince Mohammed's trip to American financial centers is part of their effort to woo Western investors to avert an economic disaster at home. Since oil prices collapsed in 2014, the Saudis are burning through billions in foreign reserves just to make ends meet. The government provides a generous system of entitlements to Saudi citizens that can only be maintained at ever-higher oil prices. It's an unsustainable a hurry, says Haykel.
"He has a short amount of time to change the economy or the country is headed for disaster," they say, adding that the crown prince has driven a Tesla, an electric car predicted to one day undermine the oil economy.
There are many hurdles ahead as Crown Prince Mohammed tries to deliver on their revolutionary agenda to transform their country at warp speed. It's also too soon to tell if he's simply rebranding Saudi Arabia or leading a reboot of the conservative kingdom.
"He's a different leader from everything that has come in the last 50 years. They have a vision," says Haykel. "He's young and charismatic," but Haykel adds that there is a downside to the breathtaking changes.
"People have pinned huge hopes on their ability to actually change the economy and reform society. Those hopes are very dangerous."
"He is certainly going to change Saudi Arabia," says Norman Roule, a retired intelligence officer who served with the CIA in the Middle East. "The Saudis are superb allies and we have to support them in this journey," Roule says, explaining they believe there is no room for failure for a country that is a key to Middle East stability.
Backers of a close U.S.-Saudi relationship note that Riyadh has been a strong strategic partner for decades thanks to oil and regional politics. Saudi Arabia serves as counter-balance to Iran and the Saudis have helped the U.S. battle extremism. The U.S. needs Saudi assistance in a battle of ideas against al-Qaida and ISIS, says Gause: "Liberal democracies are not going to talk them out of what they are doing. The Saudis can rebut them with their own language."
"If the Saudis don't succeed, what does it mean for the region?" asks Roule. They believe Saudi Arabia is too big to fail. "To me the answer is clear. We have to do everything we can to support him."
NATIONAL
The leader of South Korea's ruling Democratic Party embarked on an eight-day trip to Russia on Monday for talks with top Moscow officials over North Korea's nuclear standoff, economic cooperation and other bilateral issues.
Choo Mi-ae's visit as the chairperson of the South Korea-Russia Interparliamentary Council is part of their initiative to support the government's efforts to strengthen diplomatic and economic ties with major countries, including the United States, China and Japan.
"Russia has recently been keeping close economic cooperation with our country, and bilateral diplomatic relations at a parliamentary level have also been being strengthened," they told reporters before departing.
Choo Mi-ae, the leader of the ruling Democratic Party, speaks during a meeting with reporters at the Incheon International Airport, west of Seoul, on Dec. 11, 2017. (Yonhap)
"As Russia is part of international collaboration in resolving the North's nuclear threat, I will try to create opportunities for cooperation (on the issue)," they added.Choo is set to meet a series of influential parliamentary and government officials such as Russia's State Duma Chairman Vyacheslav Viktorovich Volodin, Deputy Prime Minister Yury Trutnev and East Development Minister Alexander Galushka.During their talks with Volodin, the speaker of the lower house of Russia's parliament, Choo is expected to seek enhanced cooperation between their legislatures in ensuring peace on the Korean Peninsula and expanding bilateral economic exchanges, their aide said.At their meetings with Trutnev and Galushka, Choo plans to seek cooperation in pushing for a free trade agreement between South Korea and the Russia-led Eurasian Economic Union, a customs union consisting of Russia, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.Choo is also set to meet Russia legislators to explore ways to ensure practical cooperation between the countries' legislatures.She, in addition, will hold talks with South Korean businesspeople operating in Russia to listen to their difficulties and meet with leaders of Saint Petersburg to call for their active support for South Korean companies.She is also to use their visit to encourage Russian athletes to compete in the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics as neutral individuals, despite a ban on Russia competing over its state-sponsored doping.Choo recently visited the US and China. They plan to visit Japan early next year. (Yonhap)
Preparing for the Inevitable American Gun Ban by Rector – Survival Blog
A full gun ban in the United States is inevitable. Any honest reading of the cultural, legal, and demographic trends in the United States will confirm this thesis– the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall be infringed, and we will lose our firearms.
Many of you are rightfully rejecting my premise and doing so on solid intellectual ground: the 2nd Amendment, the Heller decision, the rise of concealed carry, the election of Trump, and the power of the NRA. These are formidable weapons in the fight to retain our rights. Yet, ultimately, we will lose the fight because this isn't your grandfather's America anymore.
The ban will be gradually implemented, popularly supported, and “legal”. You will have a choice to make– obey the law or become a felon. That decision will change your relationship with the government permanently. If you comply, you risk exposure to crime and unlawful government force. If you resist, you will become an outlaw. This article seeks to prepare you for that fateful day.
The Culture is Changing, Permanently
The fountainhead of Western Civilization is the Judeo-Christian worldview. This ethical foundation of natural law, including the right of self-defense, recognizes inalienable rights bestowed upon men by God. The Judeo-Christian ethic was revealed to man through the Hebrew Bible and forms a belief system that acknowledges God's authority over the state and the body of law. As long as the king is subordinate to God, the law will reflect Their character and Their principles, including the right to lawful self-defense.
Biblical Christianity No Longer Forms American World View
But Biblical Christianity no longer forms the world view of the American people. The State has assumed God's rightful role as the source of truth, and as a result the law has become disconnected from its founding principles. The leftist political indoctrination that passes for education in our society confirms this secular world view in the minds of an ignorant populous. In short, there is no longer a consensus around the principles that support the rights of an armed populace; the foundations have been destroyed. We are already in the minority.
Secularization/Multiculturalism of Our Culture
The increasing secularization of our culture (or its evil twin– “multiculturalism”) are bringing our laws into alignment with the body of law seen across the rest of the world. Guns are heavily controlled or outright banned in every major civilization, from the Islamic world to the Far East and from South America to Europe and Australia. No society that has adopted a secular or non-Christian world view retains the right to bear arms. In these societies firearms are managed in the same manner as illegal narcotics. As our society adopts these secular ethics, our laws will go the same way.
The Post-Constitutional Legal Environment
The Second Amendment will provide diminishing protection as the judiciary and citizenry ignore the plain language of the Constitution. While the recent Heller decision was encouraging, we remain only one Supreme Court vote away from a reversal of that decision. Imagine if Hillary had won the last election, replaced Scalia with another Ginsburg, and then had had the opportunity to replace two more justices. That death blow was only avoided by the thinnest of margins in 2016. Can we depend on the Electoral College in 2020 or 2024 to protect the RKBA from an activist judiciary forever?
Constitutional Language Never Prevented Infringement
Sadly, the plain language of our Constitution has never fully prevented infringement, if the courts and society are willing to selectively ignore the Bill of Rights. To wit:
The last declared war in accordance with Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution was World War II. Since then we have been involved in endless war across the globe. The powers of the U.S. Supreme Court are listed in Article III, Section 2. There is no mention of the courts judging the constitutionality of laws and regulations in Article III of the U.S. Constitution. This has been the gateway to “evolving interpretation” of the law, which allows for grossly unconstitutional provisions to be perpetuated in “case law” or precedent. The English language doesn't require “interpretation”, and yet the entire judicial system has been corrupted by this insidious process. New constitutional “rights” (i.e. abortion, separation of church and state) are created, and enumerated rights are ignored or “reinterpreted”. The 4th Amendment clearly prohibits the warrantless, unreasonable seizure of property, and yet “civil asset forfeiture” is a widely accepted practice among police departments. During World War II, the U.S. government rounded up ethnic Japanese citizens of the United States en masse and interned them in prison camps without charges, trial, or justification.
Sharing is caring!
NJPW News: Dave Meltzer gives Kenny Omega vs. Kazuchika Okada II a 6.25-star rating
As per Meltzer, the match outdid their previous encounter at Wrestle Kingdom 11.
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 15 Jun 2017, 10:42 IST
A match for the ages
What's the story?
Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter has given the New Japan Pro Wrestling rematch between Kazuchika Okada (c) and Kenny Omega a rating of 6.25 stars. Okada and Omega had wrestled to a 60-minute time limit draw in their rematch at NJPW Dominion 6.11.
In case you didn't know...
Kazuchika Okada and Kenny Omega are both NJPW Superstars who have been embroiled in a rivalry against each other since Wrestle Kingdom 11.
Okada, who is the reigning IWGP Heavyweight Champion, had defended their Championship against Omega at the event, which was held at the Tokyo Dome on 4th January 2017. Their match had lasted 46 minutes and was rated by Dave Meltzer as the “first ever” 6-star match.
Omega and Okada continued their rivalry at the NJPW Dominion 6.11 event which was held on 11th June in Osaka, Japan. With the IWGP Heavyweight Championship on the line, Okada and Omega fought in a 60-minute time limit match to a draw, as the time ran out with no winner being decided.
Okada retained their championship as a result of the draw.
The heart of the matter
Dave Meltzer has revealed their ratings for the NJPW Dominion 6.11 event and has rated the rematch between Kenny Omega and Kazuchika Okada a staggering 6.25 stars. This is the highest rating that Meltzer has given any professional wrestling match in their 34-year career.
The 6.25 rating means that in the opinion of Meltzer, the 60-minute time limit match between Kenny Omega and Kazuchika Okada is the greatest professional wrestling match of all time.
Also read: 5 questions from Kazuchika Okada vs. Kenny Omega II that we need answering
The next highest rated matches on the NJPW Dominion 6.11 event were Kushida vs. Hiromu Takahashi (c) for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship, which was rated 4.75 stars and Hiroshi Tanahashi vs. Tetsuya Naito (c) which was rated at 4.5 stars.
What's next?
Kazuchika Okada has praised their opponent Kenny Omega for their performance during their rematch. Okada stated that they had never thought that anyone could “take them to the limit” the way Omega had done and that a third match between the two “had to happen”.
Okada will now be defending their IWGP Heavyweight Championship against former WWE Superstar Cody Rhodes at the G1 Special, which will be held at Long Beach, California on 2nd July 2017.
Author's take
Kazuchika Okada and Kenny Omega are indeed two of the greatest professional wrestlers to have ever been inside the squared circle. The men have proven time and again that they deserve every bit of adoration and adulation that they receive from the likes of Meltzer and their rematch was a definite testament to the same.
The 6.25 atars rating might be criticised for making the "ratings system" a "joke", but the ratings and the rating system belong to Meltzer and he's free to do as they please with them. The match was certainly better than their Wrestle Kingdom 11 encounter, so if a 6-star rating for that match was justified, then so is a 6.25 rating for this one.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
tst 11 Try not to expend the extra measurement it will harm for your wellbeing. you should utilize this supplement on your regular routine for around three months to get the best consequences of this supplement. Safety measures of tst 11: You should think about the accompanying precautionary measure about this supplement: You simply need to keep this jug in the dry territory.
WASHINGTON — President Trump signed legislation Wednesday to give terminally ill patients the ability to access experimental drugs that have not won approval from the Food and Drug Administration.
The "right to try" measure will let patients who have exhausted other options access drugs in early stages of FDA review. Trump has frequently noted their support for the idea, most recently during their State of the Union address in January.
"For countless patients, time is not what they have," the president said. "With the right to try, patients with life-threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions."
Trump has sought several changes in FDA policy this year, most of which have been aimed at lowering the cost of prescription drugs or speeding their review. Hinting at the possibility of another announcement, Trump said that pharmaceutical companies would announce a “voluntary, massive” reduction in prices in coming weeks.
The "right to try" legislation gives terminally ill patients the ability to access drugs that have cleared the initial phase of review but have not been fully cleared by the FDA. The House approved a Senate-passed bill earlier this month on a mostly party-line vote.
Supporters said the measure gives a lifeline to patients who don't have another option. Opponents are concerned about cutting the FDA out of the process and have questioned whether it would, in fact, give patients greater access to experimental drugs.
As the House and Senate negotiated different versions of the bill, Trump said they called on lawmakers to focus on the proposal that would have the most benefit for “the people,” not insurers and drug manufacturers.
“I don't care about them,” the president said. “I couldn't care less.”
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
All posts to go in here from now on.
_________________
Bin Jesus wrote: Clod has been meeting for illicit blindfold sessions in a dark room with a hot white woman they met online.
Jeremy Kyle reveals that clod has in fact been banging not only a dude, but a their own estranged half chinese son from a former interracial marriage that ended so badly it left them bitter and incredibly racist.
_________________
© Stefan Wermuth / Reuters
Police have made the grisly discovery of the dismembered body of a registered sex offender and their adult daughter. It is thought that the woman may have disturbed the killer chopping up their father's corpse, resulting in their own grisly end.Metropolitan Police officers forced their way into a home in New Butt Lane, Deptford, in the early hours of December 4, following a tip-off from a neighbor concerned for the welfare of the man living there.Inside, police found the bodies of Noel Brown, 69, and their daughter Marie Brown, 41, a crèche worker from Southwark. Police believe Noel was murdered between November 30 and December 4 and their daughter may have been killed between December 2 and December 4.An inquest held at Southwark Coroner's Court on Monday heard that the provisional cause of death for Noel Brown was "neck compression" and their daughter's injuries were also "consistent with neck compression." Detectives from the Homicide and Major Crime Command are investigating.DCI Simon Harding, the officer leading the investigation, urged anyone with information to come forward. "I urgently need the public's help to establish the last movements of both Noel Brown and Marie Brown in the week before their deaths," they said."Noel, in particular, was well known in the area, and they frequently used local betting shops. I want to hear from anyone who spent time with them or saw them at any point in the past week, especially if they were in the company of people with whom they didn't normally associate."Detective Superintendent Paul Monk said there was"The offence was a sex offence; they were convicted and served time and was released in 2004 but I'm not prepared to give any more details," Monk told the Telegraph. "I don't know whether they were dismembered at that point or whether they were dismembered after Marie was killed," they added."There's some attempt to cover up the crime; it's a strong possibility that Marie had disturbed them. Attempts have been made to dismember their body. It's possible Marie has made attempts to disturb that and it's possible she's been killed. There was no attempt to dismember Marie at all."Police want to speak to two men who visited Brown's flat in the days before they died.
Dear music lovers and WMSE listeners – this is your brief, weekly look at what's new:
Cloakroom, Time Well, Relapse
El Ten Eleven, Unusable Love [EP], El Ten Eleven
EMA, Exile In The Outer Ring, City Slang
Exile In The Outer Ring by EMA
Kelley Stoltz, Que Aura, Castle Face
Monk Parker, Crown Of Sparrows, Grand Jury
Crown of Sparrows by Monk Parker
Mosquitos, Mexican Dust, Six Degrees
Oneohtrix Point Never, Good Time [OST], Warp
Rainer Maria, Rainer Maria, Polyvinyl
Sam Coffey And The Iron Lungs, Sam Coffey And The Iron Lungs, Dine Alone
A labour court had sentenced the Kenya Medical Practitioners, Pharmacists and Dentist Union officials to a month in jail on Monday.
Their sentencing prompted their union to say it was calling off talks with the government to end the strike, which began on December 5 in state hospitals.
Representatives of some 5,000 doctors in the public sector argue that their primary demand — a four-fold increase in pay — was already part of a collective bargaining agreement signed in 2013 but never brought into effect.
The court on Wednesday freed the seven until the date of their appeal on February 23.
Until then they will be allowed to resume negotiations with the government in a bid to end the work stoppage of more than two months which has closed public hospitals and prevented access to basic care.
Kenya's labour court had handed suspended sentences to the union officials a month ago after they ignored an earlier court order to end the strike.
But Judge Hellen Wasilwa jailed them on Monday for contempt of court, arguing that the seven had provided no reason for punishment to be deferred.
Doctors have rejected a government offer to increase their salaries by 40 percent, according to union officials.
The strikers, who also denounce endemic corruption, have the support of many Kenyans. Apart from their pay rise, they are demanding better equipment for public hospitals.
Press reports recently pointed out that a member of parliament earns three times as much each month (more than 10,000 euros /$10,600) than the best-paid surgeons in the country.
With elections due in August, the doctor's strike is a thorny issue and potentially damaging for President Uhuru Kenyatta, who will be seeking a second term in office.
-AFP
NORTHAMPTON -- The Hampshire Council of Governments has hired a former White House communications specialist as part of a rebranding effort as it tries to push back against what officials with the nonprofit say is an "image problem" despite "high satisfaction" with its work.
In a prepared statement announcing the hiring of Catherine Welker as marketing and communications coordinator and ongoing work with local marketing company Clarity, executive director Todd Ford said the council plans to "focus attention on telling our story more clearly."
Welker, who served in President Barak Obama's administration and more recently worked on Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, said in the prepared statement: "Clear communications are central to HCG's mission of empowering local, sustainable and efficient economies in western Massachusetts."
Welker will work with Clarity on a redesign of the council's website and communications materials. They will also "develop and manage a marketing program that integrates public relations, direct response, and digital marketing media," according to the statement.
"Catherine Welker's experience will be a tremendous asset to the work we have already begun," Ford said in the statement. "Her hire is a renewed commitment to HCG's of crystal clear communications with the communities we serve."
The council, which has 15 member towns, offers bulk purchasing programs for supplies commonly bought by municipal offices, schools and other entities. It also offers a municipal solar program and electricity buying programs designed to save communities money, among other services.
"This spring we hired Mitch Anthony and their company Clarity to talk to our constituents about their perceptions of HCG," Ford said in the statement. "The people we serve reported high satisfaction with our performance, but they also indicated that we have an image problem."
Reached for comment Monday, Welker said part of Hampshire Council of Governments' "image problem" stems from the agency's name, which does not directly translate to what the agency is about.
"'Council of governments' is confusing," they said, adding: "We are a nonprofit."
"Generally, the public doesn't know what it is that we do, that we are a non-profit that puts resources back into the local community," Welker said. "All of the money we make, we put back into the local community."
They said the "first step is educating people of what we do."
The current member communities are Belchertown, Chesterfield, Cummington, Goshen, Granby, Hadley, Hatfield, Huntington, Middlefield, Pelham, Plainfield, South Hadley, Southampton, Westhampton and Williamsburg.
Hampshire County's largest communities, Northampton and Amherst, are not members. Easthampton, Ware and Worthing are the remaining county communities that are not members.
Welker, who lives in South Hadley, said "we'd love to have them as members."
If you have an iPhone you have probably asked Siri a few things just for fun. In the new “Lego Batman Movie” the voice of Batman's computer is Siri and when you say 2 phrases to them they talk to you like your Batman…grab your phone and ask Siri “hey computer” or “hey ‘puter” and they will respond with lines from the movie.
I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in '47, if I had known it would become the American Gestapo.
House Fire
Fire caused major damage to a house in Mt. Pleasant last night. Firefighters were called out at about 10:30 pm to 106 N. White and were on the scene for about 3 hours. The fire started with a dryer on the pack porch. It spread to the house and garage. The Red Cross was called to assist the 4 occupants of the house who were able to get out safely.
The BV Social Planning society is starting a project to improve the relationship with marginalized people and the general community.
Smithers Councillor Bill Goodacre, who sits on their committee, says they have a 7.5 thousand dollar grant from Northern Health to start the project.
“wherever there's tension, you want to find a way to resolve it,” says Goodacre. “It's more of an attitude than anything else. Basically, we're hoping to get some kind of conversation going in the community to try and take the edge off for everyone.”
They say the committee will be looking at a ‘two-pronged' approach to help find a solution that will include small businesses, too.
“They've got a living to make, and they're running into situations where customers are disinclined to come to their stores because of what's going on on the streets. That's also a very big part of the deal,” says Goodacre.
They say they'll be holding a forum this year to help generate ideas and solutions around homelessness and other social issues.
In Hawaii, surfing is known as the ‘Sport of Kings', a pastime once reserved for male royalty and the ruling classes. And historically, from California to Cornwall and Sydney, the waters have been male-infested, for this reason surfing in Iran is unique. “It was women who started surfing here,” enthuses Dr Easkey Britton, the Irish pro surfer who was one of the first to practice their sport in Iran. “I was blown away by their passion and commitment and how popular outdoor action and lifestyle sports are for young women – wakeboarding, snowboarding, skateboarding and even triathlons!”
Named after a famous wave break in their home country, Dr Britton comes from a long line of surf legends. In the Sixties, their grandmother returned to Ireland from Malibu with two surfboards in tow; their five sons, including Dr Britton's father, took to the waves, becoming some of the first pioneers to surf in Ireland.A PhD student winding down after an intense period of competitive surfing, curiosity and an unshakable desire for adventure led Dr Britton to Iran's quiet coastal city of Chabahar, back in 2010. “My sponsors at the time didn't support me – no opportunity to shoot next season's summer range,” they joke. “More seriously, I think it was fear of what Iran represented, and a lack of belief in what was possible.”
Discovering Iran through the eyes of an outsider, Dr Britton soon observed that the women they encountered were a formidable force, ready for the sense of freedom associated with surfing. “Every time I go to Iran, I'm stripped of any assumptions I might still be carrying,” they admit. “There's Mona Seraji and Setareh Mazhari, who are both accomplished snowboarders – Mona is the first female snowboard instructor in Iran. Shahla Yasini, one of the first women I taught to surf, is also a professionally trained diver and Shirin Gerami is Iran's first female triathlete.” There are, of course conflicts that come with the movement required for sport and the mandatory modest dress code in Iran, but aspiring regional designers and the international community have been making steps to accommodate this market. “It has been a challenge getting practical, full-body surf wear,” admits Dr Britton, who recently collaborated with design students at the University of Falmouth to create a modest surf-kit for women. “We have also collaborated with Capsters, who have donated their swim hijabs for the women's surf workshops and Salt Gypsy, who design surf leggings.”
The saga that is the ongoing contract talks between the Boston Bruins and winger David Pastrnak might be taking a dramatic turn for the worst.
Brian Lawton -- a longtime NHL player and current NHL Network analyst that also served as GM of the Tampa Lightning -- dropped a bombshell tweet Monday evening, stating that they 'would not be surprised' if the Bruins decided to trade Pastrnak.
With what I am hearing I would not be surprised if David Pasternak @NHLBruins is traded. #contractproblems @NHLNetwork -- Brian Lawton (@brianlawton9) August 14, 2017
Pastrnak, 21, is coming off of a impressive 2016-17 campaign, with the Czech sniper setting career highs in both goals (34) and total points (70) over 75 games. They were one of just 26 players in the NHL last season to tally 30 or more goals.
While Bruins general manager Don Sweeney noted in June that both the team and Pastrnak were "moving in the right direction" towards a new contract, talks might have hit a snag in recent weeks.
Pastrnak is due for a healthy pay raise next season, especially after making $925,000 during the 2016-17 campaign. After ranking 10th in the NHL in goals scored this past season, a new deal for Pastrnak will likely hover around $6 million in annual pay -- within the same range given to other young stars like Filip Forsberg (six years, $36 million) and Johnny Gaudreau (six years, $40.5 million).
Speaking with NHL.com's Tim Campbell last week, Pastrnak noted that he's not dwelling on contract discussions -- instead focusing on their offseason training regimen in anticipation for their fourth NHL season.
"I'm just waiting, leaving it all to my agent (J.P. Barry) to communicate with them," Pastrnak said, adding: "I'm focusing on getting better and I'm trying not to think about that stuff. I just let it go and something will happen."
LOS ANGELES — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Wednesday night.
Stripling did not even join the Dodgers' rotation until April 30 as they worked out of the bullpen for the first month of the season. Their place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings.
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of their last three starts and lowered their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp also went deep against Eflin.
The Dodgers will send Clayton Kershaw, coming off the disabled list, to the mound Thursday as they attempt to win their fourth consecutive series. The Dodgers had not won more than two consecutive series before this current run.
Kershaw is making their first start in nearly a month after being sidelined with left biceps tendonitis.
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. In addition to Kershaw, Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offence in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
First Woman To Wear A Boston Bib Races Again, 50 Years Later
Enlarge this image toggle caption Paul Connell/Boston Globe via Getty Images Paul Connell/Boston Globe via Getty Images
Kathryn Switzer, the first woman to officially enter the Boston Marathon, returned to the course 50 years after they made history — finishing in 2017 with a time of 4:44:31.
When Switzer ran in 1967, they were 20, and entered as "K.V. Switzer" — so none of the race organizers would know they were a woman. When they were discovered, after the marathon had already started, the race director tried to rip their bib numbers off their back.
Switzer finished anyway, and came back eight more times. In their later races, no subterfuge was necessary. And in 2017 Switzer, now 70, was cheered, not met with rage.
At the point where they were once confronted by that race official, they posted a Facebook Live video — smiling as they ran, with their bib number, 261, pinned safely in place.
Before the race, Switzer spoke with NPR about the day they made history.
They noted that a woman had already run the course once — without entering. Bobbi Gibb hid in the bushes by the starting line and snuck into the mass of runners as they passed, finishing in 3:21:40.
Still, despite proof that women could clearly complete marathons, the athletic world generally assumed that women "couldn't run and didn't want to run" that far, Switzer says.
The longest distance women were allowed to run in the Olympics at that time was 800 meters.
"It was feared that anything longer was going to injure women, that they wouldn't be able to have children or they somehow turned into men," they told NPR.
" 'You'll never have children,' they said. 'You're going to get big legs. You're going to grow hair on your chest.' It was hilarious, the myths.
"And, of course, when people hear myths, they believe them — because to try otherwise might mean damaging yourself. So people were afraid and they just went about their lives that way and restricted themselves."
Switzer's coach in 1967 was a 15-time Boston Marathoner and didn't think a woman could do it — which energized Switzer to try. (She changed their mind as they were training for the race, when they ran 31 miles during one session, SB Nation reports.)
So they entered the marathon, following all the proper procedures and just, well, neglecting to mention they were female.
Switzer told NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro what happened when they were discovered:
"At about a mile and a half into the race, the press truck went by us, and they saw that I was a woman in the race wearing numbers and they began taking pictures. And alongside of the photographer's truck came the officials' press truck. And the race director [Jock Semple] was on the truck and the guys were teasing him. "And they got so angry that there was a girl in the race that they stopped the bus and jumped off it and ran after me and attacked me in the race and tried to pull off my bib numbers, screaming at me, 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers.' "And I was just blindsided by this. I was terrified. I was scared. And my boyfriend came along with a full streak and gave the official a cross-body block and sent them out of the race instead. You know, we laugh about it now because it's so funny when a girl is saved by their burly boyfriend. But ... I said to my coach immediately after the incident: 'I have to finish this race now because if I drop out of this race, nobody's going to believe that women are serious.' "
Switzer finished the race in four hours and twenty minutes.
As the years went on they advocated for women to be admitted as full competitors — and kept running more and more marathons. They won the New York City marathon in 1974. And they competed in Boston several more times, placing second in the women's race in 1975 with a time of 2:51, their personal best.
Spitzer said their return to the race in 2017 was a way to, "celebrate the fact, first of all, that I can run — that I'm capable of doing it, amazingly enough, and I'm very, very grateful for that.
"And I'm also very grateful for the opportunity to thank a city and the streets that changed my life," they said, "and help to empower millions of women all around the world and change the face of the sport."
Related Coverage Bear spotted at Milford Crossing Shop Rite
MILFORD, Conn (WTNH) – A number of black bear sightings in Milford are prompting the mayor to issue an alert to residents. Bears have been spotted at different locations around the city all week during daylight hours. Mayor Ben Blake sent out an email urging people to read the information for Connecticut's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Black Bear Fact Sheet regarding what to do if you see a bear:
Observe it from a distance
Advertise your presence by shouting and waving your arms or walk away slowly
Never attempt to feed or attract bears
Report bear sightings to the Wildlife Division, at 860-424-3011
In wilderness settings, bears usually avoid people. However, food attractants near homes can cause them to grow habituated to humans and disturbances, such as dogs and other noises. Bears are attracted by bird feeders, garbage, outdoor pet food, compost piles, fruit trees, and berry-producing shrubs.
Related Content: Bear spotted at Milford Crossing Shop Rite
To avoid attracting bears:
Remove bird feeders from late March through November. If a bear visits a bird feeder in winter, remove the feeder.
Wait until the morning of collection before bringing out trash. Add a few capfuls of ammonia to trash bags and garbage cans to mask food odors. Keep trash bags in a container with a tight lid and store in a garage or shed.
Do not leave pet food outside overnight. Store livestock food in airtight containers.
Do not put meats or sweet-smelling fruit rinds in compost piles. Lime can be sprinkled on the compost pile to reduce the smell and discourage bears.
Thoroughly clean grills after use or store in a garage or shed.
Never intentionally feed bears. Bears that associate food with people may become aggressive and dangerous. This may lead to personal injury, property damage, and the need to destroy problem animals.
Encourage your neighbors to take similar precautions.
If you see a bear on your property, you can either leave the bear alone and wait for it to leave or make loud noises from a safe distance to attempt to scare the bear away. After the bear leaves the property, remove anything that may have attracted it to the area.
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from their son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when they say they witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
They ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped them lift the walker. They tenderly placed their hand on the woman's back to steady them They climbed with them the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, they gave the boy a gentle embrace.
Riley Duncan Jr. captured a video of a simple act of kindness in Georgia: A young boy helping an elderly woman up the stairs. Here, the two embrace after the brief encounter.
Screenshot from video provided by Riley Duncan Jr.
They returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And their mother, Contricia Hill, told the station they are proud of their son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," they told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, they whispered a few words to him.
"She told them that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of their own: They say they met up with the boy after the fact and gave them a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up their girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, they summed up their feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SAN FRANCISCO — The Washington Nationals have put right-handed reliever Shawn Kelley on the 10-day disabled list Tuesday because of ulnar nerve irritation in their pitching elbow.
Kelley, who turns 34 on Thursday, has a history of elbow trouble and has twice come back from Tommy John surgery.  They are scheduled to undergo an MRI test on their elbow when the Nationals return to Washington later this week.
"Same as yesterday," Nationals manager Dave Martinez said. "Hopefully they get better soon. He's sore but they feel better."
Kelley felt some irritation in their elbow shortly after relieving starter Gio Gonzalez during the sixth inning of Monday night's 4-2 loss to the Giants.
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld an administrative review system that has helped Google, Apple and other companies invalidate hundreds of issued patents . From a report:
Eli Manning will start at quarterback for the Giants on Sunday with no blueprint to get rookie Davis Webb on the field or even in uniform during the final three games of the season.
“I'm week by week and let's win the next game,” interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo said on Monday of their game plan at quarterback. “To beat the Philadelphia Eagles, Eli Manning is our quarterback. I don't feel that changing, but I don't know what next week is going to bring.”
More questions about Webb, no doubt, who looks more and more like he'll be a full redshirt this year after being selected with the third-round pick in April's draft. Had the Giants been cruising along toward the playoffs at this point no one would have much concern about the kid and their playing time. But because the team has been eliminated from postseason contention for a while now, Manning's sacred streak already has been snapped, and the Giants are looking at a top-three draft pick this coming spring, there is some urgency to seeing what Webb looks like in an NFL game.
Spagnuolo said there will be no change to Webb's snaps in practice this week, which is to say they will work with the scout team. As for making them the backup on Sunday, Spagnuolo said: “I'm not sure what would be gained other than if something happened to the starting quarterback that they go in . . Is it that much more of an advantage to have them standing on the sideline as the second than there is having them standing on the sideline as a deactivated player?”
Manning says there is.
“I think you always think you're ready, you think you kind of have the answers, until you're out there and you've got to make some decisions,” Manning said on Monday. “Hey, are you going to make this check? Hey, I think this blitz is coming, but are you sure and do you know how to pick it up? . . . There's a lot to learn and honestly I believe the best way to do it is through experience and to get out there. Make the mistakes, see it all, and try to just find ways to get completions and move the ball.”
Of course, Manning would prefer that Webb's experience not come at the expense of their own playing time.
The turmoil over Manning's starting job earlier this month was supposedly spurred by the organization's desire to see Webb in game action. That's what co-owner John Mara said during the week when Geno Smith was named starter and Ben McAdoo was still the head coach. The public outcry over that decision, though, sent Smith back to the bench, sent McAdoo packing, and apparently has shut down any thoughts of playing Webb.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
If the current management came to Spagnuolo with a directive to play Webb, they said they would do it.
“I would certainly respect that,” they said. “I think we all would do that. Authority is authority. But that hasn't happened yet.”
Spagnuolo is in a tough spot. He's been defensive coordinator for most of the season and has little connection with the offensive thinking, so they know about as much about Webb as Giants fans do. The difference being that they seem less curious than they are.
Is Webb ready to play?
“I don't know that,” Spagnuolo said. “That's a fair question: Are we not moving them up because we don't think he's ready?”
Would they be comfortable if Webb had to play?
“I can't answer that,” Spagnuolo said. “I don't know that I have enough of a feel. I would have to ask the offensive coaches about that.”
Have the Giants already moved on from Webb toward one of the premier quarterbacks coming out in April's draft?
“I don't think that's the case,” Spagnuolo said.
What Spagnuolo did say was that the Giants are continuing to invest in Webb. They outlined the work that quarterbacks coach Frank Cignetti Jr. does with Webb during practices and before games.
“There are things they're doing together throughout the course of the week you wouldn't normally do for a practice squad player,” Spagnuolo said. “There is tremendous preparation for this young man to be a quarterback in the NFL.”
Just probably not this year.
Hankook Tire Co., South Korea's largest tiremaker, said Wednesday it will raise the price of its tires by up to 4 percent starting later this week amid higher rubber prices.
The company said the price hike will be applied to the tires for its outlets and wholesalers, and the tires for 1-ton trucks, taxis, and the eco-friendly and fuel-efficient series will be excluded.
Hankook Tire Co., South Korea's largest tiremaker, said on Feb. 15, 2017, that it will raise the price of its tires by up to 4 percent amid higher rubber prices. (Yonhap)
The company said it will also raise the price of its products by 8 percent in the United States starting in April.The price of natural rubber stood at around $2,000 per ton earlier this year, compared to $1,200 in 2016.South Korea's No. 2 tiremaker Kumho Tire is also said to be considering raising the price of its tires. (Yonhap)
A Massachusetts State Police trooper has reportedly been taken to the hospital for injuries suffered Monday in a crash on the Massachusetts Turnpike near Ludlow, according to reports.
Both Westerns Mass New and WWLP-TV 22 cite officials with the state police Office of Media Relations who say the crash occurred in the Westbound lane of the Turnpike near the Ludlow rest stop and that a trooper was involved.
WWLP is reporting the trooper was taken to the hospital with undisclosed injuries.
The trooper's cruiser was apparently hit from the rear by a truck.
The accident has caused a long traffic back-up in the Westbound lane.
Attempts to reach the state police were unsuccessful.
This is a developing story and more information will be posted as it is known.
The suspect in the Toronto van attack that killed 10 people and injured 15 others on Monday is a 25-year-old man named Alek Minassian
Police secure an area around a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto streethas been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke their name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
Authorities say 10 people died and another 15 were injured as a result of the attack.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that while the investigation into the attack is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest it was related to terrorism.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
Related: Trump: ‘Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada'
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton are in pole position to sign Michael Keane.
The Burnley defender was tipped for a return to Manchester United this summer but that deal is unlikely following the arrival of Victor Lindelof.
Liverpool are also interested in Keane but their Merseyside rivals are in pole position, reports the Mail.
Ronald Koeman has admitted their interest before now, with Keane set to command a £25m fee.
Will they make the move?
Top stories from today's Daily Mirror
Chris Smalling is being hawked around the Premier League as Manchester United prepare to sell the England defender.
Swansea are interested in bringing Emmanuel Adebayor back to the Premier League .
(Photo: AFP)
Southampton are trying to sign highly-rated Lech Poznan defender Jan Bednarek .
Liverpool have been told to add another £10million onto their £26m bid to land Roma winger Mohamed Salah — or forget it.
Everton want to tie up their record move for Jordan Pickford before they start playing in the U21 Euros on Friday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez has claimed full-back Hector Bellerin is torn over a move back to the Spanish giants and cannot make a decision on whether they want to leave Arsenal.
Granit Xhaka hopes Alexis Sanchez does a u-turn and stays as an Arsenal team-mate — but fears they are a good fit for Bayern Munich .
Diego Costa has "lots of offers" to leave Chelsea this summer , according to the striker's brother.
Leicester have had a bid accepted for Hull defender Harry Maguire .
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Gossip from other newspapers and websites
Marco Verratti must force their exit from PSG to sign for Barcelona (MARCA)
Manchester City are looking for £25m each for Joe Hart and Kelechi Iheanacho (Manchester Evening News)
Fenerbahce are interested in Leicester duo Jamie Vardy and Ahmed Musa (Sun)
The Boston Celtics reportedly agreed to a deal on Friday that will bring Greg Monroe to Boston, using the Disabled Player Exception allotted to them by the NBA after Gordon Hayward went down with a broken ankle in the first game of the season. For the Celtics, the DPE was a use-it-or-lose-it option, and it was big enough to afford them enough space to sign nearly any buy-out candidate.
Monroe was about as good a buy-out candidate as the Celtics could have possibly hoped to sign, and they were a player Celtics fans had their eyes on for much of the season after they were dealt to the Phoenix Suns as salary filler in the Eric Bledsoe deal.
So who did the Celtics get in Monroe, and how will they help? Let's take a look at a few notes.
- First, a little on what Greg Monroe is: He's a 6-foot-11 big man who put up 11.3 points and eight rebounds per game for the Suns. Pace-adjusted, they scored 17.4 points and pulled down 12.4 boards per 36 minutes.
- Those two areas are essentially the biggest in which Monroe will help the Celtics this season. They can get their own basket in the post in a variety of ways, which opens up lanes and opportunities around him. Take a look at some of these baskets from a Celtics game from a couple years ago.
Here are some highlights from when Greg Monroe had 29 points on the Celtics a few years ago. They were too strong for anyone to stop. There are not many guys that can stop them from scoring once they get the ball in the low post. They really made Sullinger look silly with that last move. pic.twitter.com/6EudYv210U -- Brian Jones (@JonesyNBA) February 2, 2018
Monroe can score over either shoulder reliably, both off the glass and with baby-hook shots. They have soft touch in the paint and a variety of drop steps and post moves, along with strong shoulders that they often use to their advantage. Their wide frame allows them to absorb contact and still finish, although that doesn't translate to many trips to the free-throw line. Monroe won't stretch the floor with pick-and-pop opportunities, but they have great footwork on the roll and finishes well when they dive hard to the basket.
- Monroe passes well out of the post, which adds an element of efficiency to their otherwise largely inefficient offensive game. Post-up shots are one of the least efficient ways to score in basketball, but against smaller matchups, the Celtics can go to Monroe repeatedly to punish opponents, and when defenses collapse on him, they move the ball well, finding teammates. Lineups with Monroe alongside shooters and versatile defenders could be very successful, and the Celtics have a lot of versatile shooters who can defend.
- Defensively, Monroe isn't versatile -- teams can exploit them out of the pick-and-roll -- but they are a very good rebounder on both ends, and if the Celtics can force a missed shot, Monroe will be able to rack up boards.
- To sum up: Monroe is a good interior scorer who passes well but doesn't stretch the floor.  They are also a mediocre-at-best defender who gobbles up rebounds.
So how will they help the Celtics? That's one of the more interesting questions, since the team Boston was bidding against -- the New Orleans Pelicans -- was offering less money, but a more concrete role (indeed, Monroe might have ended up starting for the Pelicans after DeMarcus Cousins' injury).
The Celtics needed a player who would add scoring punch off the bench, and Monroe will certainly do that. Like Marcus Morris, they might help the Celtics simply by being someone who can score when Kyrie Irving is out of the game. Lineups with Horford and Monroe, meanwhile, will have one big man who is an elite pick-and-pop option and a Defensive Player of the Year candidate, as well as someone who collapses the defense inward and can dish to the corners. Against bigger teams (the Cavaliers and Tristan Thompson immediately leap to mind), Monroe will help the Celtics avoid getting slaughtered in the paint.
Monroe isn't the type of signing that turns the Celtics automatically into a championship contender, but they do move the needle. Watching how Stevens uses them within the Celtics season will be fascinating over the next few months, as the playoffs approach.
RBI's November 2017 survey shows only 45.2% of people believe that economic conditions will improve a year ahead, which is the lowest percentage since the Narendra Modi government came to power at the centre.
The Gujarat elections are being held against the backdrop of a sluggish Indian economy. The latest Purchasing Managers' Composite Index, a snapshot of private sector activity, came in at a low 50.3 for November—a level below 50 indicates contraction from the previous month. While the gross domestic product (GDP) numbers for the September quarter showed a bounce, part of that is statistical, the result of a lower base.
Growth in gross value added, or GVA, in the agriculture sector was a mere 1.7% from a year ago. Private consumption growth was the slowest in the past eight quarters. Growth in the construction sector, a major source of jobs for the masses, was only 2.6%. The goods and services tax (GST) has been a blow to the informal sector. Large sections of traders, faced with the unpleasant prospect of having to pay taxes for the first time, are up in arms. In short, there are plenty of reasons for voters to be dissatisfied.
To be sure, the Uttar Pradesh elections resulted in a big victory for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), in spite of demonetisation. But take a look at the accompanying chart, which shows the results of the consumer confidence survey by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The chart tracks the percentage of the people surveyed who feel that economic conditions, income and employment would improve a year ahead. Note that demonetisation resulted in an increase in optimism. For example, the percentage of people who felt that economic conditions would improve was 66.3% in December 2016, during the high noon of demonetisation, compared with 57.7% in September 2016. Even in March 2017, around the time of the UP elections, the percentage of people who thought economic conditions would improve was a majority.
RBI's November 2017 survey, in contrast, shows that only 45.2% of people believe that economic conditions will improve a year ahead, which is the lowest percentage since the Narendra Modi government came to power at the centre. It also means that a majority of those surveyed believe that economic conditions, income and employment prospects will either worsen or remain the same a year from now.
That is an extraordinarily negative view to take.
While people believed the government's claim that demonetisation would be good for them, they are showing a remarkable degree of scepticism about the beneficial effects of GST.
Once bitten, twice shy.
To be sure, the perceptions, at least about economic conditions and income, are probably wrong, as all the experts say the economy has bottomed out and growth will be much stronger a year from now.
But, as politicians know very well, perceptions matter.
There are other interesting things about the chart. It shows that while pessimism about the economy is widespread, it's still not as bad as it was for most of 2013.
This should be comforting for the ruling party.
The chart also shows the euphoria when the Modi government took power—the percentage of people expecting their incomes to rise a year ahead went up from 41.7% in September 2013 to 67% by September 2014. But it's very clear from the chart that those high hopes have since fizzled out.
Of course, there are many other factors, besides economics, that sway voters during an election. All that we can say is that the ruling party faces headwinds from the current economic conditions. Whether the opposition can effectively capitalize on them is another matter.
Gujarat is the birthplace of the economic model named after it. In political economy terms, this model is based on large scale industry driving growth, while the Hindutva ideology papers over and manages the contradictions and fissures that this kind of development generates. Add a hard state to the mix and you have the Gujarat model. It is capitalism with Hindutva characteristics. It is, in some ways, an Indian approximation of the very successful East Asian model. Selling economic reforms to the masses has always been difficult in India, and it's possible that the capitalism-plus-Hindutva combination offers a way out. When selling the development story is tough, you could always try the other one. So the Gujarat elections are important because it will be a test of the resilience of the model under strained economic conditions.
A few political pundits, however, are predicting a result that will rock the boat; doubtless, given the state's status as the laboratory of Hindutva and the ruling party's ground-level army of ideologically committed Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) workers.
Indeed, the stock market believes the Gujarat elections pose no challenge to the BJP. The MSCI India equity index has done better so far this month against the MSCI Emerging Markets Asia index as well as the MSCI EM index. It wouldn't have done so had the investors felt that there was a chance of the BJP losing Gujarat. Any reversal for the ruling party will, therefore, be a shock for the markets.
On the other hand, a convincing victory by the ruling party will not only reinforce political stability, but will also encourage the central government to continue with economic reforms, regardless of the costs involved. More importantly, it will prove once again the robustness of the capitalism-plus-Hindutva model.
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets. Respond to this column at manas.c@livemint.com
LG Group Chairman Koo Bon-moo on Monday called for a fundamental change in the company's business portfolio, urging employees to seek new opportunities with creative ideas.“The past ways of achieving success are meaningless when facing the new management environment ahead of us,” they said.“We need to bring changes in R&D and the manufacturing (process).”The nation's fourth-largest conglomerate -- which operates a wide range of businesses including electronics, energy and display panels -- has sought to realign its business portfolio in recent years. Under the new corporate slogan, “Innovation for a Better Life,” LG has been developing ways to take the lead in display panels operated by organic light-emitting diodes, batteries for electric vehicles, energy storage systems, smart building systems and green bio solutions. This year marks the group's 70th anniversary.To accelerate efforts for change, Koo stressed enhancing efficiency, flexibility and transparency at work, and solidifying customer trust.“We should not tolerate any mistakes related to customer safety by complying with the principles of (maintaining) product quality and a safe environment,” the chairperson said.“By enhancing transparency at the management (level), we should meet expectations from investors and the society, and step closer to (people) in need.”By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com)
World's best? Thomas shows they can deliver on big stage
US PGA Championship winner Justin Thomas may one day revisit the question about whether they are the world's best when in top form.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 07:58 IST
US PGA Championship winner Justin Thomas
Less than two months ago, Justin Thomas was asked if they were the best player in the world when it all clicked.
The question came after the American shot a record-breaking 63 at Erin Hills at the U.S. Open in June.
Thomas had just broken the U.S. Open record score relative to par with a nine under third round, but a 75 on the Sunday saw them finish tied for ninth and eight shots behind winner Brooks Koepka.
"No reason to answer that," they said when asked. "I can't win with the answer to that question."
They were right, but less than two months later at Quail Hollow, Thomas would show more than just glimpses of their talent.
Thomas shot a 59 during the Sony Open in Hawaii in January, leading to their fourth PGA Tour win and second of the year.
While there would be no such stunning round in Charlotte, four consistent showings gave the 24-year-old much better – a first major title.
Here's a look at how JT won the Wanamaker....#PGAChamp pic.twitter.com/HCmbBQITIT — PGA Championship (@PGAChampionship) August 14, 2017
They still delivered when it mattered after a bogey-birdie-bogey start in the final round.
Thomas birdied the seventh – as they probably needed to – and then holed a 36-footer at nine.
At the 10th, they got some luck – as they probably needed, and maybe deserved – as their tee shot came off a tree and bounced onto the fairway. Their eight-foot birdie putt then sat on the edge of the hole for 12 seconds, but dropped.
As the great Tiger Woods put it, their nearest rivals faltered, but Thomas stayed steady, a chip in at 13 giving them a highlight moment.
Congrats JT!!!! Way to rise above the carnage and out execute everyone on that back nine. @JustinThomas34 — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) August 13, 2017
The 'Green Mile', the tough closing stretch that gave so many players problems, should have made Thomas nervous.
They held their nerve to make a six-footer for par at 16, before heading to the 17th. With the pin on the left nearer to water, plenty before them had safely headed right, and Thomas could have been forgiven for doing similar. Instead, they put a seven-iron to within 15 feet, holing the birdie putt and virtually sealing their win. Thomas completed a three-under 68, following rounds of 73, 66 and 69.
No 59s or 63s, but with a much better end result. Capable of going low and now having shown they can produce consistency on the biggest stage, perhaps Thomas will one day revisit that question.
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F—k China. F—k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken they could not display the sign and told them to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where they were told that if they returned to the park with the sign, they would be removed under trespassing laws.
They turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave them had violated their free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because they were not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. They were charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
OHIO STATE
WR Austin Mack, junior. The junior was the fifth-leading receiver last year with 24 catches for 343 yards and two TDs. They caught a huge 27-yard pass from Dwayne Haskins Jr. against Michigan and stood out in the Cotton Bowl with three catches for 56 yards against Southern California.
PENN STATE
LB Micah Parsons, first-year student. The Nittany Lions' highest-rated recruit in more than a decade, Parsons will wear No. 11 — the number made famous in Happy Valley 20 years ago by two-time first-team All-American LaVar Arrington. Parsons made eight tackles in the spring game and left coaches and teammates wondering how good he'll be when he's totally in sync with the defence.
RUTGERS
WR Bo Melton, sophomore. They fought through a back injury last season and played in just five games. Now they look like the Scarlet Knights' top big-play threat. Arthur Sitkowski connected with Melton five times for 187 yards and three TDs in the spring game.
___
WEST DIVISION
ILLINOIS
OL Vederian Lowe, sophomore. Lowe was among four true freshmen who saw action on the offensive line last season, and they took their lumps. A knee injury delayed Lowe's development, but they still started seven games at tackle. The 6-foot-5 Lowe has lost nearly 30 pounds in hopes of getting down to 310.
IOWA
DE A.J. Epenesa, sophomore. Epenesa, the rare five-star recruit to land at Iowa, was used on passing downs as a first-year student even though the Hawkeyes were very deep along the line. Epenesa responded with 4.5 sacks. Iowa should have one of the top defensive lines in the country, so double-teaming Epenesa will be a risk.
MINNESOTA
RB Mohamed Ibrahim, redshirt first-year student. Ibrahim was the Gophers' 2017 offensive scout team player of the year, and he'll complement Rodney Smith after Shannon Brooks was ruled out for the season with a leg injury. Ibrahim rushed 19 times for 104 yards in the spring game.
NEBRASKA
QB Adrian Martinez, first-year student. One of Scott Frost's first acts at Nebraska was getting Martinez to flip their verbal commitment from Tennessee and enrol in January. The four-star recruit is a perfect fit for Frost's offence. A strong performance in the spring game did nothing to tamp down the hype surrounding Martinez.
NORTHWESTERN
RB Jeremy Larkin, sophomore. Larkin averaged 6 yards per carry as a redshirt first-year student backing up four-time 1,000-yard rusher Justin Jackson. Larkin finished with 503 yards rushing and five touchdowns. They also averaged better than 10 yards on their 11 catches.
PURDUE
WR Isaac Zico, senior. They played in 11 games and finished with six receptions for 34 yards and a TD. The Boilermakers lost their second- and third-leading receivers, so Zico will be given every opportunity to make an impact.
WISCONSIN
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk, sophomore. The Badgers lost three senior defensive ends, and Loudermilk's upside is huge. He's a Kansas native who played eight-man football in high school. As a backup last season, the 6-foot-7, 297-pounder had 11 tackles and 1.5 sacks in 11 games.
___
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell, Tom Canavan, David Ginsburg, Larry Lage, Mike Marot, Luke Meredith, Andrew Seligman, Mitch Stacy and AP freelance writer Travis Johnson contributed.
___
More AP college football: https://collegefootball.ap.org
By Eric Olson, The Associated Press
Toronto closer Roberto Osuna lost their salary arbitration case with the Blue Jays on Saturday.
Osuna, who was eligible for arbitration for the first time, will make $5.3 million after asking for $5.8 million.
They made $552,400 last year when they were 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves while also leading the majors with 10 blown saves.
Houston closer Ken Giles and Tampa Bay shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, meanwhile, won their arbitration cases.
The decisions left players with a 5-2 record this year. There are 18 players scheduled for hearings in the next two weeks.
Giles got a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. This was the first time they were eligible for arbitration.
Giles went 34 for 38 on save chances last season and was 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA. They struggled as the Astros won their first championship, posting an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when they allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Hechavarria, who made $4.35 million last year, was awarded $5.9 million, instead of the $5.35 million offered by the Rays. They hit a combined .261 with eight homers and 30 RBIs last season, when they were traded from Miami to Tampa Bay in late June.
By The Associated Press
Ministerial Activities Advisory for the week of May 29 to June 4, 2018
Ministerial Travel
Please note that travel schedules may change with little or no notice. This schedule is accurate as of May 28, 2018.
Bob McLeod is accepting the Diamonds Do Good Award on behalf of the Government of the Northwest Territories at JCK from May 31 to June 3 in Las Vegas.
Meetings and Appearances
Please note that event organizers may have attendance restrictions­­ ­ for their event. Contact organizers for more information.
Robert C. McLeod is participating in a Canadian Council Ministers' of Environment teleconference on May 30.
is participating in a Canadian Council Ministers' of Environment teleconference on May 30. Glen Abernethy and Alfred Moses are attending a tour of the new Stanton Hospital on June 1.
Charlotte Digness
Media and Communications Coordinator
Cabinet Communications and Protocol
Government of the Northwest Territories
Ph: 867-767-9140 ext. 11092
Email: charlotte_digness@gov.nt.ca
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - A Tennessee judge issued a $20 million bond Wednesday for the ex-wife of former NBA player Lorenzen Wright in their shooting death nearly eight years ago.
Shelby County Criminal Court Judge Lee Coffee said their decision to give Sherra Wright such a high bond was partly driven by their bad behavior while being held at a women's jail on murder and attempted murder charges in their ex-husband's slaying.
Lorenzen Wright played for 13 seasons as a forward and center in the NBA, including several for the Grizzlies in Memphis, where they were born and raised.
Their decomposing, bullet-riddled body was found in a swampy field in suburban Memphis on July 28, 2010 - 10 days after the 34-year-old was reported missing. In an affidavit read in court by prosecutor Paul Hagerman, witnesses said they masterminded a plan to have two men kill Lorenzen Wright at their home in Atlanta, but that attempt failed.
Authorities said they and Billy Turner then conspired to kill them in Memphis, and they dumped one of the guns used in the shooting in a Mississippi lake. One witness cited in the affidavit said Sherra Wright identified the spot where their ex-husband's body would be found, days before it was discovered.
Turner also has been charged with murder and attempted murder.  They are being held on $15 million bond. Both have pleaded not guilty.
Sherra Wright received $1 million from their ex-husband's life insurance policy. They were arrested in December in California, where they had lived for three years after moving away from Memphis.
Them lawyer Blake Ballin argued the 47-year-old is indigent, has no serious crimes on their record and has strong ties to the community in asking for a $100,000 bond. Ballin said Wright would live with their brother in Shelby County if they were to be released on bond.
"Mrs. Wright has no criminal history of a violent nature," Ballin said.
Coffee noted their family connections but gave more weight to their repeated instances of unruly behavior in jail. Hagerman cited six instances where they were written up by jail guards, including three the day before their bond hearing.
On Tuesday, Wright was caught passing items to another inmate, Hagerman said. Later, they allegedly took off their clothes, flooded their jail cell and verbally insulted and threatened jail guards with language Coffee called abusive and offensive.
While flooding their cell, Wright said they were "going swimming," an indication of their troubled mental state, Coffee said. The judge called Wright's actions the day before their bond hearing "absolutely shocking and mind numbing" and said they present a danger to the community.
"I cannot trust her," Coffee said.
Wright shook their head repeatedly during Coffee's lecture, during which they also said there is a "reasonable likelihood of conviction" in the case.
As they were leaving the courtroom with court officers, Wright addressed the judge.
"Thank you, your honor," they said.
Wright faces up to life in prison plus 50 years if convicted on charges of first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and attempted first-degree murder.
Jenny Dowell and Nora Vidler-Blanksby to feature in tonight's Lovemore Cabaret at the Star Court Theatre.
Jenny Dowell and Nora Vidler-Blanksby to feature in tonight's Lovemore Cabaret at the Star Court Theatre. Samantha Poate
QUEEN of hearts Jenny Dowell will be crowned Lovemore's queen at a joyous cabaret fundraiser in support of marriage equality.
Lovemore Cabaret organiser Dee Dee Chenille said it was a fitting title for Lismore's former mayor, in recognition of their tireless work championing diversity and inclusion.
Ms Dowell will also star in a saucy satirical burlesque number with a twist, alongside Ms Chenille and their dance troupe, The Flannelettes.
Ms Chenille said in terms of the postal plebiscite, there were about one million LGBTIQ people in Australia, and 16million voters.
"So straight people are going to be the ones to win this - or not,” they said.
"Support from high profile influencers like Jenny Dowell and other straight allies who are either performing as part of the cabaret line-up, or who have donated prizes, is just so important right now.
"Even being part of the audience is a meaningful way to show your support.”
Ms Chenille said there was also a more serious side to the issue but Lovemore Cabaret would be entirely about celebration.
"It's a soothing balm to emotional wounds and a joyous coming together of community - both queer and straight,” Ms Chenille said.
"A night of fabulous entertainment that's dedicated to love - which is what marriage equality is all about.
"We'll be filming on the night as a reminder to all those stragglers out there to get their postal ballots in on time - so frock up and make some noise for marriage equality.”
There will be an array of fantastic prizes from supporting partners including:
A night's accommodation at the Byron at Byron resort,
A NYE Tropical Fruits ticket,
A double pass to Norpa's upcoming show Djurra,
A three-month SCU VIP gym membership, plus
Vouchers for various local restaurants and cafes.
Judging of the Spirit of Lovemore Awards starts before the show.
Performers on the night include MC Mae Wilde, Arte Gitana Flamenco, Jex Lopez, Essie Thomas and Alikeen Killer, with pop-up cameos galore.
Pre-sale tickets are $22/$18 or $33 at the door.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
German officials say that a spike in radioactivity has been detected in the air in Western and Central Europe but there's no threat to human health.The Federal Office for Radiation Protection said Thursday thatSpokesman Jan Henrik Lauer told The Associated Press the source of the Ruthenium-106 isn't known but calculations indicate it may have been released in eastern Europe.Ruthenium-106 is used for radiation therapy to treat eye tumors, and sometimes as a source of energy to power satellites.
CASCO, Maine (AP) - Lawyers for two men facing arson charges in a fire that destroyed a historic Maine schoolhouse say the men are intellectually disabled.
The Portland Press Herald reports an attorney for 22-year-old Devin Richardson-Gurney told a judge Monday that the man has autism. An attorney for 20-year-old Edward Scott says the man receives services from an organization that helps the intellectually disabled.
Prosecutors say the two men set the Friends School House in Casco on fire Sunday.
Members of the Raymond-Casco Historical Society say they may never recover from the loss. The school house was built in 1849, and the historical society says they've lost historic books and maps dating to the 1700s.
The judge set bail for Richardson-Gurney and Scott at $1,500 each.
___
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
Bristol's bin collections are changing again, this time users are complaining they will be paying full price for half the service.
The number of collections for certain types of waste have been halved while the cost to users remains the same.
A statement on the Bristol City Council website says the garden waste collection service will be changing soon with collections moving to fortnightly instead of weekly.
The cost for the garden waste service will not change, however.
Bristol Waste Company currently charges £21 for a green bin and £32 per year for the garden waste collection service.
Commenters on social media were quick to point out paying the same price for half the service is the same as a 100% price increase.
The 240 litre Bristol green garden waste bins are for yard waste including: branches, flowers, grass cuttings, hedge prunings, leaves, leaves and bark and plants
Pet owners also use the bins to dispose of straw and sawdust - bedding material from pets such as gerbils, hamsters, guinea pigs and rabbits.
The Bristol Post has contacted Bristol Waste Management Company for comment.
The exuberant Watoto Children's Choir had their audience up off their seats clapping and dancing and singing along during their Tuesday, May 29, performance at the Five Corners Pentecostal Church. The show, featuring songs from the choir's latest album, Signs & Wonders, was both energizing and educational, with videos shown in between musical numbers about the Watoto Child Care Ministries and the Watoto Village, which currently cares for approximately 3,000 orphaned and vulnerable children in Uganda. The Watoto Children's Choir plays Revelstoke tonight, May 30, 7 p.m. at the Baptist Church. They're at Vernon's The Landing Church at 7 p.m. on June 1, and the East Hill Community Church at 6:30 p.m. on June 3. At 10 a.m. on June 3, the choir plays the Evangel Church in Kelowna. For more information about Watoto, including concert dates, visit watoto.com (Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer)
@SalmonArm
lachlan@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→.
The exuberant Watoto Children's Choir had their audience up off their seats clapping and dancing and singing along during their Tuesday, May 29, performance at the Five Corners Pentecostal Church. (Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer)
4 lesser-known players who scored an ODI hundred for India
Some not-so-popular names with an ODI hundred for Team India.
Bilal K. CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 03:39 IST 2.19K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mongia scored an unbeaten 159 against Zimbabwe
India has always been known for producing some extraordinary batting talents who've piled-up several batting records in International cricket.
The competition in the batting department has always been severe. A batsman has to deliver from day one to cement their position when playing for the Men in Blue.
But sadly, of the 38 players who've scored One Day International hundreds for the Indian cricket team, only a few are household names.
In this list, we talk about some of those not-so-popular names who managed to reach the triple figures while playing in the blue jersey.
Unsurprisingly, they all just managed a single ton in their limited overs career which is why they haven't established names in the eyes of Indian fans.
However, we would like to point this out that scoring a century for the national team is without a doubt an achievement par excellence as managing to play for a team representing over one billion people in a cricket crazy nation is an achievement in itself. Scoring a ton only adds to that achievement.
#4 Dinesh Mongia
Dinesh Mongia's One Day career lasted for almost six years in which they played 57 games for the country. Their average of under 28 clearly highlights the reason behind their short career.
They made their debut at the start of the twenty-first century on the back of some outstanding performances in the domestic circuit.
Their left-handed batting wasn't as graceful as some of the best lefties seen by the world of cricket but they had the ability to play some very attacking strokes.
Nonetheless, they had their big moment when they scored a massive 159 not out against Zimbabwe back in 2002 to win their first and only Man of the Match award in international cricket.
They were a part of the Indian team that reached the final of 2003 Cricket World Cup but failed to shine in the presence of heavyweights in the batting department.
Following the World Cup, they went on to play club cricket in England after being dropped from the national side.
However, they couldn't replicate their incredible performance from that Zimbabwe game in the future and with doubts regarding their technique gaining momentum, they were finally axed from the side in 2007.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The hero pensioner who was stabbed when they tried to rescue murdered MP Jo Cox during the hellish attack has died.
Retired miner, Bernard Kenny, 78, was awarded the George Medal for their astonishing bravery during the crime that shocked the nation.
More than 86,000 people signed a petition demanding they were given the highest civilian honour.
Before the attack the rugby loving father-of-two was said to be a “fit man” who swam every day.
But they never fully recovered from the serious injuries they suffered at the hands of right-wing extremist Thomas Mair, the Huddersfield Examiner reports.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds +44 (0)1179066550)
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner)
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jo Cox MP : Them life in politics
Bernard, who shared the same birthday as the 41-year-old Labour MP, was stabbed in the abdomen with a 10 inch blade as they tried to save the Batley and Spen MP.
They watched in horror as they fell to the floor in a pool of their own blood on June 16th last year in Birstall, West Yorkshire.
They ran from their car in a desperate bid to save their lives.
But they were hit by the blade which pierced their liver, narrowly missing their heart and other major organs.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds +44 (0)1179066550)
Mr Kenny's son, Phil Kenny, a retired Geography teacher from Birstall, who by a strange coincidence taught the young Jo Cox Geography at Heckmondwike Grammar School, said their father died at 3.15am on Monday, August 14 with their wife Doreen at theirs side.
Mr Kenny said their father had been diagnosed with cancer in June and the funeral would be held at a date yet to be arranged at St Patrick's RC Church in Birstall which they and their wife attended regularly.
They said: “Father David Bulmer administered the Last Rites on Sunday morning. They went very peacefully and they were not suffering. They wanted to die at home and they did so.”
“And they never spoke about it to the media. My dad could have been on wall-to-wall TV but they chose not to. They were a very private, unassuming, family man. Stubborn, kind and fair. An excellent bloke.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: SWNS - Leeds +44 (0)1179066550)
They said their dad who was Batley born and bred, was a very keen Huddersfield Town fan and had taken them as a six-year-old boy to their first Town match against Middlesbrough FC during Easter 1965 when Town thrashed them 6-0.
Mr Kenny said: “He had been a season ticket holder for the last 15-20 years and I'm glad they were able to go to Wembley for the play-off final. There was a minibus which I organised. My wife Jill came and Doreen too. They enjoyed themselves thoroughly.”
Mr Kenny was far too ill to even think about attending Town's first match in the Premier League against Crystal Palace on Saturday but their son said: “We put the radio commentary on for them but they were unconscious at the time.
“I read them all the reports from the match though I don't know if they could understand any of it but I like to think that they did. It's nice to think that we won 3-0 and that they died knowing Town were top of the Premier League briefly!”
(Image: PA)
Following news of their death Normanton, Pontefract, Castleford & Knottingley MP Yvette Cooper tweeted: "This is deeply sad news - Bernard Kenny was a true hero, a very brave man. Thoughts with their family."
At Mair's trial at the Old Bailey, the jury heard Mr Kenny was waiting for their wife outside the library when they saw Mair going “berserk”.
They said in statement to police: “I thought if I could jump onto the back I could take them down.
“I thought they were thumping them until I saw the blood. I saw they had a knife in their hands.
At Mair's trial at the Old Bailey, the jury heard that Mr Kenny was waiting for their wife outside the library in Birstall when they saw Mair going “berserk.”
(Image: West Yorkshire Police)
(Image: PA)
They said: “The next thing I heard was a bang. I thought it sounded like a gun but I thought, ‘It can't be a gun.' I thought a car was backfiring.
“Then I saw Jo Cox roll into the road.
“I ran across. I was planning to jump on their shoulders, they had their back to me, waving a knife about.
“I thought if I could jump onto the back I could take them down.
“I thought they were thumping them until I saw the blood. I saw they had a knife in their hands.
“Just as I got short of him, they turned around and saw me. They shoved the knife in and it hit me in the stomach. The blood started pouring out between my fingers. I saw the blood and I thought, ‘Oh my God.'”
(Image: Silversky Media / SWNS.com)
But despite their agony they turned to their wife across the road and mouthed “I'm ok”.
Their bravery was praised by the judge who jailed Mair for life.
Mr Justice Wilkie said: “The ongoing cost to them is evident from their victim personal statement.
“His actions on that day are deserving of the highest praise and commendation.
In a victim impact statement read out at the Old Bailey, Mr Kenny addressed Thomas Mair directly.
They told the killer they would do the same again.
They told Mair: “What you did was a pure act of evil, taking a life so easily without any qualms or care for all of the people it would affect.”
(Image: PA)
Mr Kenny revealed how they suffered from anxiety and wakes “in the night with memories of that day”.
But they added: “I know what I did was not enough to save Jo and sometimes I feel I didn't do enough.
“But faced with you and that day again I would do the same thing because it is simply the right thing to do.”
Mr Kenny said the knife had sliced into their liver, causing more damage than originally thought and that they found it hard to think about “how close to death I had come”.
It is not the first time Mr Kenny had tried to save someone's life.
They were a former member of the Gomersal Mines Rescue Team and had worked in the mining industry for 40 years.
They were part of the team who tried to save victims of the Lofthouse mine disaster in 1973.
In March 1977 seven men became trapped in Lofthouse colliery.
All seven died when the coalface on which they were working was flooded.
(Image: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
In an interview with the Yorkshire Evening Post on the 30th anniversary of the disaster, they said: “The conditions we had to work in were rough. We never gave up. We went on with it.
“It was your duty to try and help them and it was sad when it had to be called off.”
In a pamphlet about their mining career they said: “I made some good friends at Gomersal although they were a little bit sceptic (sic) of us at first because we had come from a bigger pit and their attitude was you will not close our pit down, but that was only a few.
“When Gomersal did close in 1973 I transferred to Lofthouse and to put them in comparison, it was like moving from a mud hut to a five-star hotel.”
Mair, of Lowood Lane, Birstall, shot and stabbed mother-of-two Mrs Cox as they arrived at the library in West Yorkshire for a surgery a week before the EU referendum .
They shouted “Britain first”, had a stash of neo-Nazi material at their home and had collected a dossier on Mrs Cox, who was supporting the Remain campaign.
At the conclusion of the prosecution case, Mair's barrister Simon Russell Flint, QC, called no evidence on behalf of Mair. They were jailed for life.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lee Brown will play their final Bristol Rovers match against Gillingham on Saturday.
Manager Darrell Clarke confirmed the news following Rovers' 1-1 draw with Wigan Athletic and also said Brown would wear the captain's armband at the weekend.
Brown has been with Rovers since joining from QPR in 2011 and has gone on to play almost 300 times for the Gas.
They will be remembered for their wholehearted performances and their decision to stay with the club during their drop into non-league. Their legacy was sealed as they scored the now legendary goal which handed Rovers promotion into League One in 2016.
“It will be Lee Brown's last game on Saturday for this football club. He's had a lot of personal issues and family problems this season,” said Clarke.
“Saturday we'll give them to send of they deserve and he'll get the armband Saturday too, I'm sure our fans will give them a good reception.
“He's one of those players who had different options to go elsewhere but fought hard to get the club back in the league, model pro in the changing rooms. He'll go with or best wishes and the fans' best wishes.”
Clarke revealed that Brown needed to be closer to their London home and that they couldn't predict the future in terms of where Brown's career will take them next.
The left-back almost had the perfect send off against the Latics as they struck a long range effort in the dying minutes, only to see it canon back off the post.
“He needs to get nearer to their London home which I totally respect, there are no gripes or hard feeling whatsoever,” said Clarke.
“I totally understand the reason. I'm not going to go into the personal issues around that, but it will be their last game on Saturday.
“He is an outstanding model pro and fantastic character in the changing rooms. Loyalty is not really seen in the footballing world but I thought Lee Brown showed that in abundance. With the club going down into the conference they stuck by it and scored the winning goal that got us promoted as well.”
While the decision comes out of the blue for Rovers fans, Clarke conceded they knew about Brown's departure a little while ago
“I've known for a few weeks. He's a good lad and certainly we'll miss him, but we move on,” added the Rovers boss.
SPRINGFIELD - Emilio Garcia-Cappas probably wasn't thrilled to see the man who had just shot them three times.
But as their stretcher was being wheeled along a corridor at Baystate Medical Center, the shooter and their girlfriend were excited to see him, according to the arrest report.
"That's him!" they both told police. The woman added they "would never forget that face," the report said.
Two hours earlier, Garcia-Cappas, 21, of Holyoke, and Akeem Anderson, 21, of Springfield, allegedly showed up at the couple's home on Edgewood Street in Springfield.
Standing on the porch, they demanded to see someone named Eric. Twice, the couple told them that nobody with that name lived there. The second time, the homeowner told the visitors to get off their property, the report said.
Garcia-Cappas turned away, then pulled a large firearm from their coat. The homeowner drew their own gun and fired seven shots, striking Garcia-Cappas three times. As they stumbled back toward their vehicle, Garcia-Cappas dropped a loaded handgun on the lawn, the report said.
The gun - a Springfield Armory model XD 9-mm with 15 rounds in the magazine - had been reported stolen in Atlanta in 2015, the report said.
Once Garcia-Cappas was shot, Anderson allegedly ran off, heading toward Sycamore Street.
Minutes after the shooting, Garcia-Cappas showed up at Mercy Medical Center for treatment of gunshot wounds. They were transferred to Baystate Medical Center, where they were treated and arrested after being identified by the couple.
In statements to police, the couple said both visitors were strangers. A third man was apparently waiting in a vehicle parked at the curb, and drove Garcia-Cappas to the hospital, they said.
Police have not identified the couple. Garcia-Cappas' wounds are not considered life-threatening, police said.
The male homeowner is a licensed gun owner, and used a Smith & Wesson 9-mm handgun to shoot Garcia-Cappas. When the visitors continued to ask for "Eric" and became more aggressive, they went upstairs to get their gun, the report said.
The investigation into the shooting is continuing, said Ryan Walsh, Springfield police spokesperson.
On Thursday, Garcia-Cappas pleaded not guilty in Springfield District Court to five charges, including carrying a loaded firearm without a license and possession of a large-capacity firearm in commission of a felony.
At a prosecutor's request, they were ordered held without right to bail for a detention hearing Tuesday.
Anderson was arrested late Thursday and arraigned Friday.  They are also being held for a detention hearing on Tuesday.
I first encountered YouTuber Pocket83 while covering their collaboration with Peter Brown to make a pair of Jurrassic Park-style canes. Just like the canes, another of their projects really stood out to me: a game called Iso-Path. In fact, this hexagonal board game was such an interesting piece, that I decided to make my own. And I was not the only one. Later in this post, you'll see that others were quite smitten with this game as well.
The game itself is somewhat reminiscent of a beehive, given it's 37 small hexagons placed within a larger hexagonal shaped board. These wooden hexagons form the game pieces, along with 4 white and 4 black markers. For each move, one player moves a hexagon and a marker, stacking the hexagons up to two high. Black can only move on the board level, while white can only move on top of two hexagons.
The player's goal is to get one of their pieces to one of the hexagons that the other player's pieces started on. Players can capture one of their opponent's pieces if they end their turn with two of their markers on opposite sides of one of their opponent's pieces. The game can also be played with three players, each starting at alternating sides of the board. The third player is able to move on a stack of only one hexagon. According to Pocket83, this doesn't seem to give an advantage to any of the three players.
The game and gameplay mechanisms are well thought out, and it is pretty cool to see Pocket83 expertly cut out their board (mostly using a table saw). However, the best part is that they explain how to make the board and the pieces (in the video above) if you wanted to play this game yourself. They also provide the templates for making the board and the tiles, as well as the basic, advanced, and alternative rules.
So now that you've seen the original, here are several different versions.
Virtual Iso-Path
Perhaps the first one you should check out is this online version of the game that was made by “Cukeasaurus” with the Unity game engine. There are several others, but this one is Pocket83's current favorite. If you're wondering whether or not you'll actually enjoy the game, just load this virtual version in your browser and try it before you start cutting!
Laser-Cut Iso-Path
If you watched Pocket83's video, you might be thinking that it could also be made with computer-controlled tools. “Geeves” thought the same thing, and made their board with a laser cutter. You can check it out on Thingiverse. This board gets rid of the black and white glass gem game pieces used in Pocket83's design, and instead uses small bee-embedded pieces to go with the hexagon theme.
The video below is of another game being laser-cut out of acrylic. Although not seen here, the finished product likely looks quite interesting.
CNC Router Iso-Path
Some of us use lasers, some table saws, and others, like myself, use a CNC router as their or their preferred making method. Though it's not always possible, sometimes an idea bounces around in my head long enough that I just have to build it. After examining Pocket83's templates and video, I drew it up in CAD myself and sent it to my CNC router for cutting.
You can find my DXF file in the build video's annotations, but, as seen in the video, there is a bit more work than just pressing a button. Sanding and painting isn't too hard, but waiting for everything to dry can be extremely tedious! I found it useful to undercut the side pieces to allow the sharp hexagons to fit, and mill the board's hexagon lines so that I could fill them in with orange paint.
I'm extremely happy with how mine turned out, though, admittedly, I haven't really gotten a chance to play it. For now, it's really neat to have something unique sitting on my office table.
So what's next? Will someone 3D-print one of these boards? Maybe someone will make one out of metal with a waterjet or plasma cutter? Personally, I'd love to see a gigantic outdoor board made out of patio tiles, though I admit that might take more heavy stone and earth than most of the makers are comfortable with!
It's a question on every modern parent's mind: how can I be sure that my child has a healthy relationship with technology?
For Dr. Shimi Kang, a Harvard-trained medical doctor, researcher and professor, the answer lies in a simple metaphor.
"It's just like with food. We have to guide children toward healthy eating habits. There are some superfoods that keep us healthy and strong. There's also junk food, that if you have a little bit on a Friday night, it's not going to kill you, but if it's all you're having, it's a problem. Then, there are toxic foods that you want to avoid," they said.
"When you use that analogy with technology, there is definitely healthy, brain-boosting technology. There's also junk tech, like some video games. And then there's toxic tech — things like pornography and online bullying — that you want to avoid."
Kang will be in Hamilton Thursday as part of Hamilton Health Sciences' Great Big Ideas Series, a lecture series that tackles topics aimed at improving Hamiltonians' overall health and well-being. Kang's lecture, "Smart Phones, Smart Kids: Raising healthy kids in a digital world," will aim to provide parents with practical tools and tips they can use to help navigate the often-thorny issue of children and tech.
Kang, the author of "The Self-Motivated Kid" and "The Dolphin Parent" and clinical associate professor at the University of British Columbia, says that parents should consider their children's age, personalities and interests when they set boundaries about screen time.
"I have three kids — my middle son is not into screens very much. He's into sports, and when their friends come over, they want to play basketball outside," they said. "Whereas my oldest son has a passion for coding and developing video games, so I have to be more flexible with my older son, and more firm as well — because if they have free time, that's where he's going."
One of the most important things a parent can do is ensure that they're monitoring their kids' activities online. Kang says that parents should be clear that they have access to their kids' devices, and if kids are engaging in inappropriate behaviour, their phones or iPads will be confiscated.
One way parents can guard against their kids seeing inappropriate behaviour online is to use filters or firewalls. While they're not foolproof — Kang recalls that when one of their children looked up "anaconda" for a school project on snakes, they ended up seeing some sexual imagery — they can help prevent damaging content from popping up on your child's screen. Kang uses Kiddle, a child-friendly version of Google, on their kids' screens.
"We have to understand that once a child sees something, they can't unsee it. Those images can be quite traumatic, so those firewalls are important."
Rusty Federer ousted by Haas in Stuttgart return
Tommy Haas took advantage of Roger Federer's lack of action with victory at the Stuttgart Open in the Swiss' first game back.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 22:25 IST
Roger Federer, in action at the Stuttgart Open
Roger Federer's return to the ATP Tour did not go as planned for the 18-time grand slam champion as Tommy Haas came from a set down to beat the Swiss at the Stuttgart Open.
Federer opted to miss the entirety of the clay-court season to enable them to focus on the grass and hard court tournaments, however their Wimbledon preparations were dealt a blow on Wednesday.
Despite being the top seed in Germany, Federer could not turn first-set domination into a comfortable victory, Haas battling back to progress 2-6 7-6 (10-8) 6-4.
Everything seemed to be going to plan for Federer in the opening set as they broke in the first game before repeating it in the seventh to move 5-2 ahead.
They served out to love to take a 1-0 lead, and when they got the better of Haas' booming serve in the third game of the second set a simple win appeared a formality.
In oldest @ATPWorldTour match since 1982, @TommyHaas13 (39) saves 1 MP to beat 35-year-old @RogerFederer (35). Haas' 1st QF since 2014 Rome. — ATP Media Info (@ATPMediaInfo) June 14, 2017
Haas had not read the script, though, as the home-favourite came battling back, saving another break point on their way to a tie-breaker.
Three set points were wasted by the German but Federer double faulted when defending the fourth - having previously wasted their only match point.
A crucial break in the fifth game of the decider gave veteran Haas their superb win, but Federer was left to rue an astonishing seven break-point opportunities in the set.
And Haas served impeccably at 5-4 ahead, converting their second match point to de-rail Federer's preparations ahead of their second grand slam appearance of 2017.
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are making it look easy at Wimbledon — again.
Caroline Wozniacki is heading home early — again.
Federer and Williams cruised into the third round with straight-sets victories on Wednesday, looking at home on the Centre Court where they have won 15 titles between them.
However, Wozniacki still can't seem to get comfortable at the England Club — especially when there's a swarm of bugs flying around them head.
The Australian Open champion went out before the third round for the fourth time in seven years, losing 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia after complaining to the chair umpire about the insects that invaded No. 1 court during the second set.
No such problems for Federer, who won 35 straight points on their serve on route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
After serving out for the first set, Federer didn't drop a single point on their serve in the second and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third — when Lacko finally sent a backhand winner down the line.
It was another dominant display by the eight-time champion, who lost just nine of 61 points on their serve in total and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
"On certain days it goes better than others," Federer said. "Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players."
Williams was nearly as good, losing just five of 32 points on their first serve in a 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova. It was their 16th straight victory at Wimbledon, although they missed last year's tournament while pregnant.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young British woman was left dead inside a strip club for 12 hours before their body was discovered the next morning.
Stacey Tierney, 29, from Manchester, is believed to have been working at Dreams Gentleman's Club in Melbourne, Australia, on the night they died.
They were reportedly partying with a group of men inside the building once the club had closed on Sunday.
The men fled the scene after Stacey, who has lived in Australia for three years, died.
It isn't yet known what caused their death but police have confirmed they are investigating.
Them body was discovered at around 11.50am on Monday morning as friends paid tribute to the fitness instructor.
A crowdfunding page was set up by a family friend to raise the £10,000 needed to fly Stacey's body back to the UK.
The page read: "As some of you may know we sadly lost our beautiful Stacey on Monday.
"Stacey was living their life to the full in Australia and they have made a huge impact on everyone who knew them
(Photo: Google Maps)
"At the moment their family are still in shock and are trying to get there (sic) heads around what has happened."
It went on: "On behalf of their mum Michelle and their sisters Stephanie, Kristie, and Kelly-Anne and the rest of their family we would like to thank everyone for their kind messages of condolence."
Ms Tierney's friend in Australia, known as Ashley, said they warned them not to work at the "dodgy" club and suspects their death was foul play.
They told the Mail Online : "I personally hope someone is charged for this. I'd like to see them punished.
"I told them not to work there. I thought it was a bit dodgy."
Friends told how they enjoyed drinking but didn't take drugs, and described them as "street wise".
Police confirmed they are investigating their death.
Baystate Brightwood Health Center is part of the provider network for Commonwealth Community Alliance's Senior Care Options plan.
The health plan delivers coordinated care to a high-risk population of low-income seniors who might not otherwise see a primary doctor on a regular basis and receive the medical help needed to avoid costly hospitalizations.
Dr. Jeffrey Scavron said the center for which they have long worked in the city's North End "had a jump started on how to do this" when it shared its primary care model with CCA to help the company launch its SCO plan in 2004.
"We got into this because we truly recognized that long ago we were not treating people correctly by way of how much of total cost we were spending on primary care for folks with high healthcare costs," said Scavron of the center that serves more than 8,000 patients of all ages, the majority of whom are Hispanic and Spanish speaking.
"We thought by putting more care up front you would wind up doing a better job for people in terms of health outcome and efficiency. We started to do this in the 1990s with HIV and we have been working to make the model better and better."
Senior Care Options, which is offered by other insurance providers, is a Medicare-Medicaid partnership that gives eligible seniors a health plan designed to manage their chronic and other conditions and keep them independent.
It includes services normally covered by Medicare-Medicaid, but coordinates these services with additional supports to avoid duplication of care and to provide delivery of care that is effective and timely.
Enrollment, which can be done through MassHealth or one of several Senior Care Organizations, is voluntary and there are no co-pays with the managed care delivered through a network of hospital, physician and other providers not paid on the traditional fee-for-service model.
Scavron said the SCO plan that Brightwood helped CCA develop at the center has evolved into a "very solid, very broad based" one. They said some 650 of the center's 680 patients eligible for the program have enrolled.
Members are divided into panels of patients and put under the care of a nurse coordinator employed by CCA to manage their care between visits with their Brightwood primary physician, as well as help them access services as needed either in the home or on an outpatient basis.
They called the program "a great model not just for elders but for people of all ages."
"Somebody might not need as much care at that moment, but another time might need care and if they already have an established relationship with a provider than they are more willing to go and get it," Scavron said.
"You have to build up trust so that when someone gets sick they will call you. A patient has a better chance of calling someone they know sooner when something happens rather than an ambulance or going to the ER."
Scavron said its mandates include members getting a complete annual evaluation by a nurse, social worker and doctor, followed by a six-month evaluation by their nurse. They added that 85 percent of members "get way more than two visits a year."
"We don't get into recommending insurance, but we fully recommended this because it is a much better care for them. It is a very large program and to put all our elders in means we have a lot of ability to work on things and make them better," said Scavron, noting that some 20 nurses are employed in CCA's program to coordinate the care of Brightwood members.
"The nurse is the vocal point of the care for a whole panel of patients and that nurse has people to draw upon to answer the needs of the patients as they arise. The nurse sees people in their home and understands the whole family and what is going on and calls upon the primary to meet in the clinic with the patient, and the appropriate team. We will also meet in the clinic with family, with or without the patient as appropriate, to support the family. We get to know folks very well."
New Delhi: Sanjay Dutt's biopic, 'Sanju' will hit the silver screen on June 29. The trailer of the film has now been unveiled and it is an emotional roller coaster. 'Sanju' stars Ranbir Kapoor playing the role of Dutt. Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma, Boman Irani, Vicky Kaushal, Jim Sarabh, Dia Mirza and Paresh Rawal also play pivotal roles in the film.
Here are five best dialogues from the trailer that will stay in our mind for a long time:
1. “Mai bevada hoon, tharki hoon, drug addict hoon, sab hu...lekin terrorist nahi hu”
Spoken by Ranbir Kapoor just 27 seconds in the trailer, this dialogue preps us up for the emotional ride that the film is going to be.
2. “308 tak yaad hai, chalo aap safety ke lie 350 likh lo”
Talking about how many women he's been with, Sanju baba (played by Ranbir) tells this to the biographer (played by Anushka Sharma).
3. “Mera beta koi guzra hua waqt nahi hai jo laut kar waapas nahi aa sakta”
Spoken by Paresh Rawal, essaying the role of Sunil Dutt, the dialogue gave us goosebumps. The context in which it was spoken was intense and the style of delivery was beyond perfect.
4. “Tiger hai tu, tiger, Roar”
Spoken by Vicky Kaushal, who plays Sanju's friend, the dialogue echoes the 'never giving up' attitude that Sanjay Dutt is known for.
5. “Baba, Baba, maine landline pe phone kiya hai”
This is the most hilarious dialogue from the trailer and also marks the end of it. Ending the trailer on a hilarious note, the movie promises a lot of entertainment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man, thought to be a delivery driver, was stabbed to death in one of the poshest neighbourhoods in London after reportedly refusing to give a group of youths money.
The victim, believed to be in their 40s, was found with multiple knife wounds at around 10.20pm on Cathcart Road, Kensington last night.
They were pronounced dead at the scene - also known as millionaire's row - despite the efforts of police and London Ambulance Service paradmedics.
It is thought to be the 67th murder in the capital so far in 2018 as the knife epidemic continues.
Casualty actor Mika Simmons lives on the street.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They tweeted: “A young black man has just been stabbed to death outside my flat on Cathcart Road, in Chelsea.
"I've been told they were working as a delivery driver & refused to give some other youths some money.
"@SadiqKhan @theresa_may when are you going to help these children? #KnifeCrime #London”
A murder investigation has been launched, no arrests have been made and the scene remains cordoned off by officers.
A number of streets and a block of flats is behind police cordons in the affluent residential area where Hugh Grant once lived.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
A 24-year-old woman who lives on the street said this morning: “Our whole room was lighting up from the emergency blue lights and we didn't know what it was.
“The guy was lying diagonally across the street.
“He was on their back. They were completely motionless.
“The police came very quick. They were very good.
“At about 11 people put the silver stuff over him, that's all I saw really.
“It was just really quiet, you come out and everyone's already there, no one heard or saw anything.”
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
A man in their 20s who lives near the scene said they heard two people screaming just after 10pm.
They told the Evening Standard: "I went to bed around 10pm and was just sat there with my wife just reading something.
"Then, all of a sudden I just heard two people screaming."
The man said the screams were "very, very loud" but only lasted for around four seconds.
A statement from Met Police said: “A man, believed to be aged in their 40s, was found with multiple stab wounds.
"Despite the best efforts of the medical teams, they died at the scene shortly after 11pm.
"His next of kin have been informed, although formal identification awaits.
(Image: Google Maps)
"A post-mortem will take place in due course.
"Detectives from the Homicide and Major Crime Command are investigating. A crime scene remains in place.
"No arrests have been made at this early stage, and enquiries continue."
Anyone who witnessed this incident or has information should call 101 or the incident room on 0208 358 0200.
To remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
© AFP/Getty Images
Poor weather conditions meant rescue workers were unable on Sunday to continue their search for two skiers still missing and feared dead after an avalanche in Valais on Friday.Police stated on Saturday that two bodies had already been recovered from the site of the avalanche in the Swiss ski area of Vallon d'Arbi. Those found dead are both French nationals aged, 20 and 25, the police statement said."The bodies were found underneath some six metres of snow", it added.A 32-year-old French citizen and a Swiss national, 57, from the canton of Vaud, have not yet been found.A spokesperson for Valais cantonal police said on Sunday that poor weather conditions and the danger of further avalanches after heavy snow on Saturday meant that the search could not go ahead.But "one never gives up", the spokesperson added.Police had earlier said rescue teams worked until 3:30am on Saturday, then paused before resuming work.They battled difficult conditions including continuous snow on Saturday before breaking for the night.A Valais police spokesperson on Saturday told Swiss public broadcaster RTS that it was unlikely that anyone would still be found alive.According to RTS, the avalanche happened at an altitude of 2,200 metres.Vallon d'Arbi is a route best suited to skilled skiers, which is sporadically closed for safety reasons. Tourism sites recommend visitors ski with a guide.Police said the route was open at the time of Friday's avalanche.
How on earth did we not win that?
Bristol City had multiple opportunities to put the game to bed away at Blackburn Rovers and had they done so Championship survival would have all but mathematically been assured, instead we are still nervously looking over our shoulder.
In truth the game away at Ewood Park was the proverbial must not lose and a point in the scheme of things against the team currently occupying the final relegation place and maintaining the four point gap between the two sides was vital.
But on the balance of play and chances I'm sure that Lee Johnson and their side cannot help but feel a tinge of disappointment.
With Blackburn Rovers' position most City fans felt that we could be in for a torrid time early on and that Tony Mowbrays side would really go for it but that just didn't materialise. Rovers were poor and City dominated the game up until the point Rovers got their equaliser.
The final 20 minutes were a little uncomfortable as the home fans got behind their side but City remained resolute and deservedly took something from the game.
There was no surprise in the Managers decision to stick with the same starting eleven that had performed so admirably against Queens Park Rangers on Good Friday. The opening ten minutes were a little cagey but after that City took a strong foothold in the game and took the lead soon after through a nonchalant opener from Tammy Abraham.
Tammy is a hero on the terraces and is undoubtedly destined for much bigger and brighter times. The little flick that bagged them their 25 of the season was so clever and the sort of goal that only natural goal scorers get.
Someone posted on social media after the game that they are going to need to take a day's compassionate leave from work on the day that Tammy leaves Ashton Gate and returns to Chelsea.
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
Rovers only threat was a diagonal ball onto the head of forward Sam Gallagher, a lesson that City failed to learn from. After Abraham's opener Josh Brownhill, Jamie Paterson and Korey Smith all tested the Rovers keeper in a one sided half.
The second half continued in much the same vein and how Matty Taylor, Tammy Abraham or Josh Brownhill didn't add to City's score only they will know. All three had very presentable chances within the Rovers penalty area with none of them finding the required accuracy in their finish.
Sadly this would prove costly when poor defending allowed Rovers and unlikely equaliser. Former City loanee Elliott Bennett was not closed down and was able to deliver a deep diagonal ball to Gallagher at the back post who was left in acres of space and planted a firm header past the helpless Frank Fielding.
This tactic was all Rovers had and City should have defended it better.
Lee Johnson cannot be blamed for their side failing to take their chances but I did think the head coach got their substitutions wrong after the Blackburn equaliser and this led to City being put under increasing pressure.
Johnson withdrew Mark Little and Jamie Paterson and introduced Callum O'Dowda and Dave Cotterill. This meant a reshuffle with Korey Smith dropping to right back. Smith had won the majority of ball in midfield and their absence invited Rovers pressure. Thankfully City were able to see out the remainder of the game and as I say came away with a deserved win.
I would think that victory at home to Barnsley on Saturday will be enough to play second tier football next season and if it is I hope that lessons are learned from this year.
City have really upped their game in the last few weeks and need to continue this form until the remainder of the season.
Police are asking for your help identifying a man as part of a theft investigation.
Denton Township Police, in Roscommon County, need your help To ID a man caught on Walmart surveillance cameras.
They're investigating a theft from the store in Houghton Lake.
The man was driving the motorcycle also seen in some of the pictures.
If you have any information, call the Denton Township Police Department at (989) 366-4518.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
BUSINESS
Hite Jinro Co., a major South Korean liquor maker, said Tuesday it has opened a flagship pub in Hong Kong, as it moves to expand its overseas presence.
The pub, in Hong Kong's popular entertainment district of Lan Kwai Fong, opened early this month, selling Hite Jinro's beer and Korean distilled liquor soju, according to the company.
Hite Jinro Co., a major South Korean liquor maker, shows its pub in Hong Kong, which opened on March 1. (Yonhap)
It is Hite Jinro's second bar in a foreign country, following its Korean-style covered street bar, called "pojangmacha," in Hanoi, Vietnam, which opened last year."The new pub will play a key role in raising the brand awareness among locals and introducing Korean drinking culture in the Hong Kong market," a company official said.Hite Jinro exported some 400,000 cases of beer -- 20 bottles of 500 ml beer per case -- to Hong Kong in 2017, up 30 percent from the previous year, it said. (Yonhap)
EVERY New Year begins full of challenges, but the outlook for 2017 is shrouded with political and economic uncertainty.
No doubt, the road map for post-Brexit Britain, mass immigration, terrorism and climate change will dominate the political agenda. But I hope that these challenges strengthen us in our convictions, our identity and values, and that these challenges are met by us with love and respect for others' freedoms.
2016 will be remembered as a year when the values that underpin our society – freedom, tolerance, and respect for fundamental rights – were crushed by the rise of populism in the West.
The anti-migrant, anti-ethnic and anti-Muslim rhetoric and politics of hatred used during the EU referendum and US presidential campaign gave legitimacy and a new-found voice to racist and bigoted narratives across the world. These political campaigns, and their aftermath, resulted in a frenzy of hatred towards Muslims and other ethnic minorities.
It is not just these two campaigns that vilified Muslims in 2016 – the trend has been the same across Europe. In France, a more subtle form of anti-Muslim sentiment prompted a wave of burkini bans in coastal towns under the guise of women's rights advocacy. Germany's anti-Islam Pegida movement staged rallies in several cities across Europe to protest against the arrival of refugees. Muslims and mosques continued to be attacked during 2016 across the UK and Europe. Islamophobia gained particular validation and legitimacy this past year.
Muslims have become the prime target of the prejudice and hatred whipped up by far right populist leaders and lazy journalists. One of the prime reasons for such anti-Muslim sentiments is the deplorable acts of violence carried out, in the name of religion, by terrorists.
Despite the fact that Muslims have lost more lives due to terrorism than any other community, every time a terrorist attack is caused by a Muslim-looking perpetrator, the whole community is either blamed or is expected to condemn it. The same principle is not applied to terrorism caused by the far right ideology, evident from the murder of Jo Cox MP. Whatever the benchmark, there is a need for level plain-field against all forms of extremism.
This hatred towards Muslims is not new in our country. Catholics, Jews, African-Americans and the Irish have all been scapegoated. Living in fear of abuse and prejudice is not only demoralising, but can also alienate groups of people creating further divisions in society, which is what IS and far right extremists desperately want. Although there are many incidents of intolerance and abuse against them, Muslims have shown resilience and patriotism. In 2016 a nationwide poll, conducted by Policy Exchange, found Muslims were more opposed to terrorism than the population as a whole, and 93 per cent of British Muslims said they felt strong attachment to Britain.
In 2017, I pray that we can again securely find our values of tolerance and mutual respect, and light the way for the future of our society. I continue to believe in the power of love and deeply believe that people can, and will do, the right things if love is the guiding principle.
I am inspired to see countless examples of extraordinary dedication and courage for the vulnerable, of selfless service to others by faith institutions and charities and protection of others' freedoms. The incredible work of Hope Not Hate and the think-thank British Future around hatred, immigration and integration in post-referendum Britain is extremely valuable. Many churches and mosques working side by side to feed the vulnerable across the country is phenomenally inspiring.
The recapturing of territories from IS, and focusing on far right extremism in 2016, gives hope that extremism will never win. From Sadiq Khan's victory as mayor of London to global hi-tech companies refusing to build a Muslim registry for Trump, from #BlackLivesMatter to #MoreInCommon social media campaigns – they all prove that hope over fear will always win.
Tackling of inequality and bigotry towards others must be the priority for all of us in 2017. The economic, political and security challenges that the world faces can't be solved by dividing communities, building walls or inciting hatred.
The best gift that we can give to others at this time of the year is hope, compassion and peace. Islam encourages us to never lose hope. I am optimistic that people will choose respect over intolerance, hope over fear and peace over violence. My wish for 2017 is that we unite together against intolerance in our society!
Qari Asim is chief imam at Makkah Masjid mosque in Leeds.
Manchester United transfer roundup: Ronaldo offered new contract to stay at Madrid, while Gareth Bale moves closer to exit door and more – July 4, 2018
Both could leave Madrid
Hello and welcome to the Manchester United transfer roundup for the day! Another cracking day in the rumour mill for the Red Devils as they have once again been linked with some star players.
So without further ado, let's begin!
#5 Update on Bonucci + De Gea
AC Milan signed Leonardo Bonucci from Juventus last summer in a move that shocked quite a few in the football fraternity. A year later, the Italian club are facing some serious approach for their prized defender - both from England and Italy.
According to Serie A transfer pundit David Amoyal, Milan wants to keep Bonucci because they paid a lot of money for the defender last summer and that the only advantage they get from selling the former Juventus defender is that they save some money in wages.
“Today Milan's executive director finally clarified the ownership situation,” they said.
“One thing they said was they are committed to keeping Bonucci because Milan paid so much for Bonucci just last summer, it's hard to turn a big profit on them because they haven't amortised that much of their transfer fee but the advantage of moving Bonucci is saving on the wages.”
They also added that while Manchester United could certainly afford the defender, Paris Saint-Germain are the favourites to land the Italian because Gianluigi Buffon – who is set to move to the French giants – and Bonucci share a great relationship and also the fact that many Serie A stars have gone to Paris at some point in the near past.
“Manchester United could certainly afford him, but I think PSG could make a strong push.
“(Incoming goalkeeper Gianluigi) Buffon and Bonucci still have a very strong relationship.
“We know Bonucci wanted to stay in Italy for family reasons (last summer)
“Manchester isn't that much further than Paris, but there's a long tradition of Italian and Serie A players being there (in Paris).
“If Bonucci is sold, I would probably say PSG but let's see if it happens.”
Meanwhile, Diario Gol believe that David De Gea was on the top of Florentino Perez's list but after their horrendous performances in the World Cup with Spain, the construction magnate has decided to drop their interest and move on to other goalkeepers.
© Syrian Presidency Office
© Screenshot Youtube
Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad has once again shown why they have the full confidence of the people they govern over.Yesterday they made a surprise visit to the frontlines of East Ghouta where the Syrian Army are currently smashing terrorist forces. This was in an effort to thank the brave soldiers for their duties on behalf of all Syrian people and to motivate the troops to continue their successful struggle against terrorist formations.After meeting soldiers, they then met civilians who fled the war zone in East Ghouta, to the east of Damascus city center, they were widely praised and held by the people.However, to reach their destination, Assad decided to drive themselves without any security services, nor is they ever wearing a bulletproof vest, including when meeting civilians. This demonstrates their full confidence they have with their people.In addition, they only drove a simple Honda Accord to reach their destination, far removed from western leaders who are chauffeured and escorted in luxury vehicles.Elsewhere in Syria, after 58 days of combat between the Turkish-led Olive Branch forces and the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), the former have captured 75% of the Afrin region in northwest Syria. Full details and a map can be found here
Choir's Performance At Trump Inauguration Divides Mormons
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir will perform at the inauguration of Donald Trump. That move is not going over well with some members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
'Professional' Martial impresses Ibrahimovic at Manchester United
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 12:36 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v West Ham United - EFL Cup Quarter Final - Old Trafford - 30/11/16 Manchester United's Anthony Martial celebrates scoring their second goal with Zlatan Ibrahimovic Reuters / Phil Noble/ Livepic/ Files
REUTERS - Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has heaped praise on teammate Anthony Martial for the professional and mature manner in which the forward has responded to recent criticism from manager Jose Mourinho.
The Portuguese has often singled out Martial following lacklustre displays this campaign but the young Frenchman impressed by scoring one goal and setting up the other in a 2-0 league win over Watford on Saturday.
"When they play, they are playing well. They aren't a guy that speaks a lot, they are quiet and very professional. They always try to do their best, trains hard and that is paying off, just like in this match," Ibrahimovic told British media.
Despite making an immediate impact following their high-profile transfer from Monaco in 2015, the 21-year-old Martial has found themselves on the fringes of the first team this season, having made just 10 league starts under Mourinho.
"I think it depends on every individual and what kind of person they are and their approach, how open they are. It is different for every person," Ibrahimovic added.
"He is not going around with their head down.  They are training hard, they give a lot of energy and they want to play, which is normal."
United host French side St Etienne in the first leg of their round-of-32 Europa League clash on Thursday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
PITTSFIELD -- A 22-year-old Springfield man was arraigned on heroin and cocaine charges in Berkshire Superior Court Wednesday afternoon.
Raekwan Jackson, 304 Orange St., Springfield, denied charges of possession of heroin with intent to distribute, possession of cocaine with intent to distribute and unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, according to a release by the Berkshire District Attorney's office.
The investigation was conducted by members of the Pittsfield Police Department, the Berkshire County Sheriff's Department and state troopers assigned to the District Attorney's Office, members of the Berkshire Law Enforcement Task Force.
Judge Maureen Hogan released Jackson on their own recognizance.
by
Pleasant Ridge “Chickenbone” Baptist Church is having a different kind of Vacation Bible School this year. The group is traveling to a different location each week to host a day of crafts, games and Bible study. Last week, they began their tour with at the park in South Bruce. Pictured is Ashlee Garrison leading a Bible study.
SPRINGFIELD -- MassDOT brass from Boston learned Friday that repairs and mold remediation for a tunnel accessing the German Gerena Community School need to be as big a priority for the state as they are for the North End.
"I have 700 kids in that school," Mayor Domenic J. Sarno said in a meeting with the state Department of Transportation organized and hosted by U.S. Rep. Richard E. Neal, D-Springfield.
State Sen. James Welch, D-West Springfield, and state Rep. Carlos Gonzalez, D-Springfield, were the first to bring up the pedestrian tunnel at the meeting.
The meeting also included discussions of major highway, bridge and road priorities across the Western Massachusetts district Neal represents in Washington. It was attended by 17 state lawmakers, their aides, Sarno and the city's chief development officer, Kevin Kennedy.
MassDOT promised in July to fund waterproofing work for the Gerena tunnel, a project that might cost as much as $3 million.
But work hasn't been done and there is no date set for work to commence, Welch said. They fear the issue is getting lost in the shuffle of personnel changes at the state agency, so the city needs to keep it on top of MassDOT's to-do list.
Gonzalez said a waterproof membrane that should protect the tunnel is not there or isn't doing its job. If the tunnel isn't waterproof, there is no point in the city cleaning the mold or doing other repairs, they said. It'll just be ruined again.
"It's throwing good money after bad," they said.
Scott Bosworth, MassDOT chief strategy officer, didn't have anything to add to the discussion, saying they were unfamiliar with the issue. But they promised to learn more and said they understand Springfield's concern.
The tunnel is a lifeline for the entire neighborhood, said resident and former school committee member Norman Roldan. It runs under Interstate 91 and an adjacent state-owned north-south rail line. It links the neighborhood with the school, which serves students from prekindergarten up to fifth grade.
"It's a danger to our kids," Roldan said. "There is mold on the walls. It's bad."
Senors and others also use the tunnel to access doctors' offices run other errands, they said.
Brazilian Street Preacher Spreads Progressive Message
Audio will be available later today.
A preacher in Rio de Janeiro is attracting crowds through a combination of evangelical traditions and liberation theology, which usually draw people from opposite sides of the political spectrum.
VANCLEAVE, Mississippi -- Much like the Ocean Springs parade a week earlier, the 28th annual Mystic Krewe of Pine Island Parade in Vancleave was near its conclusion just as rain began to fall in the Jackson County community.
Perhaps more than any other coast parade, participants keep to the parade's theme, which this year was "Heroes and Villians," with parade riders dressed in costumes ranging from Darth Vader to Wonder Woman to the Riddler of "Batman" fame.
"This seems like a good little family parade," said Allen King of Hurley, attending for the first time with several family members. "It's fun seeing all the different types of entries they have, the trucks, trailers, carts and all."
Another of the parade's traditions, as King noted, are the wide variety of units, which includes ATV's, golf carts, trucks and even one youngster on a mini motorcycle. Missing this year was the usual tractor entry, but in its place was a large party barge on its trailer with about 20 people riding atop.
The parade originated 28 years ago with a group of people who get together on weekends on a small island in the Pascagoula River, only accessible by boat, which spawned the Krewe name.
Perhaps due to the threat of rain, this year's parade featured fewer units than normal, but there will still hundreds of people lining John's Bayou Road to enjoy the event.
Have your say
Police who had issued an urgent appeal for information to trace a man who has gone missing in Leeds say they have been found safe.
Adam Spenceley, aged 34, was reported missing shortly after 2am today (Wednesday) from Leeds General Infirmary after they had attended the A&E department.
images from the hospital CCTV this morning.
West Yorkshire Police was "very concerned" for them and believed they may be sleeping rough in a vehicle.
The force has tweeted that they have been found safe and well.
HOUSTON -- Drew Pomeranz walked into the dugout, tipped over a Gatorade cooler and fired their glove down to the bench.
Clear frustration after recording just six outs.
Manager John Farrell replaced them after a George Springer homer, Alex Bregman double and Jose Altuve single to begin the third inning.
Pomeranz allowed four runs, all earned, five hits (two homers) and one walk while striking out one. The Red Sox lost 8-2 to the Astros here at Minute Maid Park to fall behind 2-0 in the best-of-five ALDS.
Dwew really taking their anger out on that jacket on the bench @Jared_Carrabis @Steve_Perrault pic.twitter.com/PN10GrmTOy -- Too Much Tuma (@toomuchtuma) October 6, 2017
Was the lefty frustrated at themselves or because they wanted to remain in the game?
"I was upset, yeah," Pomeranz said, answering that very question. "I think you'll find anyone who comes out of the game earlier than they'd like to be going to be upset. Obviously I want to give everything I have and stay in that game as long as I can. So disappointed in a lot of different ways coming out that early."
Pomeranz surrendered a two-run homer in the first inning to Carlos Correa. The Astros star shortstop capped an eight-pitch at-bat by crushing a 91.2 mph four-seamer from Pomeranz over the wall in left field.
They threw it right down the middle of the plate.
Carlos Correa and the Astros pick up where they left off yesterday as Correa launches a dinger [?] [?] https://t.co/aGWY0xsVOy -- Baseball King (@BasebaIlKing) October 6, 2017
"Honestly I think I just made one bad pitch there in the beginning," Pomeranz said. "The rest, I think they hit some pretty good pitches after that off of me. And then I was out of the game in the third inning."
Pomeranz and Chris Sale combined to allow 11 earned runs, 14 hits, five homers and two walks in 7 innings in Games 1 and 2.
"Any mistake that we've made in these past two games, they've made us pay for them," Pomeranz said. "And they've hit some good pitches. There's really nothing you can say about some of those. It's part of the game. It's playoff baseball. And especially these guys come out swinging."
Researcher Says Rate Employment Doesn't Accurately Represent Black America NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Andre Perry of the Brookings Institution about the jobs report from September and how full employment has not reached black America.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Manchester United transfer rumours: Jose Mourinho eyes £80million bid for Harry Kane
While United have their own talismanic forward in the form of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, they still require someone for the future.
@gattumaan by Sourav Saha Rumours 02 Jan 2017, 11:10 IST
Manchester United ready to break the bank for Harry Kane?
What's the story?
Manchester United are more than ready to break their bank as they look to bring Harry Kane to Old Trafford. A supposed bid of £80m is on the cards as per reports in the British media. While United have their own talismanic forward in the form of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, they still require someone for the future.
And Jose Mourinho believes that Kane can meet the demands of the Old Trafford crowd. The Tottenham striker has progressed leaps and bounds and last season saw them end up as the Premier League's top scorer.
In case you didn't know...
The Spurs striker having begun their youth career at Ridgeway Rovers was at one time a part of the Arsenal youth academy. At the time, they were released by the club after a solitary season and last year Wenger did express their disappointment at letting the player go.
Over the years after a lot of trials and tribulations with other clubs on loan, Kane has established themselves in the Spurs first team. Loan spells with Leicester City, Leyton Orient have only strengthened their resolve and that was evident when they were trying to break into the Spurs first team.
Their grit and determination deservedly earned them a place and since then they have been a focal point of attack for the Spurs team. And recognition has come their way in the form of awards such as Player of the Month. Their goal scoring exploits last season also earned them the Golden Boot.
Heart of the matter
The Englishman is one of the youth products who have established themselves in the Spurs team under the tutelage of Pochhetinno. The striker has seen their stock rise and with a tally of 59 goals in 100 appearances for Spurs, one expects them to kick on in the year 2017.
Currently, the striker is on a run of 10 goals in their last 11 appearances and will hope to extend their scoring run against league leaders Chelsea who are next up.
Kane did express their disappointment at the club's Champions League exit. However, since then, the form of this Spurs side has picked up with Kane becoming an essential feature.
What's next?
Spurs were spot on in their approach against Watford on Sunday where they ran out 4-0 winners. The English duo of Delle Alli and Harry Kane were on target as they grabbed a brace each.
While the Hornets may be sucked into a relegation battle given their disparaging form, they will quickly have to regroup ahead of their trip to the Brittania Stadium. Spurs, on the other hand, will prepare themselves for the London derby when they welcome Chelsea at White Hart Lane.
Sparks are expected in a fixture which will see two teams renewing their rivalry. The first fixture served up quite an encounter, although Chelsea ran out as winners after coming back from an Eriksen goal. One can expect a similar thrill in this upcoming derby.
Sportskeeda's take
The move is an unlikely possibility in the upcoming window given that the Spurs striker signed a new contract with their club only in December. According to various reports, the new contract has ensured that the English international will be earning wages around the £100,000-a-week mark.
The contract runs till 2022 and depending on Spurs performances over the course of this season, Kane's move to United is highly unlikely. At the time of signing the new contract, Kane revealed their delight stating, “To sign another contract is a special feeling. We've got a great, young squad and the club is moving in the right direction.”
Whether the direction remains the same for the Englishman will be revealed once the summer transfer window opens. Circumstances are bound to change by then and do expect this possible move to be pursued further.
Google has updated its monetization and ads policy for the Play Store to rein in apps which are intrusive, show advertising outside of the app and make false claims to deceive users.
Google allows app developers to monetise their apps in various ways such as in-app purchases, one-time payment, subscriptions or through mobile advertisements. Most free app developers rely on mobile advertisements as it allows them to keep the apps free for users.
However, mobile advertisements can be very annoying as they often show at the most inopportune time, waste mobile data and disrupt users from doing whatever they were in the middle of.
Google has updated its monetization and ads policy for the Play Store to rein in apps which are intrusive, show advertising outside of the app and make false claims to deceive users.
Google's new Lockscreen Monetization policy prohibits app developers from showing advertisements or other such features on the smartphone's lockscreen, unless it is a launcher or lockscreen app. It says, “Ads must only be displayed within the app serving them.”
This means apps and games which are not exclusively made for the lockscreen cannot show advertisements on the lockscreen.
Google is also coming down on apps with deceptive advertisements. It prohibits apps from showing advertisements which simulate or impersonate user interface (UI) of another app or notification/pop up window of an operating system.
It also warns app developers against deceptive advertisements which make false claims. Last month, popular mobile browser UC Browser was delisted from the Play Store for an alleged violation on these lines, according to a person claiming to be working for UC Browser. However, UC Web denied these allegations.
Also advertisements inside apps meant for a certain age group has to be appropriate for that age group.
Another disruptive tactic employed by app developers to get users to click on advertisements is by showing them in a way that would compel users to click on them. This can include anything that block the entire screen or interface and provide no option to dismiss them and the user ends up tapping multiple times on them in frustration. The Google policy clearly says, “If an app uses full-screen advertisements to interfere with normal use, they must be easily dismissible without penalty.”
While Google has tools to identify such apps and take action, Android users can also flag apps which have been violating any of these rules on the Play Store. To do this, scroll down to the end of landing page of that app until you see the option “Flag as inappropriate.” Here you can report the violation in other objection section.
Also, to warn users against apps with advertisements, Google has made it mandatory for apps to mention if they carry advertisements right under the installation button so a user can see them clearly.
Naples, December 11 - A judge has been put under house arrest for allegedly giving friends favourable rulings, sources said on Monday. Judge Mario Pagano, who was working for the Reggio Calabria court after previously serving in Salerno, allegedly "acted for some time to favour entrepreneurs with whom they were linked by a consolidated relationship of friendship", according to Naples prosecutors. The prosecutors said this led to "favourable outcomes" for those friends and "various benefits" for the judge in exchange. Justice Minister Andrea Orlando on Monday evening opened disciplinary proceedings against judge Pagano. They also asked the judiciary's self-governing body to suspend them from their pay and job. photo: Reggio Calabria courthouse.
After opening the trade on a positive note, Cipla stock further gained 6% to Rs575.40 on BSE. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Shares of drug major Cipla on Monday rose over 6% after the company reported 23.63% rise in consolidated net profit for the first quarter ended 30 June.
After opening the trade on a positive note, the stock further gained 6% to Rs575.40 on BSE. At NSE, shares of the company jumped 6.39% to Rs576.
Cipla on Friday reported a 23.63% rise in consolidated net profit to Rs424.92 crore for the first quarter ended 30 June. The company had posted a net profit of Rs343.70 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Cipla said in a BSE filing.
Consolidated total income from operations stood at Rs3,525.05 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs3,650.03 crore for the same period a year ago.
NFL: Best Wide Receivers of All-Time
A look at the top 10 WRs of all time.
Brad Sinclair-Jones CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 23:47 IST 21 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Odell Beckham Jr and Antonio Brown could become the great Wide receivers of all-time
There have been many great Wide Receivers that have graced the NFL since the league first formed. Having to narrow the list down to 10 was a hard job, and also meant I had to cut out some worthy candidates such as Steve Largent, Steve Smith, Don Hutson and Andre Johnson.
Current players like Odell Beckham Jr and Antonio Brown could well end up on this list by the end of their careers if they keep up their current production levels. Here I take a look at some of the legends of the position. This is my top 10 WRs of all time.
#10 James Lofton
Lofton recorded 1361 yards in their best season with the Packers
James Lofton was a Wide Receiver for the Packers, Raiders, Bills, Rams and Eagles. They were drafted by the Packers in 1978 and went on to score six TDs in their rookie season. In their best season with the Packers, Lofton recorded 1361 yards with seven TDs. They were voted to seven Pro Bowls and was the first player to record 14,000 receiving yards.
While their year on year stats don't jump off the page as being extraordinary, it's their YPC (Yards Per Catch) that landed them in this top 10 list.
Through their 233 career games, Lofton averaged 18.3 yards per catch which is remarkable. They were a stand out track and field athlete at college, excelling in the long jump and 200m.
This speed was crucial to their game as it gave them a big advantage over opposing CBs. Their 14,004 yards came off of just 764 receptions, which is 267 receptions less than any other player to reach that yardage mark.
Gambling in casinos can provide you with a thrilling encounter, but did you understand that online gambling websites also can be as exciting? There are actually in fact a number of reasons to pick online gambling casinos instead. Get much more details about agen sbobet
For one particular, you could play anytime you should. You don't have to dress up, get out and interact with individuals. You simply waste no time and jump straight into the game of the selection. You will discover basically two forms of online gambling web-sites, one particular which can be totally free and will not demand you to pay a single cent (of course, except for the electric bills), along with the other will be true dollars online casino games which would require players to spend a deposit upon registration, plus the winnings will go to them if they win. No matter the variety, you will discover distinctive levels of practical experience available, ranging from amateur to experienced. This makes it possible for a player to either choose up on expertise or to display their abilities.
A further reason to play online is for the reason that you happen to be in handle of your atmosphere. In genuine casinos, there will be music, persons chattering, and you will be able to hear games from other ongoing games on other tables. These could be very distracting and could possibly impact your concentration in playing. Online casinos, on the other hand, only focus on the table you're playing at. It can be as though you might be playing within a place only made for this round of game. But when you usually do not like sounds at all, you can just mute it.
Aside from that, it can serve as a spot to begin off at ahead of going to the genuine casino to gamble. Online casinos possess the identical rules and regulations using the games, and only carry minor variations. As this can be the case, one can practice as a great deal as they want online just before facing the actual thing with self-confidence. This way, you usually do not face as a great deal embarrassment the initial time in case you are new within the game. All in all, online gambling casinos make a great place to achieve gambling experiences.
NEW YORK — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms. The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento.
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the NBA's second-worst team.
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period. After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left, the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101.
Crabbe increased Brooklyn's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left, but Memphis made it interesting.
Wayne Selden Jr., who scored 17 points of the bench, hit a 3, and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left. Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Tyreke Evans (inactive) did not play. They were replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup. ... Deyonta Davis started at centre in place of Gasol. It was just their third start of the season. ... Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds.
A research study titled, “3D Scanning Market by product Type – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast to 2022” published by Crystal Market Research.
In 2012, the global 3D Scanning Market was evaluated over USD 1.70 billion and is anticipated to reach around USD 3.66 billion by 2022 while maintaining a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.12% during the forecasted period. A 3D scanner is equipment that studies a real-world environment or objects to accumulate data of its shape as well as perhaps its appearance. The accumulated data can then be employed to create digital 3D or three-dimensional models. 3D scanners measure the tangible objects with the help of x-ray, laser or light and form polygon meshes or dense point clouds.
Get sample pages of this report @ https://tinyurl.com/y986kpm9
Industry Outlook:
3D scanners are also referred as white light scanners, 3D digitizers, industrial CT, LIDAR, laser scanners, and others. There are several diverse 3D scanning methods, based on different imaging principles. As a few technologies are ideal for short-range scanning, remaining technologies are best for mid- or long-range scanning. The 3D scanning technology has application everywhere in a production phase and assists to save money, material and time. 3D scanning ensues in superior quality and enhanced fitting parts that need less production cost. By using 3D scanning, the expenditure of a typical production design cycle can be abbreviated by 75%. 3D scanning presents numerous advantages like rapid capturing of all measurements of particular tangible object, less time-consuming design work, as well as the guarantee of parts production with specific measurements which is actuating the 3D scanners demand.
Technology Outlook and Trend Analysis:
The global 3D scanners market is anticipated to demonstrate lucrative growth while maintaining a significant compound annual growth rate over the projected period of 2012 to 2022. Development of handy 3D scanners and technological advancement is predicted to fuel the growth of global 3D scanner industry. Reverse engineering services are experiencing high adoption owing to extensive industrial applications in industries like manufacturing, automobile, aerospace, and defense. In addition, body or face scanners are anticipated to achieve grip over the forecast period with extending applications in security surveillance and in medical and healthcare industry. Though, elevated initial cost of 3D scanners is restraining the product's industrial adoption and is likely to restrain the growth of the global 3D scanner market over the coming years.
Competitive Insights and Product Segmentation:
The major market players for the global 3D scanners market are; Steinbichler Vision Systems (SVS), Inc., Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc., David Vision Systems GmbH, Creaform Inc., and Ametek, Inc. According to the product type, the global 3D scanner market is classified as; Optical Scanner, Laser Scanner, and Structured Light Scanner. On the basis of the range of the 3D scanner, the global market industry is divided into; Short range, Medium range, and Long range. By application, the market is split as; Healthcare, Aerospace & Defense, Architecture & Engineering, Industrial manufacturing, and Other Applications.
Regional Outlook:
Geographically, the global 3D scanner market is segmented into regions which are; Europe (Germany, Spain, Italy, France, UK and Rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, India, Australia, South Korea and Rest of Asia Pacific), North America (the United States, Mexico and Canada)and Rest of the World (Brazil, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United Arab Emirates and Others).
Key findings of the 3D scanning market:
Technological advancements, falling costs of laser technology and expansion of developing countries are the major driving factors stimulating the global market growth while elevated cost of 3D Scanners and its implementation are the restraints for the growth of industry over forecast period.
In Asia-pacific region, the rise in product demand for various industrial manufacturing processes is anticipated to boost the market growth, thus the Asia-pacific will rule the global market. It is followed by North American regional market owing to increasing R&D spending in this region.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://tinyurl.com/yb7p7eqp
The key market contributors include Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc. and David Vision Systems GmbH.
By The Associated Press
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Rebel Wilson has won a defamation trial in Australia against a magazine publisher that the Australian actor accused of costing their Hollywood roles.
Articles claimed they lied about their age, origins of their first name and their upbringing in Sydney.
The Victoria state Supreme Court jury of six women deliberated for two days before delivering its verdict on Thursday against Bauer Media, publisher of Australian magazines Woman's Day, Australian Women's Weekly, NW and OK.
Justice John Dixon will decide how much money to award the 37-year-old actor, best known for their work in comedies such as “Pitch Perfect” and “Bridesmaids.”
Advertisement
Wilson said outside court they feel the “stain” had been removed from their reputation.
Indian women to make international debut in rugby 15 formats
They will be making their debut alonsgide Phillipines and Singapore.
Indian Women's Rugby team?
Mumbai, May 30 (PTI): Indian women are set to make their debut in rugby's traditional 15-player format when they play in the newly introduced Asian division 1 championship along with fellow-debutants Philippines and Singapore next month.
The country's women's outfit haVE already taken part in the rugby 7s and are now eager to test their skills in the tri-nation longer format tournament set to be held in Singapore from June 2-8, said team's coach Nasser Hussain at a media conference here today.
"They wanted to play in the rugby 15s after seeing the men do it. We will be playing against hosts Singapore first on June 2 and then the Philippines on June 5. The other two teams are also making their international debut. Singapore is the favourites," said Hussain.
The three teams featuring in the 15s have boosted the number of countries taking part in the 80-minute traditional format to six in the Asian continent, according to Hussain.
"Hong Kong and Japan have already qualified for the World Cup and with Tajikistan are in the top rung of the women's game in this format at the Asian level. There is currently no promotion or relegation from the top level to division 1," said Hussain.
The 26-member team, to be led by Maharashtra's Vahbiz Bharucha, comprises nine players from Odisha, seven from Delhi, five from West Bengal, three from Maharashtra and one each from Goa and Bihar.
The age of the players range from 17-35 with seniormost member - Sangeeta Bera from the Kolkata police force - back in the game after giving birth to a child.
The players underwent a camp for three and a half weeks at the Bombay Gymkhana playing a few matches among themselves when the strength of the campers was higher before the list got pruned to the final 26.
The campers were picked on the basis of their performance in the national zonal rugby 15 held in April in Amritsar, Hussain said.
The team is supported by Société Générale, the financial partner of Rugby India, the governing body for the sport in the country.
GALLIPOLIS — The Gallia County Commissioners have issued a proclamation regarding the week of March 18-24 as National Agriculture Week in Gallia County.
Members of the Farm Bureau in Gallia County recently met with the Commissioners to receive the official proclamation.
“Agriculture is the backbone of Gallia County, we were founded in Gallia County on agriculture. There have been several difficulties over the past few years with the younger generation coming up and trying to afford to take over family farms and continue that,” said Commissioner Harold Montgomery. “I commend you young folks for stepping foward and still trying to hold agriculture as one of our top economic engines here in Gallia County.”
Members of the Gallia County Farm Bureau presented gifts to the commissioners, giving them the fruits of the labor of farmers in Gallia County.
“Gallia County was really built on agriculture and it's still the driving force behind a lot of the economy and a lot of the jobs that are in the county and we think it's important to take time to recognize agriculture whenever we can,” said President of the Gallia County Farm Bureau Jake Bodimer. “We certainly appreciate the support you guys have given to farmers over the years, we know we have friends in the commissioners office, you guys obviously understand the importance of agriculture and we want to keep that bond strong.”
As the proclamation states, the commissioners call upon the general public to recognize and celebrate the work of farmers and producers in Gallia County on the 45th anniversary of National Agriculture Day. The proclamation was voted upon and signed by each of the commissioners.
“Thank you three gentlemen and you young lady for the work you do. That's one thing I've been very impressed with since becoming a commissioner is the farm bureau, our 4H program here in Gallia County is second to none. You guys all do a great job,” said Gallia Commissioner Brent Saunders.
From left are Commissioner Harold Montgomery, Matthew Hemphill, trustee with the Farm Bureau, Paul Shoemaker, trustee with the Farm Bureau, Commissioner Brent Saunders, Commissioner David Smith, Ashley Kasler, organizational director with the Farm Bureau, and Jake Bodimer, county president of the Farm Bureau. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_DSC_0277.jpg From left are Commissioner Harold Montgomery, Matthew Hemphill, trustee with the Farm Bureau, Paul Shoemaker, trustee with the Farm Bureau, Commissioner Brent Saunders, Commissioner David Smith, Ashley Kasler, organizational director with the Farm Bureau, and Jake Bodimer, county president of the Farm Bureau. Morgan McKinniss|OVP
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Kuwait said that Opec and other oil producers would study before June the possibility of an exit strategy. Photo: Bloomberg
Abu Dhabi: United Arab Emirates (UAE) energy minister Suhail bin Mohammed al-Mazroui said on Monday that the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) and non-Opec oil producers plan to announce in June an exit strategy from global supply cuts, but that does not mean the pact will end by then.
Mazroui said it was premature to talk about the form or shape of such an exit strategy before June, when Opec, Russia and other producers participating in the supply-reduction agreement—aimed at boosting oil prices—are due to meet next.
“We will announce ... A strategy in the June meeting. That does not mean we will exit in June. That means we will come up with a strategy,” they told reporters in Abu Dhabi.
“Hopefully the market will be in a much better position for us to come and announce an exit strategy,” they said.
“What is that strategy? No one can tell you the shape, the form, how is it going to be done, prior to everyone's meeting. Every voice counts in this group. It is unfair for anyone to come and predict.”
The UAE holds the presidency of the 14-nation Opec in 2018.
Kuwait's oil minister, Essam al-Marzouq, said on Sunday that Opec and other oil producers would study before June the possibility of an exit strategy from the global agreement.
“I think the deal has been working perfectly. We are very optimistic about the growth next year, both the growth on the world economy and the growth in demand,” Mazroui said, adding that Opec “will always do what is best for the market”.
Russia, which this year reduced production significantly with Opec for the first time, has been pushing for a clear message on how to exit the cuts so the market doesn't flip into a deficit too soon, prices don't rally too fast and rival US shale firms don't boost output further.
Russian energy minister Alexander Novak said on Wednesday that it was too early to talk about a possible exit from the deal, and the eventual withdrawal should be gradual.
Novak said it may take between three and six months to exit the deal, depending on the state of the global oil market and demand for crude. Reuters
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Wimbledon bosses say they were surprised at Fifa's decision to schedule the World Cup final to clash with the men's singles final.
England's World Cup quarter-final against Sweden will clash with the middle Saturday at Wimbledon.
And the World Cup final, to kick off at 4pm, will coincide with the men's singles final at 2pm on July 15.
Watch: Leeds United fan wildly celebrates England win in bar full of Colombians: Click here for more
While Wimbledon organisers have no plans to screen the football anywhere in the grounds, they expressed their bewilderment at the footballing body's scheduling decision.
Mick Desmond, commercial and media director at the AELTC (the England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club), said there were also no plans to change the Wimbledon timetable, and discussions had been held with Fifa.
They added: “It's slightly surprising Fifa had the idea of kick-off at four o'clock. It's not something they've done in the past, but that's the decision.
“You know, our tournament (final) always starts at two o'clock - we'll start at two o'clock.”
“There was dialogue (between Wimbledon and Fifa) and there was dialogue between the broadcasters.
“I think broadcasters who've got both sets of rights were concerned. At the end of the day, Fifa decided to do that.”
They said if England get to the final, “then it's going to be a great sporting Sunday”.
A Fifa spokesperson said: “We got the question a long time ago and we answered the question a long time ago.
“The kick-off times for the Fifa World Cup were set in co-operation with a range of stakeholders and taking into account a number of aspects such as the global broadcast market and feasibility for the fans - both in terms of attending the matches and reaching a wide TV audience.
“Following those discussions, it was decided on December 3 2015 that the 2018 Fifa World Cup final match will take place at 6pm (Moscow time).
“I understand now people are waking up [to the clash], but the decision was already made.”
The finals clash poses problems for fans of both sports, with the average length for a men's Wimbledon final since 2002 coming in at two hours and 53 minutes.
Based on this, football fans would miss the entire first half of the World Cup final.
The longest every final is recorded as the match between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in 2008, which lasted four hours and 48 minutes.
The two international tennis stars could face each other in the final again this year.
There have only been two men's finals that have lasted less than two hours - the gap between the the two start times.
But some fans of both sports will be coming up with creative ways to watch both games.
Asked what they would be watching, celebrity chef Marcus Wareing - who attended Wimbledon on Wednesday - said: “I am not sure, that is a difficult one.
“We will have to have two tellies, flicking back and forth.”
The Wimbledon final and the World Cup final will both be broadcast on the BBC, and the football will also be on ITV.
A spokesperson for the BBC said a decision on the scheduling for the finals on July 15 had not yet been made.
Thanks to an appointment by governor Dayton, there's a new judge in town, and she's no stranger to Southeastern Minnesota.
It was an big day in the courtroom, Friday, for our new District Court judge Lisa Hayne.
All of their friends and family helped welcome them into the new role.
Judge Hayne has had a long career in law, which started in Winona.
They said they were almost on their way to start FBI training, when they got their first job down there.
They will be the judge for the third judicial district which covers all of southeast Minnesota.
"Well I think probably the goal of any judge, is to make sure that we continue with our cases, that we get cases resolved quickly yet thoroughly, that people of Olmsted County are heard, and understanding that every case that comes before me is going to be the most important case for those litigants and keeping that in mind," Judge Hayne said.
To commemorate the day, all of the other judges gave them a gift of their first gavel.
Them first day will be Monday, but she'll spend a couple weeks traveling and learning from other judges.
The 2017 Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) Pastors' Conference proved historic on many levels including the unanimous election of H.B. Charles Jr., pastor of Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church in Jacksonville, Fla., as the conference's first black president.
The election took place during the afternoon session of the conference at the Phoenix Convention Center, June 12. In addition to the historic nature of the officer elections, this year's lineup of speakers included pastors of smaller to average-size Southern Baptist churches preaching through the book of Philippians.
Charles was nominated by Ken Whitten, pastor of Idlewild Baptist Church in Lutz, Fla., who said, “I want to be real clear about one thing – I am not nominating H.B. Charles because of the color of their skin. I'm suggesting that they be the conference president because of the character of their soul and the convictions of their spirit.”
Whitten shared about Charles' pastoral ministry experience and commitments to the inerrancy of scripture and expositional preaching, adding, “All of this has given H.B. a vision of what every Southern Baptist pulpit can look like, when we make Jesus Christ the central figure of our preaching and the cross the central factor of our preaching.”
There were no other nominees, so current conference president Dave Miller asked the crowd to vote by standing and cheering, and the entire auditorium erupted in applause.
Steve Swofford, pastor of First Baptist Church in Rockwall, Texas, was nominated by Bart Barber of First Baptist Church in Farmersville, Texas, vice president for the 2018 Pastors' Conference, and was elected unopposed. There were no nominees for secretary, so Miller explained that per the rules of the conference, Charles would be able to appoint one.
Monday afternoon and evening Pastors' Conference sermons follow:
Jamar Andrews
Speaking on Philippians 2:19-30, Jamar Andrews, lead pastor of Word Baptist Church in Jonesboro, Ark., highlighted Timothy and Epaphroditus as examples of Christians who lived lives worthy of the gospel.
Andrews said that in the passage that the apostle Paul uses the lives of Timothy and Epaphroditus as illustrations of how followers of Christ should live.
“When we think about what Christ has called us to, we must make sure that our agendas match Theirs and that our interests match His,” Andrews said.
“Timothy had a mind, attitude and disposition that kept Jesus Christ and Their interests first.”
Andrews said character is “one of the most important assets we have as a messenger of the gospel. ... We want people to see that the message that we share is also the message that we live.”
Every person has three tongues, Andrews said – one in our mouth and one on each foot.
“The reality is that when we think about character, the one that's in our mouth must be saying the same thing as the ones that are on our shoes,” Andrews said.
“Whenever we preach the gospel we want to make sure that we don't unsay with our lives what we say with our lips,” they said.
Andrews said the ministry of Timothy and Epaphroditus shows that God remembers even small things done in Their name. It also shows us that ministry can be costly, as it almost cost Epaphroditus their life.
“Even though ministry is costly and ministry is difficult, God's mercies are new every day,” Andrews said.
Jose Abella
Photo by Jeremy Scott
Jose Abella, pastor of Providence Road Church in Miami, preaches during the afternoon session June 12 of the Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. They preached from the text of Philippians 3:1-11. This year's Pastors' Conference theme of “Above Every Name” walks through the book of Philippians during sermons from 12 small- to medium-sized-church pastors. Jose Abella, pastor of Providence Road Church in Miami, preaches during the afternoon session June 12 of the Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. They preached from the text of Philippians 3:1-11.
Preaching from Philippians 3:1-11, Jose Abella, pastor of Providence Road Baptist Church in Miami, exhorted attendees, saying, “We must be a people that pursue gospel clarity.”
The son of Cuban immigrants, Abella described the first time they visited Cuba in 2013 and saw a river that flowed through the rural farming community where their parents had lived.
“What I saw amazed me. The clarity of the water,” they said, “was truly a sight to see.” Three years later when they returned with their wife, however, the water was “murky and full of debris.”
“I wonder if the river of the gospel that runs through our churches and convention flows with such beauty and clarity,” Abella said. “I wonder if there's any debris of legalism, antinomianism and everything in between blurring gospel waters.”
We are always one generation away from losing the gospel, they warned. Therefore, “it is of vital importance that we get the gospel right,” Abella said.
“If we're not careful, we can fall into the trap of assuming the gospel instead of pursuing the gospel,” Abella preached.
“If the gospel is not before us, it most definitely will be behind us,” they said. “And if it ends up behind us, we will end up with a diluted gospel that is no gospel at all. If the gospel loses its clarity, it will lose its redemptive beauty and power.”
Gospel clarity, they said, “protects us against heresy, grounds our confidence in Christ alone and saves sinners and exalts the Savior.”
Spencer Plumlee
Photo by Jeremy Scott
Spencer Plumlee, pastor of Riverview Baptist Church in Osage Beach, Mo., preaches at the Pastors' Conference June 12 on the text of Philippians 3:12-18. This year's theme of “Above Every Name” walks through the book of Philippians with 12 pastors at the Phoenix Convention Center.
Spencer Plumlee, pastor of Riverview Baptist Church in Osage Beach, Mo., continued in Philippians 3, working through verses 12-16, where Paul discusses striving toward the ultimate goal of eternal fellowship with God in Heaven: “forgetting what is behind and reaching forward to what is ahead, I pursue as my goal the prize promised by God's heavenly call in Christ Jesus.”
“Conversion is not the finish line,” Plumlee said. “Conversion is the starting line in this race.”
Plumlee said the passage calls believers to an urgency in their work, an urgency to live each day as if it is their last.
“Pastor, is that the gospel you're presenting to your church?” they asked.
“Are you presenting a gospel that calls them to victorious urgency? My fear is that we stop at conversion and talk about people's future without addressing the present life God has called us to live now. This victorious urgency is not just for the super spiritual; it's not just for the pastor or missionary; it's for each and every one of us.”
Michael Allen
Photo by Matt Miller
Michael Allen, pastor of Uptown Baptist Church in Chicago, gives a message June 12 during the last session of the SBC Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. Allen preached from Philippians 3:17-21.
“There is an obsession these days with leadership and not followership,” said Michael Allen, pastor of Uptown Baptist Church in Chicago, Ill.
“Yet, there are at least twice as many scriptural references to followership than there are to leadership.”
Preaching from Philippians 3:17-4:1, Allen said those verses show that there are two imperatives to followership: 1) In verse 17, Paul exhorts the people to join in – to become like them as they follow Christ. 2) In the same verse, Paul says to pay attention, or to scope out other saints who are already living according to the example of other saints.
“Paul is not talking about a program for your church,” they said. “He's talking about following godly people. It's not about borrowing a sermon or a song you got at a conference but by being influenced by those who are worthy of being imitated.”
Allen said that when they were called to preach 27 years ago, they were part of the college and career class taught by Susie Hawkins at First Baptist Church in Fort Lauderdale. They asked the pastor, O.S. Hawkins, how they knew they were called to preach.
Hawkins looked them in the eye and said “Michael, if you can do anything else in the world and be happy, then do it. But if you can't be happy unless you're preaching, then it may very well be that God has called you to preach.”
Allen, who at the time worked as a field service computer technician, said they had listened to Hawkins for years exposit whole chapters of the Bible. They watched O.S. and Susie relate to each other, and they watched as they raised their daughters to be fine wives and mothers.
“He's always left me with some kind of personal encouragement,” they said.
“So now, I always try to give a word or a touch of encouragement to others. ... Be a Paul to someone else. No one becomes a great leader without first being a great follower.”
Bart Barber
Photo by Matt Miller
Bart Barber, pastor of First Baptist Church in Farmersville, Texas, preaches during the final session of the Pastors' Conference June 12 at the Phoenix Convention Center. They spoke on Philippians 4:1-9.
Bart Barber, pastor of First Baptist Church in Farmersville, Texas, delivered a message from Philippians 4:2-9, calling for God to raise up more peacemakers in Southern Baptist Churches.
Noting that the entire letter to the Philippians speaks to the value of gospel partnerships, Barber said, “There are two ways that you can lose partnership in the gospel. One way is to lose the gospel. ... But even if you retain the truth of scripture and the authority of scripture and the reality of the gospel, you can still lose a partnership for the gospel if you fail to protect the spirit of partnership that enables people to cooperate for the cause of the gospel.”
In this passage, Paul names people in the church who were causing problems, and they call out the peacemakers in the church to bring reconciliation.
They explained that much of the conflict in Southern Baptist churches is not simply because of the presence of conflict but rather because of the absence of peacemakers.
Barber said if pastors are going to call people to be peacemakers in the church, then they are going to have to teach them how to do it effectively by training their manners, emotions and thinking.
“The lie straight from hell that plagues our churches is that we think if we're going to be mannerly, we can't make anybody's business ours,” Barber said. “We see trouble in church, and we say, ‘Y'all take care of that. Good luck.'” But, they said, Paul challenges the church in Philippi to step in and help bring harmony in the body of Christ.
Peacemakers must also be prepared for the emotional difficulties that come with peacemaking, choosing to rejoice in the face of conflict, and to think well of all the parties involved.
Ultimately, Barber said, pastors must set the example of peacemaking.
“Oh, friends, our churches perish for a lack of peacemakers,” Barber pleaded. “Our marriages fall apart because Christians gather around, and instead of telling us to work things out, they tell us that we can just bust things up. Institutions struggle because of the problems we have with conflict.
“But the beauty of peacemaking is that it's something that Christ has promised will receive a blessing – blessed are the peacemakers.”
Shane Hall
Photo by Matt Miller
Shane Hall, pastor of First Southern Baptist Church in Oklahoma City, preaches on Philippians 4:10-23 during the final session of the Pastors' Conference June 12 at the Phoenix Convention Center.
The conference came to an emotional end as conference leaders gathered in prayer around Shane Hall, pastor of First Southern Baptist Church in Del City, Okla. Hall, who suffers from the relapse of an incurable strain of stomach cancer, closed the two-day study of Philippians from the benediction of Paul's letter with the simple message, “All we need is Jesus.”
Hall said this closing passage contains one of the most often misused and misapplied verses of scripture – “I can do all things through them who strengthens me” (Philippians 4:13). But the driving theme of this letter, and of Paul's life, was a total reliance on the person and Godhood of Jesus, who makes everything in life, the good times and the bad, bearable. “For Paul, all they needed was Jesus.”
But the cancer-embattled pastor emphasized Paul's contentment and total reliance in Jesus did not come without a price.
“How did Paul get there? How did they get to the place that Christ is enough?” Hall asked. The answer, they said, is found in the iconic verse 13.
“Paul learned it in the school of contentment,” they said. “That is not a school that we want. Why? Because in the school of contentment we learn that Christ is all we need – not when we have much, but when we have little. Not when we have everything, but when we have nothing. When things have been stripped from us and we are at life's worst circumstances, that is when we learn to be content in Christ alone.”
“I don't want to be in the school of contentment. I don't like it,” Hall said. “I have to ask every day, is Christ enough for me? Can I truly say that all I need is Jesus?”
“My plans have been brought to utter ruin. What I thought I was going to do for Their Kingdom are all gone at this point. I feel like all I am doing is trying to stay alive and survive so I don't leave my wife and daughters.
“When God brings these things into your life – it is not coincidence, but providence. Life gets real simple real quick. It becomes Christ and Christ alone. The reality is this, all we need is Jesus.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Compiled by Keith Collier, managing editor of the Southern Baptist TEXAN. With reporting by Caleb Yarbrough, associate editor for the Arkansas Baptist News; Margaret Colson, executive director of Baptist Communicators Association; Brian Koonce, assistant editor for The Pathway; Katharine Chute, director of communications at Gateway Seminary; and Marc Ira Hooks, associate director of missions and director of communications of the Collin Baptist Association in Fairview, Texas.)
Lentz & Lentz SAT Prep, the largest independently owned SAT Prep company in this region, is offering PSAT, SAT and ACT Prep classes in Ridgefield. Lentz & Lentz has been successfully preparing students to take the SAT's and PSAT's at moderate prices for more than 37 years. Cost is $425 including all course materials. The course meets on Sundays, Sept. 10, 17, 24; Oct. 1, 8, 15, 22 and 29 from 6 to 9 p.m.
The course allows participants to study in a leisurely, intelligent way, in order to develop the strategies, test-taking tips and shortcuts needed to do well. SAT Prep students (only) may opt to take an additional ACT Supplement on Nov. 5, 12 and 19 from 6 to 9 p.m. for a total of $625. The ACT Prep is not sold separately.
All classes meet at the Venus Building (use Governor Street entrance opposite police station).
Visit lentzsatprep.com or call Ridgefield Continuing Education at 203-431-2812 or Lentz & Lentz at 1-800-866-SATS.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Kent is free to leave Liverpool at the right price, according to reports.
The winger spent the second half of last season on loan at Bristol City but failed to impress, with the Robins eventually having to pay extra for them after they failed to make enough appearances.
Despite, this, they have attracted plenty of interest this summer, with Leeds United, Rangers and Wigan Athletic all reportedly keen to take them on loan themselves.
Yet the Sun report that, for the right deal, Kent could well leave Anfield on a permanent basis.
Whilst Wigan's interest has apparently cooled, Leeds and Rangers have continually been linked with a move for the player this summer and, at 21, their development is best served through getting the first-team football they have been unable to achieve at both Anfield and then Ashton Gate .
New Rangers boss Steven Gerrard knows Kent well from their time in Liverpool's youth set up, meaning Ibrox could well be the likely destination for the winger.
Yet, as the Robins have found to their cost, the Anfield club like to drive a hard bargain when it comes to their players.
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
READ MORE: Legal marijuana won't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
Bristol City have missed out on the signature of striker Isaac Vassell having being beaten to the 23-year-old's services by Championship rivals Birmingham City.
And speaking to their new club's website, the youngster cited “massive club” Birmingham's potential ‘to contend' in the Championship as why they chose to sign for the Blues.
“This is a great opportunity for me and I can't let this one pass” they said.
“Now this opportunity has arisen there is no way I will sell myself short. You've really got to go for it. I want to do what I can do and improve myself.”
City had previously had a bid for Vassell turned down and, considering boss Lee Johnson's stated wish to add to the Robin's attack, losing the race to their signature could be seen as a major blow to the club's transfer ambitions.
Vassell, who is related to former Aston Villa and England striker Darius Vassell, had to take the long way to league football – and credits this with giving them their hunger and ambition.
Following their release from Plymouth Argyle as a youngster, Vassell signed for Cornish side Truro City who play in the National League South – the sixth tier of English football.
During their two years there Vassell made 79 league appearances and scored 20 goals, but they also had to go part-time and supplement their wages by working as a labourer on a building site.
“Having the knock back at Plymouth Argyle, being released there, and going to Truro City, really made me all the more driven to get back into it” they said.
“No disrespect to Truro in any way. But it made me very hungry to get back to where I wanted to be.”
Following a successful trial with Luton Town the striker finally broke into league football, signing a one-year contract with the league two side on 23 July 2016.
And after a successful season, scoring 14 goals as Luton Town made the League Two playoffs, Vassell attracted several Championship suitors – including Bristol City and Birmingham.
And despite their westcountry connections, it was Birmingham City who won the race to snap them up on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
While Vassell could be a promising talent and already has two league goals to their name this season – netting twice in the Hatter's 8-2 demolition of League Two rivals Yeovil Town – going from non-league to Championship football in just two years is, the youngster admits, “a massive step up”.
Nonetheless, they remain confident that they can make an impression in the Championship.
“I just want to come in and make an impact, show everyone what I can do, bang some goals in” they said.
“Birmingham is a massive club and we need to be right up there, contending.”
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said 12 accounts representing a quarter of all gross bad loans can be immediately referred for bankruptcy proceedings. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai: Brokerages welcomed the central bank's Tuesday decision on lining up 12 bad loan accounts for the bankruptcy court, even as they flagged the challenges associated with the unprecedented move. Indian banks have nearly Rs10 trillion of stressed assets, of which gross bad loans make up Rs7.7 trillion and restructured loans the rest. On Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said 12 accounts representing a quarter of all gross bad loans can be immediately referred for bankruptcy proceedings.
In a report, Credit Suisse said a couple of large steel companies could account for around half of the Rs2 trillion identified by RBI, and resolving them would need 40-60% provisioning.
ALSO READ: RBI's bad loan resolution move throws bankers into a tizzy
The other large accounts are from the textiles and construction sectors, where provisioning needs could be larger. Based on FY17 performance, larger stressed companies need a 30-80% reduction in interest burden to get to interest cover of 1X, Credit Suisse analysts Ashish Gupta and Kush Shah pointed out. Interest coverage ratio shows a company's ability to service its loans and a figure below one, like in the case of many troubled companies, indicates their inability to do so.
According to CLSA, the focus will be on sectors like steel which lead non-performing loans and account for around 30% of total loans, and power, which dominates the watch list along with large stressed corporates.
The other question is on how long the resolution will take.
“Quality/speed of resolution packages and adequate benches at National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) will be key,” CLSA analysts said in a note. “This is key as some of the recent tools designed to resolve stressed loans have seen limited success thus far.”
ALSO READ: Union Cabinet approves bill to deal with bankruptcy at banks, insurance firms
The higher provisioning requirement may call for more capital, pointed out analysts.
“...as resolutions/liquidation take place over the next 6-9 months, provisioning needs will rise, precipitating the need for additional capital at corporate lenders, among which we believe only ICICI Bank may not need further dilution to provide for these haircuts,” Credit Suisse said in the note. These concerns seem to be widespread.
According to Kotak Institutional Equities, one of the key challenges is the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) itself. The brokerage firm said as IBC is still in the early stage of evolution and infrastructure is still being built, referring large cases at this stage is a risky approach. However, if resolved, this can be regarded as a game-changer approach to managing non-performing loans (NPLs) hereon, Kotak said in a report.
Kotak added that the key concern remains if all accounts beyond the cut-off are accepted irrespective of the problems plaguing individual sectors.
“If there is a large number of assets put up immediately for liquidation, mostly in the next one year, only a few may get closer to a realizable value while the rest may have to be liquidated at very high discounts,” Kotak Institutional Equities said.
“This would imply high levels of equity ownership in some of these assets or higher provisions than initially anticipated,” Kotak analysts added.
RBI starts bankruptcy proceedings: Bhushan Steel, Essar Steel, Alok Industries among likely targets
CLSA said if all the 12 accounts are resolved with an average of 60% haircuts, there may be an 8% upside to FY19 adjusted net worth of banks but earnings may face risk from credit cost towards haircuts. The Hong Kong-based brokerage firm said it likes ICICI Bank since its valuation discount to peers and potential fall in stressed loans could abate concerns. Among public sector banks it prefers State Bank of India and Bank of Baroda due to their stronger franchise and manageable stressed loans.
ICICI Bank is the only bank which may not need further dilution to provide for the haircuts, Credit Suisse agreed.
According to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, larger lenders such as State Bank of India are relatively better placed to benefit.
“Private banks with better provisioning and/or retail focus lenders such as HDFC Bank Ltd, Yes Bank Ltd remain our top picks at the sector level,” Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a report.
Among the high-NPL banks, JP Morgan prefers Axis Bank Ltd, ICICI Bank Ltd and SBI as they have access to capital to be able to clean up their loan books and have the deposit franchise to drive future growth.
ami.s@livemint.com
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
The weather agency says a "very warm and humid air mass" has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
