s much as we love salt in our food, this basic but essential ingredient can also cause havoc in our lives if not consumed in the right amount. Salt has long been under the scanner for leading to diseases like high blood pressure and heart problems. And this is primarily because it is present in alarming quantities in all processed foods, which are a constant in our homes these days. Our lifestyle habits indeed play a crucial role in our well-being. According to a study published in the journal Clinical Investigation, salty foods tend to diminish thirst and increase hunger instead, due to a higher need for energy. "It's not solely a waste product, as has been assumed," said one of the researchers Friedrich C Luft from Delbruck Center for Molecular Medicine in Germany.
According to WHO, the recommended salt intake per day is five grams. While regular food may be prepared with just the right amount of salt, other food items like bakery products, pickles, chutneys and sauces, papad, non-alcoholic beverages and canned food often contribute to the "extra" consumption of salt.
Dr. Manoj Kumar, Cardiologist at the Max Super Speciality Hospital, says that every third or fourth person in India is hypertensive. "Nowadays I get patients as young as 25 who are hypertensive. These are mostly people working in high-stress jobs, where sleep is often compromised with and there is easy access to packaged food most of the time."
So what are the consequences of high salt intake in our daily diet? Let's find out -
1. Spikes Blood Pressure
Various studies have established a link between certain foods you eat and how they affect your blood pressure levels. High blood pressure is a medical condition where the arteries have elevated blood pressure. Blood pressure is the force of pushing the blood against the artery walls. Every time the heart beats, blood is pumped to the whole body through the arteries. The higher the blood pressure, the harder it becomes for the heart to pump blood. Amongst various factors like smoking, obesity, stress, old age etc which are known to cause hypertension, salt is also a major perpetrator. Specially, processed foods that secretly contain high sodium levels.
"Excess salt intake can lead to high blood pressure, coupled with lack of exercise, obesity, stress and tension," says S. Chatterjee, Senior Consultant, Internal Medicine, Apollo Hospital. "Packaged food, processed food and ready-to-eat meals all have high salt content. They are also high in cholesterol and oil, and regular consumption leads to weight gain and obesity, and in turn, hypertension."
2. Development of Multiple Sclerosis
According to a study done by the University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont, diets high in sodium may be a risk factor in the development of multiple sclerosis (MS) by influencing immune cells that cause the disease. Multiple Sclerosis is a complex disease, which is very much influenced by one's genetic background. Researchers said that although the study does implicate salt intake as a risk factor, it is important to note that dietary salt is likely just one of the many environmental factors contributing to this ailment.
3. Heart Disease
According to health experts, the high levels of salt-laden processed foods that we eat are responsible for pushing up blood pressure levels, and thus, raising the risk of heart disease. Most people have no idea how much salt they are consuming, or what the guideline amounts are. In India, people are found to consume thrice the amount of salter than the recommended amount. People with Type-2 diabetes have more to add to their list of dietary restrictions as researchers have found that a high salt diet may double their risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Elevated dietary sodium can increase arterial stiffness. Potential effects on the arteries include reduced function of the endothelium, which is the inner lining of blood vessels. Endothelial cells mediate a number of processes, including coagulation, platelet adhesion and immune function.
4. May Delay Puberty
A study done by University of Wyoming in the US. found that having excess dietary salt may result in late onset of puberty that can lead to behavioural problems, stress and reduced fertility. "Our research highlights for the first time that the salt content of a diet has a more significant effect on reproductive health than the fat content," said lead researcher Dori Pitynski.
5. Damage to Organs
Researchers at the University of Delaware have found how a diet with extra sodium content can cause long term damage to various organs including heart, kidneys, brain and blood vessels. Those who suffer from high blood pressure and cholesterol are generally recommended to shun salt, but health experts advise others to keep a strict watch on their daily sodium as well. High sodium is also associated with reduced renal function, a decline observed with only a minimal increase in blood pressure.
6. Enlargement of Muscle Tissue
"High dietary sodium can also lead to left ventricular hypertrophy, or enlargement of the muscle tissue that makes up the wall of the heart's main pumping chamber," said David Edwards of University of Delaware. "As the walls of the chamber grow thicker, they become less compliant and eventually are unable to pump as forcefully as a healthy heart."
Chronically elevated dietary sodium may 'sensitize' sympathetic neurons in the brain too, causing a greater response to a variety of stimuli, including skeletal muscle contraction.
ANKARA Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Thursday to support an investigation by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons into the chemical weapons attack in Syria last week, Turkish presidential sources said.
In a phone call, Erdoğan stressed to their Russian counterpart that the use of chemical weapons was a crime against humanity, they said.
The April 4 attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun, blamed by many governments on the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, killed scores of people and prompted the United States to launch a missile strike on a Syrian air base in response.
(Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Andrew Roche)
German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas did not mince their words during their second speech at the United Nations in New York in just a few weeks Tuesday, as Berlin tries to bolster its bid for a seat on the 15-member Security Council.
Germany, Belgium and Israel are competing for two seats in a category reserved for Western European and other countries. Five countries will be picked in an election on June 8 to join the council for two-year terms.
Maas accused Syrian leader Bashar Assad of "inhumane conduct" after an alleged chemical weapons attack on the last rebel-held suburb of Douma, near Damascus.
"The inhumane conduct by the Assad regime is an attack on the core values of the international community," said Maas. "We must not close our eyes to it. The violations of fundamental international humanitarian law cannot go unpunished."
Germany declined to join the United States, Britain and France in military strikes on Syria, but did support the decision politically.
Watch video 00:34 Heiko Maas says Russia is needed to end Syria war
Meeting with counterparts
While in New York, Maas met with their Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif to discuss the Iran nuclear deal.
Under the terms of the agreement, which was signed in 2015 by Iran, France, the United States, China, Britain, Russia and Germany, Tehran agreed to restrictions and monitoring intended to ensure it could not build a nuclear weapon. In turn, international sanctions were lifted.
However, US President Donald Trump has threatened to pull out of the deal. In October they warned that they would walk away from it unless what they called flaws were addressed. Trump must decide by May 12 whether or not to waive sanctions against Iran. If they were to extend the sanctions, it would be tantamount to walking away from the deal.
Germany and the other signatories to the deal are trying to convince Trump not to walk away from it, including French President Emmanuel Macron, who is currently meeting with the president in Washington.
Read more: Can Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron save the Iran nuclear deal?
Watch video 03:16 Share German envoy defends Iran deal Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2lwzp German ambassador warns against unraveling Iran deal
Maas and Cavusoglu meet for the first time
Maas also met with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu for the first time on Monday. Turkey's upcoming election was among the topics of discussion.
Maas made clear before the talks that Berlin would not budge on its refusal to allow election campaigning in Germany aimed at Turks living in the country and who are eligible to vote in the elections.
Cavusoglu has plans to attend a memorial event marking 25 years since a right-wing arson attack in Solingen, western Germany, killed five members of a Turkish-German family. Maas said the ban on public appearances by foreign politicians in the three months preceding an election would not apply to Cavusoglu.
"We don't consider that to be an election event because it has a totally different background,” said Maas. "This is an event that takes place regularly and commemorates the victims of this terrible arson attack,” they added.
Berlin described the meeting between Heiko Maas (right) and Mevlut Cavusoglu as a "good conversation in a constructive atmosphere"
Maas said they hoped to "build on the positive signs of the last few months and make further positive steps in the German-Turkish relationship.”
Germany's refusal to allow Turkish politicians to hold rallies on German soil for a controversial referendum to change the Turkish constitution caused a rift between the two nations last year.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said they plan to hold an election rally abroad.
There are currently 1.4 million Turks living in Germany who are eligible to vote in the upcoming snap election in Turkey on June 24.
av/rt (DPA, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — Philanthropist and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced that wreckage of a sunken military ship on which five brothers died in World War II has been discovered in the South Pacific.
A spokesperson for Allen confirms wreckage from the USS Juneau was found Saturday off the coast of the Solomon Islands.
The ship was hit by Japanese torpedoes in 1942, killing hundreds of men, including the five Sullivan brothers from Waterloo, Iowa.
Allen has an expedition team that has reported finding wreckage of other ships, including the aircraft carrier USS Lexington, also sunk during World War II.
Advertisement
The expedition team says in a statement it first identified the USS Juneau on Saturday using sonar technology and used a remotely operated underwater vehicle to verify the wreckage on Sunday.
Sussex is the 2017 2nd XI T20 champions after beating Hampshire by 24 runs in the final at Arundel.
Batting first, Sussex posted a highly competitive 171-6 in their 20 overs. Luke Wells got the innings off to a flyer, with Harry Finch and Delray Rawlins maintaining momentum after that.
A fine bowling performance prevented any of the Hampshire batsmen from truly establishing themselves as wickets fell regularly and the run rate quickly grew.
Abi Sakande's three wickets included those of the experienced Jimmy Adams and Ian Holland in consecutive deliveries, while Adam Barton bowled brilliantly in conceding just nine runs from their three-and-a-half overs. It was Barton who took the final wicket as Jonty Jenner and Rawlins combined to pull off a stunning relay catch on the boundary and cap off a fielding performance of the highest order.
Earlier in the day, Sussex beat Lancashire in the semi-final. Restricting their opponents to 149-5, Sussex reached the target with four balls to spare thanks largely to a sublime 90 not out from 57 balls by Angus Robson.
Success on Finals Day for Sussex was the culmination of a T20 season in which they won ten of their 14 games, losing just three and tying the other.
Sussex coach Jason Swift said: ““It was extremely satisfying to see the team perform the way they did at Arundel. To reproduce the way they'd played all season in a Finals Day in front of a decent-sized crowd showed tremendous maturity for a young side.
“The boys came up against some very experienced professionals in the final and showed what a talented group they are. The team played brilliantly as a whole, but a special mention for Angus Robson for their 90 in the semi-final, as well as Luke Wells who got us off to a flyer in the final and Harry [Finch] and Delray [Rawlins] who then kept the momentum going.
“The bowlers never let Hampshire get on top. Adam Barton's spell was phenomenal and Abi [Sakande] had a huge influence on the match with their two wickets in two balls to get rid of Adams and Holland.”
Keith Greenfield, Sussex's director of cricket, added: “It's always nice when you win a 2nd XI competition with a team that is made up predominantly of home-grown talent of the right age who are hungry to improve. Congratulations to Jason and the team for an outstanding campaign.”
If you are a budding fan of music, listen to enigmatic tracks of Hybrid Global at SoundCloud. Their music is your first step towards becoming a die-heart of Hip Hop.
End
-- Hybrid Global on SounCloud is the one-stop solution for all those who are waiting to experience a true hip hop magic. Founded in 2009, initially this hip hop band included the American rockstar Roni Raxx, who was later joined by another American rapper Polo Meezy. Since then the duo rocked the hip hop genre with their contemporary styles, witty lyrics and out-of-the-world rhythmic tempos in soundcloud. Lately, another breathtaking performer named Gatsby Thrash has joined the group and since then it has taken the hip hop era to the next level. The unbeatable fan following, subscribers of this incredible band are depicted in Sound Cloud.This amazing band came into notice in 2009 when it began its journey in collaboration with Hybrid Entertainment which is a promotional and broadcasting agency specializing in media, fashion and wholesale marketing. It is then, when Hybrid Global began buzzing in SoundCloud. The USP of their creation is the perfect combination of humorous lyrics powered with feet-tapping rhythm.Speaking of the extremely talented trio Raxx, Meezy and Thrash, each of their tracks has a story to tell! Amongst many of their mega hit numbers, Meezy is known for theirs is mixtape albums Fresh Fly High Vol – 1 and 2". This rock star from Minnesota is truly getting in wanna-be list of hip hop fans. Their flamboyant attitude and grooving rhythm are just what a hip hop lover envies. On the other hand, they must-listen tracks of the Virginian rapper includes "No Way Out" is getting globally acclaimed. Last but not the least, Thrash with their opening tracks" Weight of the World" and "Cracked the seal" has successfully created the hip hop fever amongst theirs fans.For witnessing this amazing trio in Hybrid Global, log in to SoundCloud right now. Get lost in the hypnotic world of Hip Hop.To listen the music, Please click the following link: https://soundcloud.com/ hybrid_global
Katch Me, the newest and hottest online women's clothing store is pleased to present their latest range of fashion clothing. This budding fashion retailers offer eye-catching and head-turning outfits which are a must-have in every wardrobe. The collection is inspired by none other than the star studded fashion weeks, social media and the celebrity styling. For those who want to explore the fashion styles for any or every occasion, this is the right place to be. Be it fashionable work wear or cute dresses, party night dresses or summer clothing; one will not go empty-handed from this store.
Rise to the Occasion with the exclusive collection of party dresses, prom dresses, evening dresses and bodycon dresses available in beautiful patterns and exquisite silhouettes. The store features the perfect outfits for those who want to feel like being the hottest version of themselves. All those busy girls can cover up cute and can jump right into the jumpsuits and playsuits because morning dressing just got a lot easier. The store offers every reason for the wardrobes to be upgraded and why not because it is not just fashion clothing but cheap clothing too. Each and every piece is inspired by the latest fashion trends and the divas flaunting them in style. Katch Me is a store for people who want to make a trend and not follow a trend. It is a store for women who want a personal yet diversified look.
To browse through the extensive range of women's clothes, party dresses, prom dresses, bodycon dresses, evening dresses, crop tops and a wide range of cheap clothes visit https://www.katchme.com/
About Katch Me:
Katch Me, https://www.katchme.com/ based at Manchester, UK is an online fashion store for women. The store offers trendy clothing for women, which includes dresses, tops, bottom wear, outer wear and more.
Contact:
Chloe
Company: Katch Me Limited
Address: Westerdale House, Harthill Street, Manchester, M88AG, UK
Email: social@katchme.com
Website: https://www.katchme.com/
Dallas Stars center Tyler Pitlick, right, passes the puck while under pressure from Anaheim Ducks center Rickard Rakell during the second period of an NHL hockey game Friday, April 6, 2018, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Throughout the offseason, SportsDay's Mike Heika will be breaking down members of the 2017-18 Stars. To see more players, click this link.
Tyler Pitlick
Did you know: Pitlick played parts of four seasons with Oklahoma City in the AHL when they were in the Oilers organization.
What they did well: They were a really solid linemate for Radek Faksa and a consistent performer after missing parts of previous seasons with several different injuries.
What they didn't do well: They were a streaky scorer and had some big droughts during the season. Their worst came when they tallied six goals and no assists over a 29-game stretch in the middle of the season.
Season recap: Pitlick was one of the good additions in the offseason, as the Stars signed the injury-prone winger to a three-year deal for just $1 million a season. Pitlick rewarded Dallas by playing 80 games, earning a spot on Radek Faksa's right wing and tallying 27 points (14 goals, 13 assists) while averaging 13:41 in ice time. They also are fifth in hits with 122 and finished plus-9 in plus-minus.
Season grade: A-
Future outlook/future with Stars: The Stars picked up a gem who was a very young UFA, and they hope they can be a part of a solid future. Pitlick is fast, doesn't mind hitting and can score the occasional goal.  They are a versatile player for the new coaching staff, although the guess is they will get the chance to play with Faksa again next season.
Turkey says its military troops and pro-Ankara forces do not plan to remain in Syria's Afrin as occupiers after they ousted Kurdish militants from the northern city, insisting that Ankara will leave the region to its “real owners.”
Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag made the promise on Monday, a day after Turkish soldiers, backed by members of the so-called Free Syrian Army (FSA) militia, captured the city from the grips of the Kurdish militants, particularly those of the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG).
They added that there was no plan to remain in the city, even as officials warned the offensive could expand eastwards.
Ankara waged the so-called Operation Olive Branch against the YPG, perceived by the Turkish government as the Syrian offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) “terrorist” group, in the volatile region of Afrin in January 20, and has said that the full-scale offensive could extend to Manbij and beyond.
“As we said, we will not permanently stay there, nor are we occupiers,” Bozdag told reporters in televised comments in Istanbul, alleging that the objective of Operation Olive Branch was to restore peace, security and stability to the region and leave it to its “real owners.”
The capture of Afrin is seen a major step forwards for Ankara as it seeks to bolster its control along the border in the northern parts of the Arab country.
Meanwhile, AFP correspondents and the so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) reported that Turkey-backed FSA militiamen have reportedly gone on a rampage in Afrin, pillaging shops and homes after capturing the city on Sunday.
The FSA members broke into shops, restaurants and houses and left with foodstuff, electronic equipment, blankets and other goods, the AFP reporters said.
The UK-based monitor group also said that Turkey's Syrian allies “have begun pillaging private property, political and military sites and shops.”
Operation Olive Branch is Turkey's second major military intervention in Syria during the unprecedented foreign-backed militancy that broke out in 2011.
In August 2016, Turkey began a unilateral military intervention in northern Syria, code-named Operation Euphrates Shield, sending tanks and warplanes across the border. Ankara claimed that its military campaign was aimed at pushing the Daesh Takfiri terrorist group from Turkey's border with Syria and stopping the advance of Kurdish militants, who were themselves fighting Daesh.
Turkey ended its campaign in northern Syria in March 2017, but at the time did not rule out the possibility of yet another military offensive inside the Arab country.
Syria has been gripped by foreign-backed militancy since March 2011. The Syrian government says the Israeli regime and its Western and regional allies are aiding Takfiri terrorist groups that are wreaking havoc in the country.
Ms Donaldson said Labor's $1.16 billion Powering Queensland Plan had helped stabilise prices, delivered jobs and investment and was leading the transition to a clean energy future.
MEMBER for Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson has hit back at claims their government has turned its back on Bundaberg residents in their fight for cheaper power prices.
Yesterday it was revealed the State Government has partnered with Perth-based company Alinta to reduce power costs for consumers in Energex distribution areas.
Bundaberg, however, will miss out on the 25% reduction on offer for new customers, which caused an outcry from the LNP and Member for Burnett Stephen Bennett.
Ms Donaldson said Labor's $1.16 billion Powering Queensland Plan had helped stabilise prices, delivered jobs and investment and was leading the transition to a clean energy future.
"There are currently 17 large-scale renewable projects financially committed in Queensland - 15 under construction right now. Once operational these projects will increase competition and put downward pressure on prices,” they said.
Key elements of the plan include $770 million to lower the cost of the Solar Bonus Scheme, the establishment of a taskforce to implement outcomes of the Finkel Review, and the potential restructure of government-owned corporation generators and establishment of a Clean Energy Corporation, among other initiatives.
"The government is spending $488 million on its uniform tariff policy, a community service obligation to maintain price parity between south-east Queensland and regional communities,” Ms Donaldson said.
"I also encourage Queenslanders to check their eligibility to a range of concessions and rebates, including the increased $340.85 annual electricity bill rebate.”
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act' - do you know who did it?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global SAR Measurement System Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report SPEAG, Microwave Vision Group, ART-Fi, IndexSAR, TDK RF Solutions Inc.
The report begins with introducing the global SAR Measurement System market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in SAR Measurement System report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sar-measurement-system-market/5931/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
SAR Measurement System Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Traditional SAR Measurement System, Fast SAR Measurement System.
SAR Measurement System Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Test Labs, Wireless Companies, Others.
Key points in the SAR Measurement System Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sar-measurement-system-market/5931/#inquiry
From all of this SAR Measurement System market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following SAR Measurement System market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and SAR Measurement System distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Calls have been made for safety improvements at a “notorious accident blackspot” after a 50-year-old man was killed in a three-vehicle crash yesterday.
The victim has been named by police as 50-year-old Gary Wilson from the Lisburn area.
Mr Wilson was the driver of one of the vehicles involved in the crash at the junction of Old Ballynahinch Road and Comber Road, on the outskirts of Lisburn, which happened shortly before 7am.
Three ambulance crews were dispatched and a doctor also attended the scene.
Firefighters used specialist cutting equipment to free Mr Wilson, who was trapped in one of the vehicles.
Tragically, they were confirmed dead at the scene.
Lagan Valley MLA Edwin Poots, who lives close to the scene of yesterday's crash, said it happened at a “notorious accident blackspot”.
They added: “Sadly, this is not the first death to have happened at this junction. It is a particularly fast section of road and the sight lines are not the best.
“Some improvements have been made by Roads Service in the past, but more needs to be done.
“My thoughts and prayers are with this man's family.”
DUP Councillor Uel Mackin said: “We don't know exactly what caused this crash as yet, but this is a very dangerous junction.
“There have been a series of accidents and sadly some fatalities at this blind crossroads over recent years and myself and my colleagues have been lobbying for safety improvements to be carried out.”
Tributes have been paid to Mr Wilson on social media.
It is understood Mr Wilson's son, also called Gary, plays for Lisburn-based amateur football club Warren Young Men.
In a post on Facebook, FC United Lisburn said: “The management committee and players send our condolences to Gary Wilson and the entire family circle on the passing of Gary's father”.
Mr Wilson's death was the third to happen on Northern Ireland's roads since Friday.
A 66-year-old man died following a two-vehicle crash in Newry on Sunday afternoon.
The fatal collision, involving a motorcycle and a Land Rover Discovery SUV towing a caravan, happened on the Warrenpoint Road shortly before 12.30pm.
On Friday, three-year-old Christopher Ward died after being struck by a vehicle in Bessbrook, Co Armagh.
Guitar being the coolest musical instrument is said to have most beautiful sound amongst all and it beauty amplifies with "Gibson" which gives a classy and intricate looks.
Media Contact
Paul Duan
786-275-6700
***@miami-guitars.com Paul Duan786-275-6700
End
-- This category of guitars falls under the most beautifully crafted ones and are known worldwide for its humbucker pickups giving a gorgeous, thick and rich sound. They cut out destructive and increases constructive interference producing a beautiful sound to noise ratio. Being ranked among the elite in the music world since 1902, Gibson's contributions to music industry for popular sound has always been simply unmeasurable and unparallel. Gibson has seen the inception of every kind of music like folk, country, jazz, and blues, to the birth of rock and roll and beyond,, and still continues to lead the way into uncharted musical territory. It's a trusted brand for world's most beloved and revered musicians, artists from all over the musical spectrum, including Chuck Berry, Marc Bolan, The Edge, Angus Young, Johnny Thunders, Dave Davies as well as a slew of others adores it sound making a guitar for every type of player. From a seasoned veteran or a first time buyer; an acoustic troubadour or a hard rock hero, Gibson is the first choice, but the million dollar question is whether to go for an acoustic guitar or an electric one, and then check out our top sellers to get a better idea of which guitar is perfect for you.Hummingbird Pro Cutaway Acoustic-Electric Guitar or the J-45 Standard Acoustic-Electric Guitar are amongst the most popular for the ones who love to follow an acoustic route with its incredible tone offering plug in options for playing in larger venues. An electric guitar is apt for music enthusiast who are more interested in the raw power like the ES-335 Dot Plain-top Electric Guitar, or the Les Paul Traditional Pro II '60s Neck Electric Guitar which are loaded with powerful pickups that can unleash some serious riffs, regardless of your playing style. All routes will offer you with the most musical journey, so just pick one up today and feel the real you. Here's a spoof of all kinds of Gibson Guitars:They are mainly of three kinds: acoustic, bass, and electric, amongst which electric is most famous; however, our store also has a range of acoustic guitars and bass guitars.This is little less popular than the others, but still many players like to play or collect vintage acoustic guitars, believing in old quote of "Old is Gold" that produces better sounds than modern ones. Some of the collection in our outlet are:Gibson Advanced Jumbo , which is a flat-top guitar with rosewood backs and sides and an Adirondack spruce soundboard. Gibson B series, Hummingbird, a popular one with square-shoulder dreadnought, with a Sitka spruce top, and mahogany back and sides coming in a variety of colors, and different variations have been released over the years, Dove which is louder, brighter guitar compared to the Hummingbird with its varying versions Dove Performer, the Doves in Flight,, and the Elvis Presley Dove.Besides these, Gibson guitars Miami has other models and series of acoustic guitars, including the Chet Atkins SST,, the J series, and the L series. Range of bass guitars like Les Paul bass,, the Thunderbird models, and the Victory models are our heritage products. In gibson's collection of electric guitars, the most popular are: Gibson Les Paul, Gibson SG, the Gibson ES-335, and the Gibson EDS-1275. For further details visit at https://www.miami- guitars.com/ category/acoustics/ gibson/ Gretsch Guitar Miami is another kind which has left its significance among musicians untouched and Gretsch G5034TFT Rancher SVS 6-String Electro Acoustic Guitar is one such example with its distinctive Rancher models ever and a beautiful Savannah Sunset gloss finish. For further details visit at https://www.miami- guitars.com/ category/acoustics/ gretsch/
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's players have returned to Bodymoor Heath for pre-season training as preparations begin for a third assault on the Championship.
Villa's first two cracks at promotion have ended unsuccessfully with the latest blow arriving in devastating fashion at Wembley in May.
Steve Bruce will be glad to return to Villa's pristine training pitches and momentarily escape the frustrations of the transfer window.
A lot of those frustrations will need to be solved on the training ground this summer with Tony Xia unable to wave their cheque book around.
With that in mind, Bruce must use the next few days/weeks wisely.
Identify the kids
It's our understanding that Bruce will find room in their first team for some of Villa's most talented youngsters following cuts to the playing staff.
Callum O'Hare and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy made seven Championship appearances off the bench last season, but Bruce will have to use them more regularly next term.
O'Hare will miss pre-season through injury but Hepburn-Murphy is fit and raring to go following an injury-ravaged beginning to the 2017/18 campaign.
Bruce will take a closer look at the likes of Mitch Clark and Jake Doyle-Hayes to see if they can also make the jump.
Communication strategy
Steve Round's exit hasn't come as a great shock but what it has done is leave Bruce in a prickly predicament.
The manager's two main allies in terms of transfers, Round and CEO Keith Wyness, are no longer at the club.
Wyness and Round acted as Bruce's go-between to Xia. Bruce and Xia now need to form a clear path of communication, whether that's done directly or through the owner's personal assistant Rongtian He.
Take a look at Elphick
Replacing John Terry is a primary concern for Bruce this summer and Tommy Elphick appears to be the favourite for the role.
Former skipper Elphick played just three Championship matches last season before they were shipped out to Reading in January.
Reading is eager to sign Elphick permanently but Bruce wants another look at the centre-back who impressed with dominant displays against Middlesbrough and Bristol City over Christmas.
Elphick will want to be assured of their place in Villa's first team before committing, though. The former Bournemouth defender is wary of wasting further time stagnating on the bench.
Bruce has previously sounded out German defender Robert Huth, but Elphick will be first to stake their claim to replace Terry.
Solving the McCormack riddle
Bruce isn't Ross McCormack's biggest fan, that much is obvious. But a club in Villa's situation cannot afford to cast aside a £12million striker earning in excess of £40,000 per week.
The striker flourished during a stint on loan with Melbourne City last season and fired 14 goals in 17 matches - but Bruce had no interest in reintegrating them upon their return to the Second City in January.
With the club in the midst of a promotion battle at the time that was understandable, but Bruce can't freeze them out forever.
A solution needs to be found this summer which is in Villa's best interests. Does Bruce persevere with the forward and let bygones be bygones or do they find a way to get them off the books?
(Image: Neville Williams/Aston Villa FC via Getty Images)
Key meetings
Meetings with the club's hierarchy won't be Bruce's only set of crunch talks this week. The Geordie needs to sit down with several key players and let them know where they stand.
Jack Grealish is expected to leave this summer and Bruce needs to find out where the Solihull-born playmaker sees their future so a resolution can be found quickly.
James Chester is another player whose future has been the subject of speculation. The Wales international is among Villa's most saleable assets and Stoke City and Brighton are keeping tabs on him.
From $24.99 to &16.92! Get your BreezPro Fidget Spinner today!
Contact
G&H Global LLC
Tom Huston
***@breezpro.com G&H Global LLCTom Huston
End
-- G&H Global LLC, the company behind various well-loved brands, has recently launched another exciting product with the new BreezPro Fidget Spinner. "It is an amazing feeling that we are finally able to share this toy, this tool, to everyone" the company's marketing manager, Tom Huston, said during a brief conference. They also added "and we are calling out to adults, kids, mothers, wives, husbands, fathers, friends and family to try it and experience the wonders of it. Especially now that we are offering it in a much cheaper price!"Introduced in colors of black and white, with extra pair of caps and a stylish protective tin can, the BreezPro has a listing price of $24.99. It is equipped with only the highest quality Silicon Nitride (Si3N4) hybrid ceramic bearing which gives it a super speed, smoother and longer spin time compared to most fidget spinners available in the market today. It is made with a solid ABS plastic frame, giving it a finer finish and a comfortable feel in the hands. Guaranteed silent, durable, convenient, and effective in relieving stress and enhancing focus, this sensory-motor toy is fast becoming a necessity.In addition, the tri-spinner has an average spin time of 2 minutes and can even last up to 3 minutes depending on the power used. Several studies have also proven its capability to enhance the performance of individuals with ADD, ADHD and Autism. And, for a limited time, customer's may purchase this fidget toy ( https://www.amazon.com/ dp/B06XBB98WK ) for only $16.92."It is our means to welcome everyone into trying out the new BreezPro Fidget Spinner ( https://www.amazon.com/ dp/B06XB9CMRH )" Huston said regarding their company's Grand Opening Sale. And they were quick to remind "but unfortunately, it does not last forever." The said sale is set to end on April 30, 2017 and customers are invited to take the opportunity before it's too late."There is no better deal than what we are offering today" Huston was quoted saying. "So hurry!"
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Rumor claims Apple wants to build an ecosystem of devices around its currently iPad-only Smart Connector tech. What is Smart Connector, what can it do, and what's next for the tech?
Joining the dots
Apple introduced its Smart Connector interface when it launched its iPad Pro range in September 2015.
It's a magnetic connection that provides data transfer and bi-directional power to a third-party accessory. What's nice about the interconnect is that it recognizes and provides for an accessory almost instantly once the device and peripheral are magnetically docked.
Glancing through a wedge of US Patent Office filings we learn that the first related patents for the Apple technology in around 2015. It seems probable Apple truly began working on the connection before then, perhaps bringing some ideas from the popular MagSafe power interface previously used in some Macs.
Smart Connector is used with the Apple Smart Keyboard. There are two non-Apple accessories, both available from Logitech, the CREATE Keyboard and LOGI Base charging dock. That's a situation Apple apparently wants to change.
The Logitech connection
Logitech and Apple worked together to bring the Creation and Base products to market, but it appears the partnership failed to ignite other third-party manufacturers to get involved in the task.
I'm speculating, but I think this likely reflects the limited palette of peripherals you actually need with an iPad – when Apple and Logitech both make useful keyboards the market for third parties is made considerably smaller.
While it makes sense to imagine a MIDI keyboard for musical projects, and forms of external memory device, the size of the iPad Pro market is relatively small, which maximizes potential risk. Apple hasn't told us how many iPad Pros it has sold, but had shifted an estimated 360 million iPads as of Q2 2017. It sold c.11.4 million units of all its iPad products in Q3 2017.
“With an iPad Pro keyboard on the market already, we are evaluating the market's appetite for another iPad Pro keyboard and identifying if there are any gaps that we can fill,” Incipio spokesperson, Kelly McElroy told Fast Company.
Apple apparently says “multiple companies” are developing these accessories at this time.
Why?
Manufacturers wishing to use the Smart Connector in their accessories must join Apple's Made for iPad scheme to access the hardware and engineering information they need.
The scheme provides testing tools, product certification, proprietary hardware, technical information and support. To participate in the scheme manufacturers must pay a royalty rate (which Apple has not disclosed). Royalty fees and the relatively small installed base of iPad Pro users mean the market just isn't that attractive to hardware makers, particularly at this period of relative economic and social instability.
There is another limitation: The proprietary hardware.
To manufacture devices with the technology it is necessary to purchase certain components from Apple or a named partner firm.
Fast Company claims production of these parts is slow, citing one maker who claimed a six-month wait for parts, which impacts device development schedules.
What next?
Apple has put cool I/O technologies inside its products before. Its history is scattered with interconnect technologies it has championed, including lamented MagSafe and award-winning FireWire.
Given the risks and cost of MFI, many manufacturers prefer to provide Bluetooth or Wi-Fi-based solutions. Not only are such accessories intrinsically compatible with any Wi-Fi or Bluetooth-enabled system, but they also get to avoid paying Apple a royalty or purchasing expensive components.
To convince manufacturers that there is a good business case in the provision of Smart Connector accessories, Apple will have to incentivize them. How can it do this?
Widen the market: There are conflicting rumors that Apple plans to introduce Smart Connector in future iPhones.
There are conflicting rumors that Apple plans to introduce Smart Connector in future iPhones. Create uniqueness: Wireless power, additional features and unique technology propositions may become key to success with the tech. Would HomeKit integration via Smart Connector to an iOS device enable enough security for next-generation smart alarm systems? Does Apple intend making the connection an integral part of its future wireless charging technologies?
Wireless power, additional features and unique technology propositions may become key to success with the tech. Would HomeKit integration via Smart Connector to an iOS device enable enough security for next-generation smart alarm systems? Does Apple intend making the connection an integral part of its future wireless charging technologies? Beyond consumer markets : Apple may also be able to expand the reach of Smart Connector tech by putting a little focus into how it may be used to support smart enterprise deployments, such as connected industrial or logistics systems.
: Apple may also be able to expand the reach of Smart Connector tech by putting a little focus into how it may be used to support smart enterprise deployments, such as connected industrial or logistics systems. Make it a standard: There is one last possibility: Figuring out how to make Smart Connector an open standard -- how popular would this become? The market would decide.
Can Apple achieve this?
That's hard to say, but it seems pretty clear that part of any effort to nurture more use of the tech by third party makers involves a need to widen the addressable market.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story?Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.
“True inspiration” Liz Dawn shone with generosity and humour as they went from humble working class roots to become a “national icon”, mourners at the much-loved soap actor's funeral heard.
Stars of Coronation Street past and present joined their family and friends to pay their respects at Salford Cathedral to the 77-year-old, who played the part of battleaxe Vera Duckworth on the Weatherfield cobbles for 34 years.
Sally Dynevor and Michael LeVell arriving at Salford Cathedral for the funeral service of Coronation Street actor Liz Dawn. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Friday October 6, 2017. A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with their family around them See PA story FUNERAL Dawn. Photo credit should read: Peter Byrne/PA Wire
Dawn shone in their role as the wife of henpecked husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, as the duo endeared themselves to millions of Corrie's fans.
They had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema in 2001 and was written out of the show in 2008 at their request.
Dawn - real name Sylvia Ann Ibbetson - died peacefully last month but the congregation was told by their son Graham that the family only learned recently that medics did not think in 2001 they would survive beyond five years.
Cast members Samia Longchambon (Maria Connor) and Alan Halsall (Tyrone Dobbs) delivered a joint tribute to Dawn at the Requiem Mass and both had to comfort each other at times as they recalled when they had joined the cast as teenagers and entered the turbulent world of Jack and Vera.
A private committal followed the cathedral service.
KAPUSKASING -
Two men, including a former chief administrative officer for the Town of Kapuskasing, are accused of bilking the municipality of $800,000.
According to a release issued Friday afternoon by the James Bay detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police, on June 6, 2017, the Crime Unit of the Kapuskasing area OPP commenced an investigation into allegations of fraud involving two males in the Town of Kapuskasing.
“Police investigation revealed that between September 2014 and February 2015, a male from the Town of Kapuskasing as well as the owner of a solar panel company contracted by the Town of Kapuskasing, defrauded the town of approximately $800 000,” police stated in its release.
OPP Anti-Rackets Branch (ARB) and OPP Aviation Services, using their Unmanned Aerial System, assisted with this investigation.
Yvan Brousseau, 64, from Crysler, has been charged with Fraud Over $5,000 contrary to section 380(1)(a) of the Criminal Code of Canada (CC) and Breach of Trust by a Public Officer contrary to section 122 CC.
During the period police allege the offense occurred, Brousseau held the position of chief executive officer of Énergie Kapuskasing Energy, which was wholly owned by the town.
The municipally owned company had two divisions, one based on solar generation, the other on hydroelectric power production. At the time of Brousseau's appointment, it was anticipated Énergie Kapuskasing Energy would be a big revenue generator for the town.
The co-accused is Karl Hollett, 54 years of age, from Napanee, has been charged with Fraud Over $5,000 contrary to section 380(1)(a) CC.
Hollett was the chief executive officer of Strathcona Energy Group, a Napanee-based solar product manufacturing company that declared bankruptcy in July 2017.
Both accused individuals have been released and are scheduled to appear at the Ontario Court of Justice in Kapuskasing on March 19.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF)– Homelessness is a nationwide issue, even right here in the CSRA.
Officials told us the number of homeless people in Augusta is drastically higher than the number of shelters available. When many think of a homeless person, oftentimes, a man pushing a buggy comes to mind, but in reality, that is not always the case. Many homeless people go unnoticed: Like a mother and their children who I spoke with Monday.
“It's a little bit of hopelessness, a little bit of helplessness,” a homeless mother, who wishes to remain anonymous said. They have been jumping from house to house for the past six months. While working two jobs, they fell behind on rent and was evicted.
“There were no available spots for simply homeless people and families in the Augusta area,” They explained.
They aren't the only mom in Augusta facing this issue.
Renee Reynolds has opened and operated several homeless homes throughout the past six years. They said you generally won't see homeless women and children walking the streets.
“They're going to be more invisible,” Reynolds told me. “They are the invisible population for homelessness.”
Reynolds explained most homeless moms are not going to sleep under a bridge with their kids– they'll just jump from house to house or sleep in a car.
“As a parent with children in the school system, you want to be as stable and project as much stability as possible so that your children aren't taken,” Shawn Edwards with Housing and Community Development said.
They explained HUD requires cities to perform a point in time count each year– a rough number of homeless people in a city. 2017's January count shows 246 people experience homelessness each night in the Garden City, but Edwards tells me that number is never exact because only the people who are physically seen are included.
“Most people in America, I don't care what their house looks like, or what kind of car they drive, are one paycheck away from losing their place to live,” Reynolds admitted.
“From my experience, I know these days are only for a season,” the homeless mother expressed. “The most important thing in my opinion is to make sure your children know you love them and are doing the best you can.”
Edwards told me their team is already working to bring faith-based organizations and the nonprofit community together to lower the homeless number in 2018.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby man who helped an injured person to safety before phoning an ambulance has said they were left disgusted at how people ignored them before their arrival.
Michael Sapsford helped a man who appeared to be in significant discomfort on the ground at Spider Island in Allenton. But this was after several people stepped over them and others paid them no attention.
The incident happened in broad daylight between 12.30pm and 1pm on Thursday (February 1).
The 32-year and father-of-one was walking along Harvey Road when they spotted the man, who was wearing a baseball cap at the time, on their knees next to a lamppost. The man was mumbling.
When Mr Sapsford, who works as a forklift truck driver, approached them they found they had a cut to their head and immediately laid them on the floor before phoning for an ambulance.
Once Mr Sapsford was helping the man, other people then came to help. One offered them a towel.
But Mr Sapsford, who lives in Allenton, said they were incensed by the fact that around 20 people did nothing.
They said: "I'm disgusted that there were so many people who just stepped over them or ignored him. To be honest, it makes me ashamed to be from the area. They looked to be in some distress and needed help.
(Image: Michael Sapsford)
"If it was a member of my family I certainly hope there would have been someone to help them or them and they were not ignored.
"I could not smell any alcohol on them whatsoever so I don't think they were drunk. They had a can of coke in their pocket.
"There were people who helped give towels and such but that was only after I started showing some care and attention towards him."
Mr Sapsford took to their Facebook page to tell their friends what happened. The post has been shared far and wide and earned them huge praise from the community.
One comment said: "Thank goodness for people like you. And my sentiments exactly, even if they had been on drugs how anybody can walk on by and not do anything is saddening in the world we live in today.
"Hope the guy is ok. You have restored my faith in humanity."
And another said: "What a very kind man to do something like that, this kind of thing very rarely happens these days so well done and I hope the injured man makes a speedy recovery."
Mr Sapsford said the man's family in touch with them later in the day and thanked them for what they had done.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Steelhead trout, members of the salmon family that live and grow in the Pacific Ocean, genetically adapted to the freshwater environment of Lake Michigan in less than 120 years, according to new research.
Steelhead were intentionally introduced into Lake Michigan in the late 1800s in order to bolster recreational and commercial fisheries. In their native range, which extends from California to Russia, steelhead hatch in freshwater rivers, migrate to the ocean, and return too freshwater to spawn. This migration allows steelhead to feed in the ocean, where they can grow larger and produce more eggs than if they remained in freshwater streams for their entire lives.
The steelhead introduced into Lake Michigan continue to spawn in small freshwater tributaries and streams, but now treat the entirely freshwater habitat of the Great Lakes as a surrogate ocean. After their introduction into Lake Michigan, steelhead began to naturally reproduce and established self-sustaining populations throughout the Great Lakes.
To examine how these fish adapted to this novel environment, Mark Christie, an assistant professor of biological sciences at Purdue University, led a team that sequenced the complete genomes of 264 fish. The team then compared steelhead from Lake Michigan to those from their ancestral range, searching for outlier regions associated with genetic adaptation.
The research, which appears in the journal Molecular Ecology, found that regions of three chromosomes in steelhead evolved after they were introduced in Lake Michigan, offering insight into how this ocean-migrating fish adapted to an entirely freshwater environment.
Two of the three regions on chromosomes that experienced genetic changes are critical to the process that maintains salt and ion balance across membranes in the body, known as osmoregulation. Freshwater fish actively take in ions from their environments to compensate for salts lost via passive diffusion, while saltwater fish expel ions to compensate for the uptake of salts into their bodies. These changes to regions of chromosomes that affect how this process works help explain how steelhead have survived in an entirely freshwater environment.
The third region that changed is involved in metabolism and wound-healing. This adaptation might have allowed steelhead to take advantage of alternative prey or allocate additional resources to activity in their new environment, according to the study.
Alternatively, this region might have adapted as a response to a novel threat: parasitic sea lamprey. These parasitic creatures were unintentionally introduced to Lake Michigan in the 1930s. They latch onto fish like leeches and leave large wounds, often killing large numbers of the fish they prey on.
“If you think about having an open wound in saltwater versus freshwater, the effects are more severe in freshwater because cells can rupture at a faster rate. It makes sense that steelhead might want to counteract those effects more quickly or do it in different ways,” says Janna Willoughby, a postdoctoral researcher at Purdue and coauthor of the study.
“Furthermore, parasitic lamprey occur in really high densities in the Great Lakes but rarely interact with steelhead in their native range—meaning that they may simply be a strong selective force.”
The study also found that genetic diversity was much lower in steelhead in the new environment than fish from their native range. This reduced genetic diversity, sometimes called a founder effect, is common when a new colony is started by only a few members of the original population.
“Even if you have a reduced population due to an introduction event or founder effect, populations still adapt to changing environmental conditions,” says Christie. “Figuring out which populations can adapt and why remains a pressing question, particularly in the face of climate change and other conservation issues.”
Researchers from Oregon State University and Michigan State University collaborated with researchers from Purdue University on this study. Purdue provided funding for the work.
Source: Purdue University
No. 16 Arizona State got a combined 72 points, 14 assists and nine steals from their three-headed monster of Tra Holder, Shannon Evans and Remy Martin as the Sun Devils went into Phog Allen Fieldhouse and handed Kansas their second-straight loss, 95-85. ASU went on an 18-0 second half run to turn a 52-47 deficit into an 65-52 lead they would never relinquish.
It's the first time since Dec. 2013, when Kansas lost to Colorado and Florida in back-to-back road games, that the No. 2-ranked Jayhawks lost two in a row. The difference, of course, is that neither of these losses came on the road; Kansas was beaten by Washington in Kansas City on Wednesday.
Arizona State now owns wins at Kansas and over St. John's and No. 14 Xavier on a neutral floor. They were, without a doubt, the favorite to win the Pac-12 title at this point. They are probably the best team on the west coast, and there is a valid argument to rank them as the No. 1 team in the country.
Here are four things to take away from this result:
1. YES, WE CAN RANK ARIZONA STATE NO. 1 IN THE COUNTRY
I probably won't be the guy to do that, not when Villanova and Michigan State still exist, but there is more than enough reason to do so.
Namely: their wins.
Is there a program in the country that has put together a better trio of wins than at Kansas, Xavier on a neutral and St. John's on a neutral? The Sun Devils also own wins over San Diego State and Kansas State, and perhaps the most impressive part of it is that each of those wins, with the exception of Kansas State, came by double-digits. They put up 102 points on Xavier despite trailing by 15 in the first half. They put up 95 points on Kansas despite trailing by 13 in the first half.
If you're the kind of person that does your rankings based totally on the rèsumè that a team has produced – a completely valid way to rank – then putting Arizona State at No. 1 makes total sense.
So don't be surprised when they get some of them in this week's AP poll.
2. ARIZONA STATE'S ACHILLES' HEEL IS NOT THREES, IT'S DEFENSE
One idea that I've seen bandied about is that Arizona State's performance early on this season is something of a mirage. These guards, as talented as they are, are just tough-shot makers that are running hot right now, and there might be something to that. I'm not going to pretend that shooting 14-for-28 from three at Phog Allen Fieldhouse or 13-for-27 from three against Xavier is the kind of thing that is going to happen every single time that Arizona State plays this season, but I also don't think that's why their offense has been so successful this season.
The Sun Devils get to the line more than just about any other team in the country; Cal St.-Fullerton is the only program with a higher free throw rate than the Sun Devils. That has everything to do with the ability of Evans, Holder and Martin to put the ball on the floor and get into the paint. It's why they get to the line so often, and it's why Romello White gets to the line so often.
That is sustainable, more so than shooting nearly-50 percent from three is.
What may not be sustainable, however, is winning games like this while posting a sub-150 adjusted defensive efficiency on KenPom. That's where Arizona State has problems they need to solve. We saw it on Sunday, as Kansas had a never-ending parade of dunks. Ironically, what may have ended up being the difference is the fact that the Sun Devils had a handful of run-out layups – pick-six turnovers, if you will.
Bobby Hurley's team allowed 1.39 points-per-possession on possessions where Kansas did not turn the ball over. That, quite simply, has to improve if you assume that Arizona State doesn't shoot 50 percent from three every night.
3. KANSAS DESPERATELY NEEDS THEIR REINFORCEMENTS
We talk about it over and over again, but it's the truth. Right now, Kansas goes seven-deep. One of those seven is Mitch Lightfoot, a 6-foot-9 back-up center that is the only big man on the Kansas roster not named Udoka Azubuike. He's fine as a back-up. He's not fine as a guy that is going to have to provide 15-18 minutes a night as the only big man on the floor. They don't provide rim protection. They don't provide post scoring. He's not a great rebounder. They can commit five fouls and Bill Self some time with Azubuike on the bench. That's it.
They need Silvio De Souza to get their test score and enroll early. They need to find a way to get Billy Preston cleared to play this season. If they don't, we probably need to start entertaining the idea that this might be the Kansas team that sees their Big 12 title streak come to an end.
The other issue is that the only other player on the KU bench is Marcus Garrett, who is a first-year student that doesn't quite seem ready for the minutes he's getting. Malik Newman has not been as good as advertised this season, and on Sunday, Svi Mykhailiuk reverted back to the Svi Mykhailiuk of the last three years. What that means is that …
4. … KANSAS HAS ONE GUY THAT CAN CREATE FOR HIMSELF RIGHT NOW
And I'm not quite sure when that is going to change.
I just don't think Newman is all that good. Svi is at their best as a spot-up shooter and a guy that attacks close-outs. Garrett, as of now, cannot be relied upon, and I'm not convinced that Sam Cunliffe or Lagerald Vick are guys that can be more than finishers; at the rim, as a spot-up shooter, etc.
Even Azubuike is someone that has to more or less rely on getting the ball in a position where all they have to do is catch it and dunk it.
That's a massive burden to ask Devonte' Graham to carry, especially when they have to do so while playing every second.
By Martin Kielty
The British singer wonders if the world political situation are designed to “crush” young people.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
Desert Cove Manor Apartments | Phoenix, AZ
End
-- ABI Multifamily, the Western US's leading multifamily brokerage and advisory services firm, is pleased to announce the $1,850,000 / $71,154 Per Unit sale of the Desert Cove Manor Apartments, a 26-unit apartment community located in Phoenix, Arizona. The property is a two-story apartment community, built of frame/stucco construction in 1983 and rests on 1.15 acres. The property features all (26) 2-bed/1-bath units with an average size of 756 square feet. Each unit is individually metered for electricity and property features a pool and laundry facilities."The Seller has owned the property since the early 1990s," states Nathan Bruer who along with Ryan Smith, Vice Presidents at ABI, represented the Seller. According to Ryan Smith, "The Buyer saw a great opportunity to purchase a non-rehabbed property with substantial upside in rents through renovations and in an area where there is significant demand."The Seller was a private investor based in California.The Buyer was a private investor based in California.The Phoenix based ABI Multifamily brokerage team of Nathan Bruer, Ryan Smith, John Klocek, Patrick Burch and Royce Munroe represented the Seller in this transaction.ABI Multifamily ( http://www.abimultifamily.com ) is a brokerage and advisory services firm that focuses exclusively on apartment investment transactions. The experienced advisors at ABI Multifamily have completed billions of dollars in sales and thousands of individual multifamily transactions. ABI Multifamily incorporates a global approach with regional real estate expertise to successfully complete any multifamily transaction, regardless of size and complexity.
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room. (Black Press files)
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery, B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix says.
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures, due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities.
“I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain, in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them,” Dix said. “This is something we need to address, and that is why we are taking action today.”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C., Dix said. Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks.
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks, followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region.
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19.
“Recognizing those with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy and autism, need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue,” said Faith Bodnar, executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C.
Airbus is well-known for setting some pretty ambitious goals. In early 2017, for example, company CEO Tom Enders promised to show off the company's first flying car by the end of the year. While they missed this target, the company's Vahana team has now managed to launch their first drone taxi, dubbed the Alpha One.
The Alpha One was able to reach a maximum height of 16ft while remaining in the air for a full 53 seconds before needing to "descend safely." The company notes the Alpha One was fully self-piloted and able to complete a second (presumably similar) flight the following day.
53 seconds of flight time may not seem like much compared to what other similar companies have accomplished in the past but it's still a significant milestone for Airbus. The company calls the test flight a "historic accomplishment," saying the full Vahana team was present to witness it.
While the Alpha One doesn't look anything like the flying car renderings provided by Airbus early on, the drone does look considerably more practical and achievable in the short term. The company will likely conduct several more Alpha One test flights over the coming weeks and months, further refining their design to allow for longer flight times and a higher maximum height.
Abrahaminte Santhathikal In Tamil Nadu
Abrahaminte Santhathikal made a release in the rest of the parts of the country, a week later on June 22, 2018. The film also released in a good number of screens in Tamil Nadu and was all set for a grand run.
The Box Office Collections
Mammootty is a well-known figure in Tamil Nadu and Abrahaminte Santhathikal, with the backing of extremely good reviews, had a grand start. According to a report by Metromatinee, the film has fetched 33.48 Lakhs from 10 days of its run in Tamil Nadu.
Overtakes Sudani From Nigeria & Aadhi
The report also suggests that Abrahaminte Santhathikal has already overtaken the total collections of Sudani From Nigeria and Aadhi, in Tamil Nadu. Reportedly, these films had collected 31.9 Lakhs from the Tamil Nadu Box Office.
At The First Two Spots
The report by Metromatinee also has added that the top grossing Malayalam movies of 2018 in Tamil Nadu at present is the Dileep starrer Kammara Sambhavam, which fetched approximately 48.12 Lakhs in its final run. At the second spot is the Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude, which collected 42.52 Lakhs.
Will Abrahaminte Santhathikal Be The Top Grosser?
Going by the above report, Abrahaminte Santhathikal is at the third spot at present. The film is still continuing its run in the theatres across Tamil Nadu and there are high chances for the movie to grab the top spot. Let us wait and see.
It was the summer of 2012 when I made a seemingly innocent decision that would have a greater impact on my life than I ever anticipated. After returning from a trip to the Caribbean in which I thoroughly enjoyed being “disconnected,” I chose to deactivate my Facebook account. I had maintained a daily presence on the social network since joining in 2005, but after seven years the site barely resembled what I had signed up for.
Simply put, I was no longer interested in participating (or so I thought).
In 2012 I wrote an article about leaving the platform. There was no single “event” that prompted my decision to say goodbye. Instead, it was multiple nagging factors that sent me packing. Ironically enough, it's been the accumulation of several small things in subsequent years that has me questioning whether or not abandoning the social network was the brilliant idea I once thought it was.
But first let me step back and reflect on how Facebook has evolved.
Editor's Note: This feature was originally published on June 4, 2017. We've bumped it considering recent events involving Facebook, data mining, and the inherent privacy concerns.
Today's Facebook
Despite its grassroots beginnings, modern Facebook is a huge corporation whose goal is to make money, primarily by showing you ads. Whereas the original Facebook was designed to help college kids keep in touch, the platform we know today wears a variety of hats. It's a multi-purpose network where people share stories and photos with friends and family, gather news, follow celebrities, sell goods and services, watch viral videos, play games, and more.
These days (...) you'll field some pretty weird looks when someone learns you don't maintain a profile.
It also gives the average Joe a voice and is a dream come true for advertisers, marketers and brands as those that can successfully leverage the platform will no doubt have an advantage over the competition.
In short, Facebook is nothing like it was when I joined.
It may sound as though I'm bitter about what the site has become but that's not the case at all. I applaud Mark Zuckerberg for what he's created, how they have successfully grown Facebook from a hobby into a powerhouse of a technology brand, an umbrella for other huge networks on its own right like Instagram and WhatsApp, and their plan to use their fortune to better humanity.
Indeed, my disdain for Facebook lies not in the product but within myself.
Life
Over the span of the past five years, I met my girlfriend (now fiancé), went on an epic holiday vacation, bought a vehicle, purchased my first home, battled kidney stones (twice!) and dealt with the unexpected losses of both my father and one of my best friends just one year apart.
Needless to say, a lot of life has happened since I quit Facebook.
I mention this because, unlike many people that use Facebook or other social media platforms to share life events, only my closest friends and family are aware of the milestones and tribulations I've experienced during the last half decade.
We are social beings. Sharing life's ups and downs as they come is ingrained in our DNA. In a world where Facebook is so prevalent, purposefully excluding yourself from that sort of social interaction – modern-day isolation, I'd call it – will wear on you no matter how tough or stone-faced you pretend to be (unless perhaps you are a true sociopath).
Attention
One of the greatest things about being a formative teenager is just how little you really know about the world around you. Sure, you think you've got everything figured out but the truth is, most people know very little about how things work at such a young age and that's a beautiful thing. It's this youthful ignorance – and one aspect of it, specifically – that fueled many of the memories I cherish to this very day.
At some point shortly after leaving Facebook, I became acutely aware of one of life's biggest motivators (or pitfalls, depending on how you look at it). It's something that affects virtually every aspect of our daily lives yet pretty much everyone is oblivious to it. I'm of course referring to attention.
It sounds conspicuous when said out loud but seriously, think about everything you've purchased or done in your personal life – the expensive outfits, that $60,000 pickup truck that's never been off the beaten path, the PC build that is total overkill both in terms of hardware and looks, that six-bedroom house in the ritzy part of town when it's just you and your spouse, cruising around the strip mall with the windows down and the stereo cranked to 11 – and ask, “Was that motivated by a desire for attention?”
If you're being honest with yourself, the answer to that question will be a resounding “yes” almost every time. The content you see on Facebook is no different.
Since breaking from Facebook, I've almost instinctively come to resent the notion of drawing attention to one's self. I now find that I view most things through this “judgment lens” and even go out of my way to not do or say things in my daily life that could be perceived by others as attention-seeking.
I don't think that's very healthy and it's not very fun. Quite frankly, things were a lot more enjoyable when I was oblivious to the fact that I was doing things largely for attention. As they say, ignorance truly is bliss.
Overcrowding
Even as Facebook approached a billion users, I never imagined it would become the global phenomenon it is today. It used to be rare – and eventually, uncommon – to meet someone in real life that also had a Facebook account. These days, it's the exact opposite as you'll field some pretty weird looks when someone learns you don't maintain a profile.
Facebook's extraordinary growth has been great for business but that doesn't mean it's an all-around win for everyone.
While it's easy to recognize the benefits of having a wealth of users on the platform, the fact that there are more fish in the proverbial pond makes it harder for individuals to stand out and get the attention they subconsciously desire. Allow me to explain.
Shortly after signing up for Facebook many years ago, I purchased my first DSLR camera and quickly contracted the photography bug. It wasn't uncommon at the time for me to spend hours shooting around campus or while out with friends then go home, curate the best shots and post them to Facebook.
The positive comments I'd receive fed my passion (ego) and kept me clicking but in hindsight, I realized my photos largely stood out because few people had dedicated digital cameras, phone cameras were still a rare gimmick and there simply weren't very many people on Facebook at the time. That latter fact meant that a larger percentage of my Facebook friends were seeing my posts (today, an algorithm decides how much weight a post has and how many of your friends see it).
For better or for worse, Facebook has changed how we communicate as a society.
These days, I suspect it'd be much more difficult to gain any sort of meaningful following with my photography. Everyone has a camera-equipped smartphone and with Facebook being such a valuable economic tool, virtually every amateur and professional photographer now has a presence on social media.
Without somewhere to share my photos and the realization that they wouldn't get as much attention as before, my passion for the hobby subsided and played a role in my decision to part ways with most of my gear.
Missing Out
My mother used to have this goofy saying about being lonely, something to the effect of “feeling like The Lone Ranger.” I never paid much attention to it as a kid but after being away from Facebook for so long, it resonates with me.
For better or for worse, Facebook has changed how we communicate as a society. For many, it has replaced the occasional face-to-face meet-ups, phone calls, e-mails and text messages. I've found that withdrawing your name from Facebook's massive public directory has a similar effect to deleting your entry from the phone book / Rolodex / e-mail address book / smartphone contact list of others.
People aren't going to simply forget that you exist overnight but in time, it's inevitable that you're going to fall out of touch with folks. This can be lessened but you have to make a faithful effort to reach out and inject yourself into the realms of others. Otherwise, what I've experienced is that people will go on about their lives with the friends and family surrounding them on Facebook and you'll slowly fall by the wayside.
It's worth pointing out that this is a two-way street. Not only will you miss out on sharing life events with friends and family, you should also expect to be omitted from their happenings. From major moments like child births and weddings to daily affairs, everything is fair game as I've found out.
I'm dropping the hammer pretty hard on Facebook but I should note that my experience away from the site hasn't been a total drag.
With fewer distractions, I've been able to devote more time to my career. This, in turn, has allowed me to tighten down my budget, focus on hitting specific goals and steer my finances in the proper direction. I've also had the freedom to explore other hobbies and interests without feeling as though I constantly have to impress or compete with others.
There was also an air of arrogance I exuded when I first left Facebook, as if I was “better” than others because I had the willpower to “resist” the urge to be on the site...
An Imminent Return?
I've contemplated returning to Facebook on more than one occasion in hopes of patching the void its absence has created but as with any complex matter, there's not really a one-size-fits-all solution. By that, I simply mean that rejoining would introduce a whole new set of issues, many of which were directly responsible for me leaving to begin with.
Aside from the addictive nature of constantly checking my phone for updates and what I found when I did (political rants, relationship drama, religious preaching, poor grammar, general idiocy, and so on), maintaining my Facebook account ate up a substantial amount of time each and every day. For someone like me that values efficiency and time management, voluntarily dropping an atom bomb on personal productivity isn't terribly appealing.
What's more, the fact that Facebook remains a heavily curated highlight reel that's rarely reflective of one's actual life can't be masked. Although there is some “real life” peppered in, expecting an authentic look into someone's life isn't a realistic expectation when everyone is playing the comparison game.
I do believe, however, that Facebook would be a different experience this time around. With more people having accounts than ever before, I think its use today would feel like more of a way of life than an addiction or habit. The site has permeated so many aspects of modern society that it has become the de facto method of communication for millions upon millions of people.
There was also an air of arrogance I exuded when I first left Facebook, as if I was “better” than others because I had the willpower to “resist” the urge to be on the site. I wasn't a sheep, I told myself. That feeling has long since subsided but is worth mentioning as I think a lot of Facebook holdouts or those that have abandoned the site feel the same way (even if they won't admit it).
All things considered, I'm honestly not sure if I'll return or not. Part of what has kept me off for so long is my stubbornness to stick with my original decision. As odd as it sounds, I've dug my feet so deep into the sand that rejoining would somehow feel like admitting defeat.
That said, the advice I offered in my original piece stands. If the cost of Facebook has taken its toll on you, walk away and see what happens. Should you find that you're happier with a Facebook account, simply reactivate and carry on (or if the opposite is true, enjoy your disconnected life). Just don't be disillusioned by the fact that Facebook is free to join. Its use does come at a cost and it's up to you to both define it and decide whether the benefits outweigh the expense.
For now, I'm still weighing my options and trying to decide if I can get past the “attention” factor.
The Premier Volleyball League will hold a grand fans day and press conference on Friday at the Trinoma Mall Activity Center with all eight participating teams joining the one-day festivity that will usher in the league's second season.
Creamline's Alyssa Valdez, Pocari Sweat-Air Force's Myla Pablo, PayMaya's Grethcel Soltones, Tacloban Fighting Waray's Shola Alvarez and Perlas-BanKo's Amy Ahomiro head the roster of PVL stars gracing the event at 1 p.m.
Volley fans will also have a chance to meet and greet – and take selfies with their favorites players in the league where it all started. Fun activities and games are also in store for the fans.
The season-opening PVL Reinforced Conference will fire off May 6 at the Filoil Flying V Center in San Juan City.
“We invite our fans to come because they will get to see their favorite players and teams,” said Ricky Palou, president of the organizing Sports Vision.
ABS-CBN Integrated Sports head Dino Laurena will also attend the event.
Pocari Sweat-Air Force will have its hands full as it tries to defend its crown against a talent-laden field headed by Valdez and the Creamline Smashers, a loaded PayMaya squad mentored by Roger Gorayeb and Perlas-BanKo.
Other teams competing are Petro Gazz, Phl Navy-Iriga and Open Conference champion Bali Pure, which has tapped National U as its partner school.
After the meet-and-greet, a press conference will be held where players and coaches of all teams are expected to assess their respective chances in the upcoming tournament.
From Chula Vista to Oceanside, San Diego parents are reporting a jump in the incidence of head lice cases. As lice cases persist and are increasingly resistant to chemical lice treatments, LiceDoctors receives a record number of calls from this area.
Contact
Karen Sokoloff
***@aol.com Karen Sokoloff
End
-- LiceDoctors, the largest lice treatment service in the U.S, has treated 300,000 clients for head lice. This year, the company is seeing an increase in the incidence of head lice in several pockets of the population. According to owner, Wendy Beck, "Right now, San Diego and surrounding areas, are being hit hard with head lice. These bugs are very resilient and are easily passed from head to head particularly among children."Amy T. a parent in Poway recently called LiceDoctors to come to their home to treat themselves and their four children. "I had tried on my own for 3 weeks. I thought I could vanquish these creatures on my own with hard work but it was an exercise in futility. When I threw in the towel and called a professional service I learned why I was being defeated. First of all the chemicals really don't work. The lice are immune to them and the chemicals can't get through the shell of the egg to kill the bug inside. Second, I really could not distinguish a louse egg from debris in the hair, especially since they camouflage in the hair. This comes under the category of life is too short...too short to spin my wheels on this uphill battle. LiceDoctors came and they knew what they were doing, and I obviously did not."According to Beck, a study last year at Southern Illinois University conducted by Dr. Yoon confirmed what LiceDoctors had known for years: chemicals simply don't work as lice have mutated in the majority of states and are now "super lice" or resistent to chemical treatments. "We have gone to thousands of homes and have seen children with tons of bugs in their hair AFTER having used chemical treatments. It is very disturbing to us because children are being exposed needlessly to chemicals that may very well be harmful and they don't even work" reported Beck.LiceDoctors makes house calls in the San Diego area in the North County Coastal Region including Carlsbad, Oceanside, Rancho Santa Fe, and others. They take care of families in North County Inland Region including Escondido, Poway, and San Marcos and in the East County Inland Region including El Cajon, Hillcrest, and Jamul, and others.In South Bay, the company makes house calls to Chula Vista, Coronado, and Imperial Beach and others. All families in the San Diego area are eligible for treatment from LiceDoctors.House calls are available day and night, 365 days a year. LiceDoctors is the only head lice company in California with a medical doctor on staff. The company may be reached at http://www.licedoctors.com/ california/san- diego-lice-trea... or by phone at 858-939-9202
A section of the A45 has been closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car.
Police, fire and ambulance were called to the A45 between the B663 at Raunds and the A14 at Thrapston at 1.35pm today (Wednesday).
A tweet posted by Highways England said: “#A45 #Northamptonshire is currently closed eastbound between the B663 #Raunds and the #A14 #Thrapston due to a serious collision.
“@NorthantsPolice on scene with emergency services.
“Expect delays.”
A spokesperson for Northants Police said a lorry and a car were involved and one person has been taken to hospital, although their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.
The spokesperson added that they hope to have the road re-opened shortly.
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall.
A spokesperson for the Met office said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday.
"This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon, pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning."
CTV Vancouver
Pre-sale homes in Vancouver's red-hot housing market attract attention from far beyond the city limits, and even overseas – but a new proposal from Mayor Gregor Robertson would give locals a leg up on the competition.
On Friday, Robertson announced he's pushing for a policy that would let people who already live in Vancouver get first dibs on new pre-sales.
"I regularly hear stories about people who work in Vancouver, but are forced to move elsewhere in the region because they can't find a place to live," Robertson said in a news release.
"At a time when we are seeing record levels of housing construction, local residents should be able to get the first shot at purchasing a home in new developments.”
The details haven't been worked out, but a similar program was implemented in West Vancouver last year. A Westbank condo development was marketed exclusively to locals for 30 days, then opened up to residents from across Metro Vancouver for the following 60 days.
Buyers also had to sign a declaration promising to live in the unit and not flip it for a profit.
According to the mayor's office, Robertson will be introducing a motion next week directing staff to craft a policy framework for prioritizing pre-sales for Vancouverites.
The framework would be due back by the end of November.
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, speaks with youths during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
PARIS Two polls on Friday showed centrist Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidential runoff with less than 60 percent of votes, as the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen slightly gained ground since the start of the week.
A BVA poll for Orange and Presse Regionale, carried out online on April 26-28, saw Macron on 59 percent versus 41 percent for Le Pen.
With turnout expected to be key to how well Le Pen does, the survey also showed that 73 to 78 of those polled expected to vote on May 7.
Separately, an Odoxa survey of voter intentions released on Friday showed Macron's share of the vote at 59 percent, down four percentage points from its previous survey.
Macron slipped below 60 percent for the first time since March 17 in a daily Presitrack poll produced by pollsters Opinionway and published on Thursday.
(Reporting Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
Kyle Edmund saw off Davis Cup teammate Dan Evans in straight sets in the first round of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Edmund, ranked one place below Evans at 45 in the world, recovered from a slow start to win 7-5 6-1, BBC reported.
The 22-year-old from Yorkshire, who rates clay as their favorite surface, will play nine-time Monte Carlo champion Rafael Nadal in round two.
Andy Murray, who watched compatriots Edmund and Evans from courtside, plays their opening match tomorrow.
The world number one will take on Luxembourg's Gilles Muller or Tommy Robredo of Spain.
Edmund and Evans were Davis Cup teammates in Britain's quarterfinal defeat by France earlier this month, but were pitted against each other for the first time on the ATP Tour in Monte Carlo.
The surface made the big-hitting Edmund a heavy favorite against Evans, who has just two main draw wins to their name on the surface.
However, Edmund opened with two double faults and looked nervous, slipping 4-1 down as Evans capitalized on the errors.
The 26-year-old from Birmingham could not maintain their advantage though, with Edmund fighting back to claim the set with the seventh break of serve in 12 games.
Edmund had to save break points again at the start of the second but, despite some wayward smashes, went on to dominate, sealing it with an ace after one hour and 20 minutes.
Andy Murray, who watched compatriots Edmund and Evans from courtside, plays their opening match tomorrow.
The world number one will take on Luxembourg's Gilles Muller or Tommy Robredo of Spain.
Novak Djokovic will also return to the tour at the Monte Carlo Masters this week after recovering from elbow injuries.
Djokovic, ranked second, said they "feels great" after coming back with a win in the Davis Cup last week.
Like Murray, the Serb missed last month's Miami Masters will play their first clay-court match of the year when they take on Frenchman Gilles Simon.
SUMMER SURF GIRL: Gemma Henricksen will ditch the boardies for a frock at the last fundraising event for Summer Surf Girl this Saturday.
SWAPPING the boardies for an elegant dress this weekend Summer Surf Girl Gemma Henricksen will be dressed to the nines to raise money to save lives.
Miss Henricksen said fundraising for the Bundaberg Surf Lifesaving Club as part of the Summer Surf Girl had been a long but worthwhile journey.
They started fundraising in October last year and had already reached their target of $10,000 and said any extra donations would come in handy.
The community can take the chance to help, and what better excuse to dress up, on Saturday at the Summer Surf Girl Black and White Cocktail Ball at Brothers Sports Club.
The money will help purchase new rescue equipment for local beaches.
"All the money raised stays here at the Bundaberg Surf Life Saving Club,” they said.
"Because the club is run off donations it will help keep the beach safe.
"I've had a lot of support from the community already and am very thankful.”
Miss Henricksen joined the club 18 year ago as a nipper before becoming a volunteer patrolling member when they were 14.
This is the 24-year-old's last fundraising event for the Queensland program which has injected more than $15.7m into surf life saving clubs throughout the state since 1964.
The ball will start at 6pm at the Brother Sports Club with entertainment by Matt Morrall and silent auction and raffles.
Tickets are $50 each with a complimentary drink on arrival, they are still available and can be purchase at Brothers Sports Club or online at http://bit.ly/2nQAfU2.
As Wellington's marketing team claim the capital is a better city than Auckland, Travel Editor (and Hurricanes-supporting Aucklander) Winston Aldworth looks at the pair from a tourism perspective.
WEATHER
Wellington: It's true: You can't beat Wellington on a good day! It's the other 364 days of the year that are problematic. 4/10
Auckland: Nestled on the edge of the subtropics and the sub-Antarctic, Auckland gets its fair share of squalls, but it can reasonably claim to have easier winters, better summers and fewer screaming weatherbombs. 7/10
Advertisement
Verdict: Easy points for the Queen City. AUCKLAND
MUSEUMS
Wellington: Te Papa – likened to a pinball arcade, the national museum still gets it just right for the big events and exhibitions. 8/10
Auckland: A more classical environment, but still with modern flourishes and a noisy pit for the kids. More could be made of the city's links with Polynesia and how come there's not a vast room of Sir Edmund Hillary artefacts? 6/10
Verdict: Very much a case of old school versus new school, with the new taking the edge. WELLINGTON
A Malaysian tourist battles with their umbrella while on the Mt Victoria lookout as a storm front descends on Wellington. 18 January 2017 New Zealand Herald photograph by Mark Mitchell
MAUNGA
Wellington: Mt Victoria offers nice views, but there's not much else. 7/10
Auckland: From Mt Eden, to Maungakiekie, Mt Albert and beyond – the big town has the bigger views and the recent emphasis on walking up the slopes is a fabulous development. 9/10
Verdict: Points to the north. AUCKLAND
WEIRD TOURIST ODDITY
Wellington: The cable car serves no discernable purpose (yet people still ride the thing). It's a clanking reminder not so much of Wellington's rich urban heritage, as their eagerness to cling to urban heritage. 6/10
Auckland: The Sky Tower is, by the standard of weird buildings sitting on top of ugly casinos, kind of beautiful. It also has the X-factor of being the thing you subconsciously look for as your plane nears home at the end of a long trip. Nice restaurants around it, too. 8/10
Verdict: A towering victory. AUCKLAND
Wellington, on a good day. Photo / Getty Images
BEACHES
Wellington: Oriental Parade and the misleadingly titled Scorching Bay are pretty enough, and local surfers like Lyall Bay. But with icy chill in the waters, this is never going to be a capital strong suit. 5/10
Auckland: This should be an easy one for Auckland – with gems like Cheltenham and Pt Chevalier near the CBD, and Piha an hour's drive away. But when beautiful beaches are so easily fouled by raw poo leaking into the ocean, points are lost. 7/10
Verdict: Auckland, hindered by its incontinence problem, should have won by more. AUCKLAND
RESTAURANTS
Wellington: The annual Wellington on a Plate festival does a great job of promoting the capital's culinary charms. It's long been a treasure trove for lovers of good Malaysian food. 8/10
Auckland: Viva restaurant reviewer Jesse Mulligan says: "No New Zealand city can compare with Auckland's size, talent, and economic heft. But a handful of Wellington restaurants are as good as anything further north (or indeed overseas). I'd take Wellington for a week, Auckland for a lifetime of good eating." 9/10
Verdict: A victory to dine out on for the northern capital. AUCKLAND
CAFES
Wellington: If Wellingtonians didn't invent the flat white, they certainly invented the art of claiming they invented the flat white. 9/10
Auckland: There is gold to be found among the cafes of Auckland - the city was recently named as one of the three greatest coffee towns in the world by Lonely Planet. But there are some too-hot-flat-white shockers, as well. 8/10
Verdict: This is one where, over many generations, the rough weather of Wellington has given the city's inhabitants the edge. You'd rather be inside perfecting a good coffee than outside chasing your umbrella. WELLINGTON
AIRPORTS
Wellington: A beautiful building, shame we can't fly longhaul from there. 6/10
Auckland: The rebuild drags on and the traffic can be a nightmare, but at least proper planes can land here and there are nice harbour views. 6/10
Verdict: Honours even, in a category Auckland should dominate. DRAW
THE HOBBIT FACTOR
Wellington: Infested with Tolkien-themed merchandise. 3/10
Auckland: One of the few places in New Zealand that is mercifully free of Hobbiternalia. 8/10
Verdict: No nasty hobbitses here. AUCKLAND
A giant eagle sculpture designed by Weta Workshop in Wellington Airport.
HOTELS
Wellington: They've got a QT hotel and the new Sofitel is nice, but they're short of a proper five-star pad. 6/10
Auckland: There are some nice properties here, but the big city is still short of beds and there are too many commercial digs, not enough boutique. 6/10
Verdict: A mixed bag. DRAW
New Zealand All Blacks captain Richie McCaw in action at Eden Park in the 2011 Rugby World Cup. Photo / Brett Phibbs
SPORT
Wellington: Close to town but the wrong shape for rugby, the Cake Tin is, nonetheless, a gazillion times better than watching anything at Eden Park. 7/10
Auckland: This is the only population in the world daft enough to turn down an offer to have a waterfront stadium paid for by taxpayers from everywhere else. The only redeeming feature of Eden Park is that the All Blacks don't know how to lose there. 3/10
Verdict: Full credit to the opposition. WELLINGTON
Garage Project's beers. Photo / Dean Purcell
BEER
Wellington: If you like beer, get on a plane and fly to Wellington immediately. 10/10
Auckland: You've come a long way in the craft beer stakes, Auckland. But there's still a long way to go. 6/10
Verdict: Craft beer is still not quite a thing people travel for (compared with, say, wine), meaning the capital city's beer scene still feels suitable boutique and tucked away. We love it. WELLINGTON
TOTAL SCORE:
83-79. Nice try southerners, Auckland still has the edge.
Currently, we are bringing forth “International Conference on Clinical Diabetes, Diabetic Medication &Treatment” (Diabetes Medicare Conference) scheduled to be held during August 17-18, 2018 at Singapore.
Australia's Michael Matthews celebrates on the podium after the prologue, a 4km race against the clock at the 72th Tour de Romandie UCI ProTour in Fribourg, Switzerland.
Australia's Michael Matthews celebrates on the podium after the prologue, a 4km race against the clock at the 72th Tour de Romandie UCI ProTour in Fribourg, Switzerland. JEAN-CHRISTOPHE BOTT
AUSTRALIA'S Michael Matthews has won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue for their first victory of the season.
Matthews (Team Sunweb) was one second faster than Swiss rider Tom Bohli (BMC Racing) in the 4km time trial around Fribourg, with Slovenia's Primoz Roglic third and fellow Australian Rohan Dennis (BMC) fourth.
Australian defending champion Richie Porte, riding for BMC, finished 18th, 14 seconds behind Matthews..
After a stellar 2017, when they won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher, 24-year-old Matthews had a relatively low-key European spring season after fracturing their shoulder in their first race.
Fifth placings at Milan-San Remo and last week's Fleche Wallone suggested they were finding form, and a late puncture cruelled their Amstel Gold race earlier this month.
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a "massive relief" to get their first win.
"I gave it my best and it was enough to get the win," Matthews said.
"It was a really beautiful course. In the recon I thought it was a maybe a little bit sketchy, but it was fine - I had a lot of fun out there today.
"I've always watched this race. I started in 2013 and got sick after the first time trial, so this is pretty much my first time in the Tour of Romandie and I'm stoked to get the win on the first stage."
The six-day race through Switzerland's French-speaking region continues with a 166-km ride from Fribourg to Delemont. It includes three category two climbs.
- AP
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17M73
— The man wanted in a Moncure shooting that injured another man was arrested early Wednesday morning in Chapel Hill after a lengthy manhunt.
Angel Soto, 28, was taken into custody just before 2 a.m. at the Pine Gate apartment complex, according to the Chatham County Sheriff's Office.
Kassidy Lowe was with Soto when they were arrested, and authorities said they will be questioned.
Authorities on Tuesday asked for the public's help in finding Soto after responding to a shooting in the 1100 block of Charlie Brooks Road in Moncure. Deputies found a man with a gunshot wound, who was later taken to the hospital.
The sheriff's office said Soto and Lowe left the scene of the shooting before law enforcement arrived. Authorities did not comment on the relationship between the two.
"We know they were all acquaintances, so this wasn't a stranger issue. We are concerned anytime someone's out there that feels the need to shoot someone else, so that's a big concern for us," they said. "We want to make sure that everyone involved is okay."
I've spent the past few days in Otago on tour, speaking at schools and community events about the topic of mental health.
At least I hope I have, because I'm actually writing this last Friday in preparation for going away for the talks.
If I don't end up there, it would be extremely unfortunate given that a) something bad has probably happened to stop me going, and b) I've just lied to you.
But, touch wood, let's work on the assumption that I've spent the past three days doing talks, and I've got a few more to do before heading home. It's probably fairly cold and extremely beautiful wherever I am right now.
Advertisement
Anyhow, my point is that I've probably been speaking in schools this week about mental health. So why? That is, aside from the obvious answer - that we are in the midst of a mental health crisis in New Zealand.
Those of you who know me know that my "story" is about cancer, not about mental health. You could argue that at times the two are intertwined.
But the bottom line is that I'm not professionally qualified to speak about mental health - I've got no degrees, I've done no studies, I've got no patients I treat.
So who would be reckless enough to let me loose in half a dozen schools?
The answer is fairly simple.
I'm there because I, like most people, have a story about mental health. Because I have faced depression before.
I'm there because I personally believe that we as a society all bear a shared responsibility to spread awareness of the issues being faced across our country in relation to mental health, and I believe the best way to do that is to talk about them.
I'm there because as a young man, as part of the demographic bearing much of the brunt of these numbers, I feel a personal responsibility to spread awareness about the horrendous statistics around youth suicide in New Zealand.
I'm there because I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it being our national shame, I'm sick of people not feeling able to speak up, I'm sick of people tearing others down when they need them most.
That is why I'm there, talking about stuff I don't necessarily even feel comfortable talking about.
The point of me speaking in these schools is to send a message - it's okay to talk about your mental health.
To say to young people, "Well, if I can come up here in front of your assembly and talk to all of you about my experiences with depression, then maybe mental illness isn't some big bad wolf to not be named. At the very least, it's certainly not the elephant in the room anymore. And hopefully, it's proof that if you need to talk about your own experiences with mental health, or if you need help, that you can reach out to someone around you."
And now what I've done is I've written it in the Herald. And if I can write it here where you're reading it now, then you can ask for help if you need it.
The power that mental illness holds over our society is in how long it can keep us silent. It is in how well it can isolate people from those around them.
Like a predator hunting, it isolates a member from the pack, and picks them off. Like a captor, its power is only limited by how effectively it can control us.
When people start to speak up about it, it becomes weaker and weaker. The shame and stigma fall away from it.
It can only survive in the darkness of the shadows, and when we shine a light on these issues through conversation, we take the sting out of them, and we can finally begin to save some lives and roll back some of these horrendous, nationally embarrassing statistics that are festering in our communities.
I've got massive respect for all those who have spoken up in recent times about their own experiences.
It seems like most weeks another Kiwi speaks up and speaks out.
Just the other week it was Zac Guildford and Zac Franich on The Inside Word, openly discussing the battles they've faced in their own heads. That's gutsy, big ups to them.
Sorry I'm late to the party, but here's me sticking my hand up.
If you've got a story to tell, maybe consider doing the same.
I am truly optimistic that this decade can be remembered for this change.
The '80s were Nuclear-Free New Zealand. The 2000s brought a burst of passion for environmental protection.
Let's do all we can to make sure the '10s will be defined by this in New Zealand - the first decade where we truly spoke up about mental health, lifted the stigma around mental illness, and in the process arrested the decline in mental health in our country.
We are on the forefront of that shift right here and now.
You're watching, reading, and listening to part of a societal shift that will be talked about for decades to come, all through the power of words.
WHERE TO GET HELP:
If you are worried about your or someone else's mental health, the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider. However, if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others, call 111.
If you need to talk to someone, the following free helplines operate 24/7:
DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757
LIFELINE: 0800 543 354
NEED TO TALK? Call or text 1737
SAMARITANS: 0800 726 666
YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633 or text 234
There are lots of places to get support. For others, click here.​
By Music News Group
Credit: P.R. BrownEvanescence will hit the road this fall on their Synthesis Live tour in support of their forthcoming album, Synthesis, which re-imagines songs from the band's discography with electronics and a full orchestra.
The outing begins October 14 in Las Vegas, and will conclude December 19 in Portland, Oregon. Pre-sales begin this Tuesday, August 15, while tickets will be available to the general public starting Friday, August 18. For all ticket info, visit Evanescence.com.
“This is a total passion project for me. There are so many layers in our music, underneath the huge drums and guitars,” says frontwoman Amy Lee. “This will be our first time touring with orchestra and I'm so excited to perform this way — really focus on the vocals, and the emotion and the story we've built over the years.”
The Synthesis album is due out in the fall, and will feature two brand-new songs along with the reworked tracks. As a preview, Evanescence will release the Synthesis version of their breakthrough hit “Bring Me to Life” on Friday.
Here are the Synthesis Live tour dates:
10/14 — Las Vegas, NV, The Pearl Concert Theater
10/15 — Los Angeles, CA, Greek Theatre
10/17 — Phoenix, AZ, Comerica Theatre
10/20 — Houston, TX, Revention Music Center
10/22 — Irving, TX, The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory
10/23 — New Orleans, LA, Mahalia Jackson Theater for the Performing Arts
10/25 — Nashville, TN, Ryman Auditorium
10/27 — Atlanta, GA, Chastain Park Amphitheatre
10/28 — Charlotte, NC, Ovens Auditorium
10/30 — Pittsburgh, PA, Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts
10/31 — Oxon Hill, MD, MGM National Harbor
11/2 — Upper Darby, PA, Tower Theater
11/3 — Mashantucket, CT, Foxwoods Resort Casino
11/5 — Boston, MA, Orpheum Theatre
11/7 — Bethlehem, PA, Sands Bethlehem Event Center
11/8 — Baltimore, MD, Hippodrome Theatre
11/10 — Brooklyn, NY, Kings Theatre
11/30 — Chicago, IL, Chicago Theatre
12/2 — Carmel, IN, The Palladium
12/5 — Minneapolis, MN, State Theatre
12/6 — Madison, WI, Orpheum Theatre
12/8 — Toronto, ON, Sony Centre for Performing Arts
12/9 — Windsor, ON, Caesar's Windsor
12/11 — Kansas City, MO, Kansas City Music Hall
12/13 — Denver, CO, Paramount Theatre
12/15 — Reno, NV, Grand Theatre at The Grand Sierra Resort
12/16 — San Francisco, CA, Masonic Auditorium
12/19 — Portland, OR, Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office needs help finding a robbery suspect.
Javari Isiah Felton is wanted for Armed Robbery. The incident happened at The Circle K at 3947 Harper Franklin Ave on May 29, 2018 just after 4 a.m. Felton was last seen fleeing the scene in a silver-colored mini-van with a missing a right front hubcap.
Felton is also possibly connected to Armed Robberies that occurred at Circle K Stores at 2631 Washington Rd and 2702 Wrightsboro Rd. Felton is known to put their hair into a ponytail. Felton's last known address is 205 Ellis St. Augusta, GA. 30901. They have active warrants on file.
Any information to help locate Felton, please contact the Richmond County Sheriff's Office: 706-821-1178 or 706-821-1080.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Have your say
A Kettering jazz pianist has just released their second CD.
‘Purple and Green' comprises five jazz numbers penned by Rachael Johnson for the Rachael Johnson Trio with Roger Inniss (bass guitar) and Joel Barford (drums).
L-R: Rachael Johnson with Steve O'Gorman (saxophone), Joel Barford (drums) and Roger Inniss (bass guitar).
Rachael, 27, hopes that this second CD of all original compositions will be a springboard to broaden their horizons and play at bigger events.
Speaking at Rockingham Park in Kettering yesterday (Sunday), where their jazz trio was joined by saxophonist Steve O'Gorman, they said: “I am looking out for management and an agent, and I want to do more festivals next year and
secure a local residency.
“Next year I hope to play at the Cheltenham, Upton, Pershore and Copenhagen Festivals.”
Rachael played at Copenhagen last year, and in July (2017) performed at the North Sea Jazz Festival at Rotterdam, Holland.
Musicians on the same North Sea bill included Jamiroquai, Van Morrison, McCoy Tyner and Erica Badu.
Rachael has also played at Ronnie Scott's in London at at the Cafe du Riviera 88 in Paris.
They were recently paid a superlative compliment by American jazz legend Herbie Hancock who heard them playing their 1973 jazz classic ‘Chameleon' on Youtube.
They were so taken with their interpretation they contacted them to say it was the best they had ever heard.
Rachael's jazz style is fluid and inventive, and underpinned by strong rhythmic discipline.
A jazz graduate at Middlesex University, they also play bass guitar and has played with with all combinations from solo to seven-piece jazz line-ups.
Them inspirations include Monty Alexander, Jamiroquai and Japanese band Soil and Pimp Sessions.
Revealing a wide interest in musical genres, they said: “As well as jazz I like grunge, old rock, progressive rock, new pop, funk and gospel.”
Talking about their new ‘Purple and Green' CD they said: “It's about nature and being free.
“It's a mix of old standards, swing, bossa nova, funk and groove.
“Purple and green are my favourite colours. “
Rachael, the daughter of jazz musician and teacher Dave Johnson, who has worked with countless top names in the music and TV world including Tommy Cooper and Frankie Howerd, added: “Everything I love seems to be purple or green, including food and fashion... and Wimbledon! We are a tennis family.”
Rachael is now working on new original tracks for their third CD.
Meanwhile their regular local gigs include the first Thursday of the month at Kettering's Aura cocktail bar (9-11pm), and the third Wednesday of the month at The Artichoke pub at Moulton.
‘Purple and Green' (£10) is available via www.rachaeljohnsonjazz.wixsite.com/piano.
To book Rachael visit the site or email rachaeljohnson@icloud.com
Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup Final.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 this afternoon.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first Stanley Cup Final victory in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped their energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1:59 to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
"We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team," Holtby said. "That's one of our strengths."
Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game drought with the eventual winning goal for the Caps, who rebounded from a ramshackle loss in the opener and handed the expansion Golden
Knights only their second home defeat — the first in regulation — in Vegas' nine postseason games.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic in the third period, even with lengthy man advantages.
Washington lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb. The Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
West Bromwich Albion 3 Hull City 1
In-form West Brom accepted Hull's gifts to pile more misery on the Tigers.
Chris Brunt and Gareth McAuley cashed in on errors before James Morrison clinched a 3-1 win for the Baggies at The Hawthorns.
Robert Snodgrass had given Hull a first-half lead, but the Tigers beat themselves during a second half littered with costly defensive mistakes.
Brunt and McAuley were gifted free headers and Mike Phelan's side are without a win in nine games and remain second bottom in the Premier League, three points from the safety line.
In contrast the upwardly mobile Baggies sit eighth, having won six of their last 10 outings to set their second-best points haul in the top flight after 20 games, 29.
It was a fine comeback after a first half which Hull dominated, despite having failed to win away in the league since August.
They defied expectations with a calm and collected start and Snodgrass' 13th-minute free kick, which Ben Foster spilled, threatened to bring the game to life.
Michael Dawson lashed a half volley wide after a corner had fallen kindly to them before Hull deservedly opened the scoring after 21 minutes.
Jake Livermore produced a brilliant 40-yard pass out wide to Ahmed Elmohamady, who in turn found the onrushing Snodgrass to slide in the visitors' first away league goal since October from eight yards.
It was deserved and Hull continued to look comfortable, with West Brom failing to match the heights which saw them earn a 2-1 win at Southampton on Saturday.
Rondon headed straight at David Marshall after 34 minutes, while Dieumerci Mbokani did the same at Foster four minutes later.
Albion, who also lost Jonny Evans to injury before the break, stuttered, but Matt Phillips did at least force a smart save from Marshall with a glancing header before Hull threatened again.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mbokani spotted Adama Diomande in the area, but McAuley produced a goal-saving challenge before the ball fell to Tom Huddlestone and Foster turned their drive wide.
Hull were good value for their lead at the break, but undid all their fine work with one piece of slack marking as the Baggies levelled just three minutes into the second half.
The Tigers had been defensively sound, but fell apart when they allowed Brunt to arrive unmarked and thump in a far post header from Phillips' corner.
It sparked a turnaround as the confidence ebbed away from the visitors and they were behind after 63 minutes after making another mess of a corner.
Phillips again delivered and McAuley rose from 10 yards to head goalward. They saw their effort blocked by Sam Clucas, but the midfielder was standing behind the line and video technology saw the goal awarded.
And it got worse for Hull 10 minutes later when they failed to deal with Hal Robson-Kanu's cross and Morrison's scuffed half-volley crept into the corner.
Dawson almost pulled a goal back when their header was saved by Foster, but Hull never looked like mounting a comeback.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) " Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following their red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Advertisement
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
They scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration " when they took their shirt off and flexed their muscles " earned them a yellow card.
Two minutes later, they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos Bengoetxea showed Ronaldo a second yellow for diving and sent them off.
Ronaldo raised their arms in disbelief before they stepped up to De Burgos and shoved them in the back with their right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that "light aggressions" defined as "pulling, pushing and shaking" of a referee are punished by suspensions of 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Mike Efford Landscape Art: orchestrations of color and rhythm.
Contact
Mike Efford
***@mikeefford.com Mike Efford
End
-- Artist Mike Efford has launched a new website featuring limited edition digital landscape art prints created with 3D animation software. Their flowing lines and bold rhythmic textures position them perfectly for cutting edge contemporary hotel rooms, especially those that show off beautiful natural views.Choice of art can play an important part in the quality of a hotel guests' experience.Digital landscape art prints add a flourish of the contemporary to a hotel design that is equally current. "Mine is a fresh take on the landscape; expressionistic, bold and graphic, and it works best in a more modernist environment"says Efford.Much landscape art displayed in hotels doesn't quite reach the full distance through art history and still retains some nostalgia. But Efford's landscape prints exhibit a rigorously current take on the art of landscape.The bold colors and lines derive from Efford's 23 year background using 3D animation software, and take the landscape into new artistic territory. Their work originates digitally, but is output into fine art limited edition prints, on Hahnemühle German etching paper, a traditional high quality archival paper."For hotel interior designs that need a bold, contemporary take on landscape art, these works are worth serious consideration"says Efford, who sees the link between hotel and art as a crowning finishing touch to a great hotel design.His work is showcased in a freshly-launched website: http://www.mikeefford.com
Scott McDermott, assistant professor of history at Albany State University in Georgia, provided the following commentary to Catholic News Service. As the country celebrates the Fourth of July, they look at what U.S. Catholics might learn today from the only Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence.
Scepter Press surprised me this year by reissuing my 2002 biography of Charles Carroll of Carrollton (1737-1832), the only Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence. While reviewing Carroll's long political career for the first time in a while, I realized that what I value in their political practice has changed as my understanding of the church's social teachings has developed. What might American Catholics learn in the year 2018 from the first important Catholic politician in the English-speaking portion of the future United States?
Find non-Catholic allies
Carroll and their cousin, Archbishop John Carroll of Baltimore, were largely responsible for Catholics obtaining freedom of worship in America. This would have been impossible had they not cultivated political alliances with sympathetic Protestants. Today, it is hard to imagine how Catholics could effectively promote a culture of life without the support of like-minded Protestants, Jews, and Muslims.
However, promote Catholic immigration
On the other hand, encouraging immigration from predominantly Catholic countries is an obvious way to guarantee the ongoing presence of Catholic values in the public square. Carroll's grandfather brought numerous Irish servants to Maryland; their father helped refugee Acadians when the English expelled them from Nova Scotia. Should we not look kindly on migrants from countries like Mexico, El Salvador and the Ivory Coast?
Don't retreat into enclaves
An interesting development in recent years has been the embrace by some faithful Catholics of a more wholistic lifestyle. These “crunchy” Catholics, as they've been called, have moved to farming communities; they grow their own food, educate their own children and generally avoid negative social trends. While this is in many ways a path of virtue, it should not lead to a total disengagement from the broader society. When James McHenry, disgusted with public life, retreated to the country, Carroll urged them to come out of retirement for the sake of the common good. “Life was given us — to live,” they counseled.
The job of laypeople is to transform society
In the years since the Second Vatican Council, many laypeople have taken on liturgical roles such as lector, cantor and extraordinary minister of holy Communion. While these activities are necessary and commendable, they should not serve as an excuse for neglecting lay people's most important vocation — bringing Christ into the wider world. “It belongs to the laity,” says the Vatican II document “Lumen Gentium,” “to seek the kingdom of God by engaging in temporal affairs and directing them according to God's will.” Charles Carroll embraced that calling fully.
Beware the demagogue
A striking political development of late is the resurgence, in both political parties, of the demagogue, who promises to address unmet needs of the people, but seems more intent on using popular support to gain absolute political power. Charles Carroll despised demagogues like Napoleon and worked to defeat that “mighty conqueror” and their “iron yoke.” Declining in 1828 to endorse another populist icon, Andrew Jackson, Carroll hoped that the presidency would go to “him whose measures will be solely directed to the public good.” Throughout their life Carroll upheld the rule of law against what I call in my book the “politics of will.” We should do the same.
The common good sometimes trumps individual rights
The Catholic political tradition has always recognized that the natural law — the law of God for human beings — implies the existence of the natural rights to life, liberty, and property. Today, when the state has the extraordinary power of modern technology at its disposal, it becomes even more important to defend the natural and civil rights of individuals. However, the tradition also holds that the common good of the whole people is the object of politics, and this must not be forgotten. Carroll was fond of quoting Cicero's maxim “salus populi suprema lex” — the well-being of the people is the supreme law. We should apply this Catholic precept to modern-day debates, for example over the meaning of the Second Amendment.
Don't be held hostage to one political party
Carroll made it clear that obtaining religious freedom for Catholics was their prime motivation for supporting the American Revolution. After the war, the Democratic-Republican party was decidedly more in favor of the separation of church and state — the only way for Catholics to enjoy freedom in the American context — than their rivals, the Federalists. But contrary to expectation, Carroll threw in their lot with the Federalist Party and its sizeable constituency of die-hard anti-Catholics. They embraced the challenge of persuading their fellow Federalists that Catholics deserved civil rights — and succeeded. Should we throw in our lot hastily with either party — and thus run the risk of being taken for granted? Or should we rather fight for Catholic social teaching, in its entirety, within both parties?
Don't throw in the towel
Despite their immense wealth, Charles Carroll of Carrollton had to overcome numerous challenges as they tried to promote the church's political teachings. They were born out of wedlock as a Catholic, subject to the severe penal laws directed against Catholics in Maryland and the British Empire as a whole. A lesser man would have been overcome by these obstacles, but Carroll persevered and rose to the pinnacle of political life in Maryland. Later, however, they were banished to the political wilderness when their Federalist Party was swept out of power in the elections of 1800. But in 1826, Carroll became the last surviving signer of the Declaration of Independence and a national icon, enjoying a sweet public vindication. When the political situation seems hopeless in our own time, we should think of Carroll's persistence. Even if we cannot persuade all our political opponents to see our point of view, we might be able to outlast them.
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
A suicide bomber targeted a voter registration center in a Shiite-dominated neighborhood in the west of Kabul, the Afghan capital, on April 22, leaving more than 50 people dead and around 120 wounded. The victims included women and children who were queuing to receive their voter identity cards ahead of the country's long delayed parliamentary elections.
Sunday's explosion is the latest in a series of violent attacks across Afghanistan targeting voter registration centers. Later the same day, the Taliban killed at least seven police officers who were guarding another voter registration center in the northwestern Badghis province.
Last week, gunmen targeted similar centers in two other Afghan provinces, killing two police officers in eastern Nangarhar and abducting five electoral employees and two police officers in central Ghor. Local government officials in Ghor have also confirmed that Taliban fighters set fire to the voter registration center.
Kabul resident Nazifa — who goes by one name like many other Afghans — was unharmed in Sunday's attack, but four members of their family were among the wounded. "What is our fault? Why are we being targeted? We just want to study and have a safe country," they told DW.
Watch video 01:22 Share Kabul suicide bomb attack Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2wTFR Bomb attack kills scores of people in Kabul
Thwarting voter turn out?
After repeated delays, Afghanistan's Independent Election Commission (IEC) is determined to hold parliamentary and district council elections in October.
Officials are therefore working toward registering 14 million voters and issuing around 10 million new identity cards by autumn. However, according to a member of the IEC, just over 291,000 people have reportedly been registered since the process began just over a week ago.
Experts warn that polling could be severely hindered by the Taliban and other insurgent groups that oppose the vote. These outfits targeted previous Afghan elections, but the upcoming elections could prove to be deadlier than anti-government insurgents have increased their clout in Afghanistan.
According to recent data released by the US government, "56 percent of the country's 407 districts are under Afghan government control, 30 percent are contested and 14 percent are under insurgent control." Now, Afghan security forces have also had to contend with the self-proclaimed "Islamic State" (IS) terror group that claimed responsibility for the attack in Kabul.
While IS does not control vast swathes of territory in the country, it is still capable of carrying out coordinated attacks in cities like Kabul, which could result in heavy casualties among people registering for vote.
Read more:
Why Central Asian states want peace with the Taliban
Pashtuns rise up against war, Taliban and Pakistani military
The Free and Fair Election Forum of Afghanistan (FEFA), which observes elections in the South Asian country, has warned that such security incidents could dramatically affect voter turnout. "What happened in Kabul and the attacks before that on polling centers in Ghor, Badghis, Baghlan and Nangarhar will dishearten Afghans and reduce turnout in the elections," Yusuf Rashid of FEFA told DW.
There are even deeper concerns about voter registration in the Afghan districts where the registration process has yet to start. The IEC is currently focusing on cities, which have already proven to be a challenge for the electoral body. The next step would be to move to the districts.
The IEC admits that over 900 voting centers are located in areas under Taliban control where, according to IEC officials, no votes will be cast. Furthermore, 3,000 other voting centers are facing security threats. Some observers, however, estimate these numbers to be much higher.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Militants target Kabul's safest area A massive truck bomb killed at least 90 people in the Afghan capital, Kabul, on May 31, 2017. The target of the attack was Kabul's heavily fortified diplomatic area in the "Green Zone." The German Embassy in the area was extensively damaged. No group claimed responsibility for the attack, but the Taliban and the "Islamic State" (IS) have staged large attacks in the city in the past.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan A long series of attacks The blast in Kabul's diplomatic enclave was the latest in a long line of attacks on the Afghan capital. Earlier in May, eight foreign soldiers were killed in a bomb attack claimed by IS. In March, insurgents attacked an Afghan military hospital in Kabul's diplomatic district, killing 38 people and injuring more than 70 others, mainly patients, doctors and nurses.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Spring offensive In April, Afghanistan's Taliban vowed to ramp up assaults on coalition and Afghan security forces, announcing the start of their annual spring offensive. The group said they were changing tactics for this year's operation, naming it "Operation Mansour" after the group's late leader who was killed in 2016 in a US drone strike.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Trump's Afghanistan policy US President Donald Trump has yet to announce their Afghanistan policy. Afghanistan expert Michael Kugleman told DW Trump's Afghanistan policy will in many ways be quite similar to that of the Obama administration. "Like Obama, Trump will likely also express support for the idea of reconciliation between the Taliban and the Afghan government," said Kugelman.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Afghan peace process But the Taliban have shown no interest in peace talks. Afghanistan observers say it is unlikely that the militant group will engage in any negotiations, as they currently have the upper hand on the battleground. The Taliban now control more Afghan districts than at any other time since 2001.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Pakistani support President Ghani said last year their country "no longer expects Pakistan to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table." Experts say Islamabad uses Taliban militants as a proxy force to counter Indian influence in Afghanistan. Former Pakistani Taliban spokesperson, Ehsanullah Ehsan (pictured), was recently captured and pardoned by Islamabad after they accused India of supporting the Taliban.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Role of the warlords Apart from the Taliban, the Afghan warlords excercise massive influence in the country. Earlier in May, Hizb-i-Islami leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar returned to Kabul after a 20-year exile to play an active role in Afghan politics. In September 2016, the Afghan government signed a deal with Hekmatyar in the hope that other warlords and militant groups would seek better ties with Kabul.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan Russian interest in Afghanistan Russia has increased its involvement in Afghanistan. Moscow had maintained an apparent distance from the Afghan conflict for many years, but a new geopolitical situation is emerging in the region, and it seems that Russia has decided not to remain "neutral" in the protracted conflict. In the past few months, Russia has hosted a number of Afghanistan conferences involving China, Pakistan and Iran.
The endless battle for power in Afghanistan An inefficient government In the midst of an endless battle for power, President Ghani's approval ratings continue to plummet. Rampant corruption in the Afghan government and a long tug-of-war within the US-brokered national unity government has had a negative impact on the government's efforts to eradicate terrorism. Author: Shamil Shams
A case of voter fatigue
Voter registration was alarmingly low even before Sunday's attack. The 2014 presidential elections — which pushed the country to the brink of another civil war as both top candidates claimed victory — previously harmed voter confidence in the conflict-stricken country.
"There is no interest in the elections. People will not vote because they do not trust the process," Kabul resident Ali Zafar told DW.
The last presidential elections in Afghanistan were also accompanied by allegations of widespread fraud, vote rigging and major irregularities, so much so that the IEC failed to determine the number of votes each candidate won in the runoff elections for weeks. The Afghan election saga only ended after the then US Secretary of State, John Kerry, visited Kabul and crafted a power-sharing deal between the two rivals for the Afghan presidency, Ashraf Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah.
All these incidents have led many Afghans to believe that their votes do not matter, which experts say could be another major reason for low voter registration numbers. "What did other elections give us? There is no trust in this process," Nazifa said.
However, IEC Chairman Abdul Badi Sayathas assured that their office will do all in its power to restore trust in the elections.
But as security threats continue, experts warn that distrust in the system and fear for their lives could hinder many Afghans from exercising their basic democratic right.
Additional reporting by Hussain Hamraz, DW's Kabul correspondent.
Investigators are working to determine whether there are any local victims
A former Santa Barbara resident was arrested this week in San Bernardino County on accusations that they sexually abused five children who live in Apple Valley, and authorities are investigating whether there are any victims in the South Coast area.
Paul Hultman, 56, of Apple Valley had ties to two Santa Barbara preschools until 2007, Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department spokesperson Kelly Hoover said.
They were previously married to the owner/licensee of both the Sherwood Montessori House of Children at 5070 Cathedral Oaks Road and the Sherwood Montessori School at 487 N. Turnpike Road.
Authorities responded to a disturbance call Sunday afternoon on Winnebago Road, where the parents of a girl confronted Hultman after finding out they had been sexually abuse by him, Hoover said.
Five other children in the neighborhood — including four girls ages 12 to 15 and an 8-year-old boy — told authorities that Hultman was sexually abusing them in exchange for gifts or money.
Hultman was arrested and is being held on $1 million bail for charges of continual sexual abuse of a child.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department is investigating to determine whether there are any additional victims locally, and anyone with information is asked to call the Criminal Investigations Bureau at 805.681.4150 or the anonymous tip line at 805.681.4171.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Iran seeks to restructure pipeline systems in Neka oil terminal in time for final negotiations with Russia on the sales of 100,000 barrels of crude oil per day.
In December, Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh and Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak reached agreement to finalize an oil export deal worth 100,000 barrels per day, hellenicshippingnews.com reported.
In case a final agreement is reached between Tehran and Moscow, payment for 50,000 barrels will be received in cash while the remaining 50,000 will be paid for in the form of technical and engineering services.
Meanwhile, one predicament in the implementation of the historical contract between Iran and Russia is the technical and operational feasibility of transferring oil from southern to northern Iran through changes in oil transmission network.
Director of the Pipelines Affairs at the Iranian Oil Pipelines and Telecommunications Company (IOPTC) Dariush Amir Sardari said Neka-Tehran pipeline currently has a transmission capacity of 250,000 to 300,000 barrels per day.
They noted that in case a final contract is signed with Russia, the oil transmission direction can be reversed "given the oil swap agreement among the Caspian Sea littoral states". They added that oil can even be transferred from southern to northern Iran for export.
The official emphasized that the Neka-Tehran oil pipeline will be completed in a short time and reversing the transmission direction requires a number of technical modification in certain oil transference centers along the route.
Hassan Baqerian, the director of the Tehran Department of Iranian Oil Pipelines and Telecommunications Company, had earlier said at a press conference that the refinery was prepared for swapping oil with Iran's northern neighbors by building the adjoining facilities.
On the other hand, facilities and infrastructures of Neka Oil Terminal, as Iran's largest crude terminal in the Caspian Sea, have been prepared for the berthing of huge oil tankers.
Speaking on the latest status of resumption of Iran's crude oil swap in the Caspian Sea, Managing Director of Iran Oil Terminals Company (IOTCO) Pirouz Mousavi said earlier, "All Neka Oil Terminal facilities have been prepared for the resumption of crude oil swaps."
Mousavi announced that repairs, modernization and upgrading of storage tanks, pipelines, loading and unloading facilities in Neka Oil Terminal have been completed and once the dredging process is over, giant oil tankers will be able to dock at the terminal.
Stressing that the dredging operation at Neka terminal has been carried out to the depth of 7.5 meters, the official stated, "Accordingly, we are ready to host oil tankers with a capacity of 7,000 to 8,000 tons."
Woods, the 11-year-old fighting for their life after they recieved a massive electric shock from a garden tap at their home in Perth two weeks ago, is defying the odds.
Upon their admission at Princess Margaret Hospital on Saturday, March 3, their family were told they were brain dead.
But incredibly, on Monday, the young girl was placed upright in a wheelchair for the first time, news.com.au reports.
"Last we were told they wouldn't make it off life support to now, watching them get in the hoist and get in the wheelchair," their mother Lacey Harrison told 7News.
Advertisement
"I just want to bring my baby outside."
This is the latest in a string of achievements for Denishar following their accident — they stunned doctors last week when they started breathing on their own without a respirator.
At that point doctors changed their condition from serious to stable.
Denishar was shocked by up to 230 volts AC when they touched the outdoor tap at the family's public housing property in Beldon. The shock is thought to have lasted for about 10 minutes.
Anything above 50 volts AC is dangerous.
Denishar Woods receives medical care at Princess Margaret Hospital in Perth. Photo / Supplied
The schoolgirl's mother was also jolted by the current when they pulled their daughter out of the electrified water.
Last week Ms Harrison told the ABC that their daughter's organs overheated in the incident.
They said the young girl's organs reached 38C and they were on a cooling pad in hospital to try to limit the damage.
"There are no signs of whether or not she's going to pull through. They're just keeping their organs cool," they said.
Ms Harrison said they were personally very unwell after the incident, but checked out of hospital early so they could be with their daughter, the ABC reported.
"I should be laying there, not here," Ms Harrison said. "I just want my baby to wake up."
An EnergySafety investigation is under way into exactly what caused the tap to give off the shock.
Michael Bunko, a director at WA's electricity regulator, believes the tragedy was likely caused by a fault in the neutral conductor supplying power to the property.
An upstream "open circuit neutral" could be caused by corrosion, a loose connection and in some cases, poor workmanship, Mr Bunko said, and residual current devices would not protect against them.
"If you get a fault upstream, generally before the main switchboard where the electricity is coming in, the RCD can't see it and won't operate," they said.
Lawyer John Hammond said the Department of Housing's responsibility to ensure the safety of public housing was clear.
"If the young girl dies, the mother and all the siblings who were present would have a claim against the state for nervous shock," Mr Hammond told AAP.
"If they survive with horrendous injuries, then as a minor, they will have a massive claim against the state as well. It would be a multimillion-dollar claim."
In addition to offering counselling, the state government should also agree to pay for all medical costs, which could be done without admitting liability, they said.
With AAP and Megan Palin
In a mere 24 hours, Roseanne Barr lost their ABC television show, had their reruns pulled from cable and has felt the wrath of a judgement from the public and celebrities alike due to one racist tweet. Here are some of the most viewed responses to Roseanne's social media meltdown.
ABC
Statement by Channing Dungey, president, ABC Entertainment:
[Issued on May 29, 2018>
Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show. — ABC Publicity (@ABC_Publicity) May 29, 2018
Roseanne
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018
Charlie Sheen
adios
Roseanne!
good
riddance.
hashtag
NOT Winning.
the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot.
©#CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen (@charliesheen) May 29, 2018
Sara Gilbert ("Darlene" on "Roseanne")
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Rob Reiner
ABC has done the right thing. They've stood up against racism. It is our country's original sin. But this is 2018 and it has no place in the hearts of decent people. Unfortunately our president has stoked these evil fires. If they don't applaud ABC, they will continue to stoke evil — Rob Reiner (@robreiner) May 29, 2018
Don Cheadle
you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne ... https://t.co/sJs7Hn5zrn — Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) May 29, 2018
Kumail Nanjiani
I'm glad Roseanne is canceled.
The backlash to its cancellation is going to be a deafening nightmare.
Nothing good has come of this entire thing. — Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) May 29, 2018
Bill O'Reilly
Roseanne Barr's vicious personal attack on former Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett came out of nowhere and cost Ms. Barr and the entire staff of their program their jobs. @ABC/@Disney could not continue with the show without insulting millions of Americans. — Bill O'Reilly (@BillOReilly) May 29, 2018
Mark Hamill
I bet FOX will pick it up & pair it with Tim Allen's show. https://t.co/5MyZf9UT3X via @thr — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) May 29, 2018
Ricky Gervais
This wasn't censorship. This was business. They haven't been prosecuted. They haven't been silenced. They can carry on saying what they want. It's just that their employers have decided they don't want to employ them any more. This is freedom. https://t.co/O1VIz6bzSp — Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) May 29, 2018
Josh Gad
I truly hope that one day, the values that we hold our actors, producers, newscasters, CEO's, religious leaders, athletes, law enforcement, Military personnel, every day working class people, and sitcom stars to will be the same standard we hold our President to. — Josh Gad (@joshgad) May 29, 2018
President Donald J. Trump
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
...and from the makers of Ambien
Frank Lampard has been named as Derby County's new manager after signing a three-year deal at Pride Park.
The former Chelsea and England midfielder has been looking to take their first step into management and confirmed over the weekend that they had been talking with officials at Derby. The East Midlands club, who lost to Fulham in the Championship play-off semi-finals, have been without a manager since Gary Rowett left to take over at Stoke City last week but have now confirmed the 39-year-old's appointment.
Lampard told Derby's website: “I've always wanted to manage a club with a big tradition and history like Derby County, so this is a huge opportunity. I have spent considerable time discussing the role and the club's objectives with the Chairman and board members.
“We want to build on the club's top-six finish in the Championship last season, while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and academy talent we have at Pride Park.
“This is my first job as a manager, but I've worked closely with some of the best coaches in the game and I'm confident in my own abilities and those of the team around me, including the board. I know it won't be easy – managing a football team never is – but I'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead.”
Guardian services
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Arizona Cardinals cornerback Patrick Peterson has said a lot recently. They have made the media rounds promoting a football camp they organized. One idea that has been a common thread in their comments is their excitement for the upcoming season.
They have been impressed by rookie quarterback Josh Rosen. They love the new defensive scheme.
And they believe their individual play will take off again.
“(I'm) very excited, 'cause I'm gonna be doing a lot of new things that I haven't done in my career – in my NFL career,” Peterson said on Monday, according to the Arizona Republic's Kathleen Fitzgerald. “I'm just looking forward to getting back to my play-making ways because I believe over the last two and half, three years, I've been kind of handcuffed in doing that, because obviously teams try to stay away from me.”
Peterson's job under defensive coordinator James Bettcher and even under Todd Bowles, was almost exclusively shadowing the opposing team's best receiver and taking them out of the game. The Cardinals played a lot of man coverage and teams simply didn't throw at the receiver they covered.
They were the league's least-targeted cornerback in the league last season.
If Peterson is expected to do more than they have done before, they will likely be doing more in zone coverage and perhaps even sometimes blitzing.
If the Cardinals play defense the way the Carolina Panthers did under Steve Wilks last season, they will employ more zone coverage, which should give Peterson more opportunities to get their hands on the football. They have 21 career interceptions, but no more than three in any of the last five years.
Peterson believes they will be much more involved than just covering one guy the entire game.
“Coach (Al) Holcomb and Coach Wilks are going do a great job of finding ways to install me into the game.”
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
LiShell Jacobs is accused of running over their girlfriend and dragging them with their car in Boynton Beach.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. - A Boynton Beach woman intentionally ran over their girlfriend and dragged them with their car before driving off and leaving them for dead near an Interstate 95 exit ramp, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
LiShell Jacobs, 30, was arrested Saturday on charges of aggravated battery and driving with a suspended license causing death or serious injury.
According to an FHP arrest report, a witness was stopped at the southbound exit ramp from I-95 to Gateway Boulevard in Boynton Beach on April 17 when they noticed a woman get out of the car in front of them and begin to walk away.
"While the traffic signal remained red, the vehicle entered the intersection, initiated a U-turn and struck the female passenger as they walked away from the vehicle," the report said.
Troopers said the car ran over the woman, turned onto Gateway Boulevard and continued driving east, dragging the woman along the pavement.
An FHP investigator determined from the blood trail along Gateway Boulevard that the woman was dragged about 693 feet from the exit ramp.
Troopers said Jacobs arrived at the crime scene and identified themselves as a passenger in the car that dragged the woman. They led troopers to the car -- a four-door Honda Civic with a temporary license tag and blood splatter on the left rear bumper.
According to the report, Jacobs told troopers that they drove to the West Palm Beach airport to pick up their girlfriend, Erica Edwards, but their friend drove back because their stomach was hurting. Jacobs said Edwards seemed upset about some family issues and a previous fight between the two.
Jacobs said when they got to the exit ramp, Edwards jumped out of the car while it was still in motion, but they didn't know Edwards was hurt, the report said.
However, Jacobs later changed their story and said they had been lying about what happened, telling troopers that they and Edwards were the only people in the car, the report said. Troopers said Jacobs admitted that they were scared, panicked and fled the scene after hitting Edwards with the car, "hearing them scream."
At last check, Edwards remained in critical condition at Delray Medical Center in Delray Beach.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
DUBAI, March 30 Kuwait's stock market underperformed in an otherwise quiet region during early trade on Thursday as three Kuwaiti large-cap shares went ex-dividend.
The Kuwaiti index dropped 1.9 percent because of a 4.4 percent drop in Ahli United Bank, a 3.3 percent decline in Kuwait Telecom and a 1.5 percent fall in Burgan Bank. Most other stocks also fell with Boubyan Bank down 2.4 percent.
Meanwhile Riyadh's index was up 0.3 percent in the first half-hour as most petrochemical shares rose. National Industrialization (Tasnee) added 1.8 percent.
Yanbu National Petrochemical, however, dropped 1.7 percent after saying it planned a temporary shutdown at two of its facilities. The financial impact was estimated to be 110 million riyals ($29.3 million) and would be reflected in second- and third-quarter results, it added.
Saudi British Bank was the top-performing blue chip, rising 2.7 percent.
Dubai's index barely moved, with declining shares outnumbering advancing ones 21 to eight. Aramex lost 2.8 percent as it went ex-dividend.
Builder Drake & Scull fell 1.4 percent after saying it had breached financial covenants in relation to a sukuk syndicated facility and other bank facilities in 2016 after having incurred losses last year.
In Qatar, the index was flat but drilling rig provider Gulf International Services added 1.6 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Susan Thomas)
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
According to a new report, “Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market (2016-2022)”, published by KBV Research, the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market is expected to reach $2,223 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 8.7% during 2016 -2022.
The North America market dominated the Global NDT Equipment Market in 2015, and would grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period. The Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at CAGR of 14.2% during 2016-2022.
The Ultrasonic Testing market dominated the Global NDT Equipment Market in 2015, and would grow at a CAGR of 6.9% during the forecast period. The Radiography Testing market is expected to attain a market size of $450.2 million by 2022. However, Visual Inspection Testing market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.3% during 2016-2022.
The Surface Examination market contributed the larger revenue share to the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market in 2015, and would grow at a CAGR of 10.9% during the forecast period. The Volumetric Examination market is expected to attain a market size of $955.9 million by 2022. However, Others market is expected to grow at CAGR of 11.7% during 2016-2022.
The Energy & Power market dominated the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market in 2015. The Oil & Gas market is expected to attain a market size of $400.1 million by 2022.
The report aims at providing stakeholders with an in-depth analysis of the Global Non-Destructive Equipment Testing Market.Current and future market trends would determine the overall attractiveness of the market providing a platform for the companies to exploit the market potency and garner sizable market share. The study provides an in-depth analysis of major driving and restraining factors in the industry and highlight insights on the growth opportunities prevailing in the industry. Market estimation of the current market and estimations through 2016-2022 would provide the complete financial potency of the market.
Key players profiled in the report include Olympus Corporation, Intertek Group, SGS S.A., Ashtead Technology, Mistras Group, General Electric, Magnaflux and Yxlon International.
Full report: https://kbvresearch.com/global-non-destructive-testing-equipment-market/
Research Scope
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market by Testing Method
Ultrasonic Testing
Radiography Testing
Visual Inspection Testing
Magnetic Particle Testing & Electromagnetic Testing
Eddy-Current Testing
Liquid Penetrant Testing
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market, by Technique
Volumetric Examination
Surface Examination
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market, by Application
Oil & Gas
Energy & Power
Aerospace &Defense
Automotive & Transportation
Infrastructure
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market, by Geography
North America
U.S
Canada
Mexico
Rest of North America
Europe
Germany
UK
France
Russia
Spain
Italy
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Singapore
Malaysia
Rest of Asia Pacific
LAMEA
Brazil
Argentina
UAE
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Nigeria
Rest of LAMEA
Company Profiles
Olympus Corporation
Intertek Group
SGS S.A.
Ashtead Technology
Mistras Group
General Electric
Magnaflux
Yxlon International
Related Reports –
North America Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Europe Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Asia Pacific Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Lamea Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
The airline currently has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is "a golf bag containing golf clubs."
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker, 30, said the policy is "absurd" and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet told The Canadian Press in a statement that the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago "due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations."
The company said it's reviewing the aspect of the baggage policy related to golf bags, recognizing "the optics are poor."
It further said that travellers who want to bring more than two bags to Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago can do so through WestJet Cargo, its air shipping service.
The airline said it apologized to Walker and reached out to them in an attempt to resolve the issue. "It was never our intention to be discriminatory in this specific baggage policy," said Lauren Stewart, a spokesperson for WestJet.
Walker said they received an apology and other messages from the company Wednesday afternoon but it was too late to help their mother, who was already in Jamaica.
They said they booked tickets for their mother, Nellrene Walker, so they could attend their sister's funeral in Jamaica. After paying for the tickets, they saw WestJet's baggage policy, and called customer service, they said.
By Tracy Wang
‘Ex Libris: New York Public Library' is a successful attempt at capturing the multi-functions and significance of New York Public Library (NYPL) in supporting the growth of different communities. As a documentary film directed and written by Frederick Wiseman, it showcases NYPL's importance in providing a variety of community services as well as its many ways of evolving and changing into an entity that is relevant to current American society.
The documentary film spans over 197 minutes, and it begins with basic scenes of people in New York using different services that NYPL offers. People using computers, people reading, and people inquiring about specific titles fill up the film. Meetings in which NYPL staff members discuss funding from city and private sectors, how or whether to include homeless people to enter, and what kinds of programs or services to increase or create, are interwoven with scenes in multiple library branches in New York City. Authors introducing their new books, kids learning about how to program robots, and musicians performing are all events happening at different branches. The film provides a close look inside the running of NYPL, as well as the great amount of activities and opportunities offered by it.
The film begins with a powerful start in which a poet discusses their ideas on truth; their statement on people's ignorance being the most significant human flaw introduces us all to the amount of people, no matter their age, ethnicity, educational level, acquiring knowledge in libraries across the world, especially at NYPL. A series of scenes of people using NYPL's spaces in a variety of ways follow, and we are brought directly into the meetings of NYPL's important staff members. As we witness them voicing different opinions, and stress about the public and private partnership of NYPL, we seem to feel the pressure and urgency of getting funded as if we were part of the staffs.
Not only bringing us into staff meetings, we are also invited to NYPL's many branches to understand what these libraries are providing and supporting. From job fairs where companies recruit employees, staffs teaching those who are visually impaired how to use fingers to read, to readers discussing passionately about a book in a book club meeting, we realize the fact that libraries are not just for reading, or using computer, or even having a space where people can sit quietly for a while; instead, it is a space in which people can learn new knowledge, build a friendly relationship with technology and books, and find ways to reduce the gap caused by inequality. It represents opportunity and a chance for people to be introduced to and feel safe in their passion for knowledge, skills and the world created by internet.
By putting the staff meetings alongside the multi-functions of NYPL, we are presented with a slice of the complexity and significance of a library. For many of us, it could be the first time in which we really understand the scope of what a library does for us and for society. ‘Ex Libris: New York Public Library' certainly brings us to appreciate the physical space of a library, as well as comforts us with the knowledge that libraries around the world serve as stepping stones for people who are eager to learn, and for society that is eager to move forward with less ignorance and more kindness.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Trippin Traveller introduces new photography, art, and contemporary dance Europe tours
Amsterdam
Media Contact
Smitha Murthy
+917899603009
***@trippintraveller.com Smitha Murthy+917899603009
End
-- Being enthusiastic proponents of experiential and culture-discovery tours, Trippin Traveller is delighted to announce a brand-new set of Europe tours. Focusing on unique themes like the art of graffiti, contemporary dance, and creative photography, these tours are meant to give travelers a different look at European culture.These fixed departure tours will take travelers across buzzing, happening cities like Berlin, Amsterdam, and Hamburg. The tours include hands-on sessions with artistes, short workshops, and interactions with like-minded people to bubble up ideas.Smitha Murthy, the co-founder of Trippin Traveller says, "These tours are meant to not just delight a casual traveler but are also meant to be serious experiences for the artist in you. Not only do they provide a different perspective of European cities and culture but also gives an opportunity to add to existing skill-sets. Operated by our tour partner, these tours are carefully curated, taking you to the heart of cities like Amsterdam or Berlin. This is a cultural experience not to be missed."Stretching for a week or 10 days on average these new Europe tours can be an ideal vacation that's not just relaxing and exciting but also doubles up as a learning curve. The "Art and the Cities" ( http://www.trippintraveller.com/ tours/europe- art-tour/ ) tour takes you to The Netherlands and Berlin where you get to explore the nuances of art ranging from classic paintings in galleries to modern street works through workshops and interactions with leading figures in the art world. The "Contemporary Dance Tour" ( http://www.trippintraveller.com/ tours/contemporary- dance-... ) is a nine-day sojourn that takes you to four different cities and is a combination of workshops and performances. The "Shutterbug Clicks" tour is a week-long photography safari that lets you explore lens usage, exposure tricks and delve into street photography.Trippin Traveller, offers customized offbeat travel and eco-friendly tours in India and worldwide. This India-based company operates as a marketplace for eclectic travel experiences and cultural exchanges to amazing destinations from responsible tour operators.Trippin Traveller also offers travelers consultancy services, becoming their personal travel concierge, and helping to plan, book, and organize their travel.About Trippin Traveller:Trippin Traveller is a leading start-up offering customized offbeat and eco-friendly tours with a focus on responsible travel. Founded by two young women travelers, Trippin Traveller aims to become India's premier online portal for responsible travel.For more information, please visit http://trippintraveller.com/
A stylish new café and bar has officially opened in Belfast, creating 32 full and part-time jobs.
Situated on the ground floor of the award-winning Gallery apartment building on Belfast's Dublin Road, which opened earlier this year, the café brings the industrial chic of New York's meatpacking district to the streets of Belfast and features an elegant open-plan restaurant, bar and art gallery.
The new apartment block and caf is the brainchild of local man Gary McCausland, Chief Executive of The Richland Group, pictured here with staff members.
It's part of a one million-pound investment by The Richland Group, a London-based property company.
Designed according to the Feng Shui concept by leading local expert Master San Wu, the café has a contemporary metropolitan style, with floor to ceiling windows, Philippe Starck ghost chairs, chalkboard menus and the largest crystal chandeliers in Belfast.
And in a nod to the history of the area, the café is showcasing a range of artworks from established artists such as Colin Davidson, Brian Ballard, Neil Shawcross and William Conor, as well as new local artists such as Francis McCrory, Hanna Johnson and John McMacken. For years, the Dublin Road was a focal point for famous artists including William Conor, Paul Henry and Gerard Dillon.
The new apartment block and café is the brainchild of local man Gary McCausland, chief executive of The Richland Group. Gary said: “The Dublin Road is an up and coming buzzing area and we are enormously proud to be part of Belfast's exciting regeneration and development.
The Gallery on Belfast's Dublin Road
“We have created a versatile place in the heart of the city which offers the perfect spot for social or business occasions.”
The Gallery, which is split across a ground floor and mezzanine level, is open all day, with late nights on Thursday, Friday and Saturday and offers a breakfast, lunch and bistro menu.
Award-winning Head Chef Conor O'Boyle has created a diverse menu reflecting the café's cosmopolitan theme which includes dishes such as - homemade stacked pancakes, New York breakfast, tapas, Tuscan fish stew, seafood linguine, Falafel burger and a freshly made patisserie selection. There is a separate vegetarian and vegan menu and gluten free options.
The food offering is complemented by an extensive drinks menu, featuring a selection of wines from JN Wine, one of Northern Ireland's most successful wine merchants, with prices starting from £18 per bottle. A bespoke cocktail menu featuring signature cocktails and boasting the best gins in Belfast, has been created by bartender Neil MacDonald, three-times nominated Pubs of Ulster Bar Tender of the Year.
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
Gardaí stationed near the Border are seeking the return of machine guns to individual stations ahead of a possible hard Brexit.
They are also asking the Minister for Justice and Garda management for more Armed Support Units (ASUs) to help police the estimated 208 crossings along the 500km Border.
Gardaí along the Border say criminals and subversives see the force as weak and ill-equipped and they are correct, according to Garda Brendan O'Connor who represents Donegal-based members for the Garda Representative Association (GRA).
“Our members feel that criminals and the cross-Border drug dealers and people of a political persuasion, they don't take us seriously. They don't see us as having the capabilities to take them on. They see us as weak. They see us as we see ourselves – untrained, ill-equipped and not enough numbers.”
Israeli-made Uzi sub-machine guns were issued to local detective units until 2012 when Garda management said the gun no longer suited requirements.
Detectives' Smith and Wesson revolvers, which carried six rounds, were also replaced with the 15-shot SiG Sauer handgun. Management said the Sauer, with its increased capacity, would fill the role of both the Uzi and the revolver.
Now GRA representatives want the Uzi, or another automatic machine gun such as the MP7, to be reissued to non-specialised gardaí for use in emergencies.
The association, which has been meeting in Wexford, is also asking for Tasers and body-cameras to be issued to all front-line gardaí.
Having an automatic weapon in each station would allow gardaí to respond to serious situations and provide cover while Armed Support Units are mobilised, Garda O'Connor said.
‘Scramble armed units'
“Ten years ago gardaí could scramble armed units at local level with the Uzi available at local district level. It wasn't ideal, but it was a deterrent,” they said.
“That capability has been taken away despite the threat being greater. And unfortunately cross-Border criminals have access to arms and aren't afraid to use them. Our members are extremely vulnerable on the Border without proper backup.
“If we have an incident now, what do we have? A couple of detectives with a side arm for personal protection and no tactical training. It's just simply not up to the threat and the danger that's there.”
They added: “We need a deterrent. Our members need the confidence to know when they stand on the road and put up their hand that, whoever that person is coming along, feels there will be consequences to their actions.”
Garda O'Connor said gardaí also want more ASUs, covering a wider geographical area, particularly around the Border.
There are currently two ASU's in Border areas, one in Dundalk, Co Louth, and the other in Ballyshannon, Co Donegal, meaning it could take hours for a unit to reach a scene, they said. Garda O'Connor said they would like to see one in every division.
‘Gathering of evidence'
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said issues like firearms and Tasers are a matter for the Garda Commissioner. However, they said they support the introduction of a body camera “in principle”.
“I do believe they will add considerably to the work of An Garda Síochána and I would hope that over a period of time consideration would be given towards having such a scheme. It would protect them in their duties and it would also be important in the gathering of evidence,” they said at the GRA's annual conference in Wexford on Wednesday.
“I'm in favour of them but I understand there is a process and there are also resources issues.”
A garda working group is currently examining different models of body cameras, including cameras which provide a constant “live feed” back to a control centre and ones which store the footage locally on the device before it is uploaded later.
Two bodies spotted in the water early this morning have been identified as those of two men missing since a boat collision earlier this month.
The first body was spotted by a fisherman about 2.5 miles off Shoreham Harbour around 7am.
The RNLI Shoreham lifeboat was launched to recover the body and as they were returning to shore a second body was spotted in the water just before 8am, according to police.
Both bodies were landed at Brighton Marina where they were handed to the coroner's officer.
After their families were informed, the men have been formally identified.
They are Mircea Ilie, 40, of Elm Grove, Brighton (left) and Irinel Popovici, 41, of Barcombe Road, Brighton (right).
Police and marine accident investigators have named the boat believed to have collided with the boat that the men were fishing from off Shoreham in the early hours of Sunday, August 6.
The vessel, the scallop dredging boat, Vertrouwen, left Shoreham around the time of the incident bound for Grimsby. Police are in touch with the owners, MacDuff Shellfish Ltd, who are co-operating fully with the investigation.
A small boat had left Shoreham Harbour around midnight with four pleasure fishermen on board.
It is now known that the collision occurred around 12.30am and the boat was lost without raising a distress call.
One man was rescued by commercial fisherman after clinging to a buoy for more than five hours and another man's body was recovered by an HM Coastguard helicopter later that morning.
A drunken and disruptive passenger who repeatedly abused staff on a flight from Gatwick to St Lucia has been jailed.
A Sussex Police statement says that Uche Ezedinma had to be physically restrained and caused the Virgin Atlantic aircraft to be diverted due to their persistently poor behaviour.
No passenger or crew should have to experience such abject abuse on board an aircraft
They were verbally and physically aggressive throughout, which included spitting at a member of staff, punching the overhead storage and threatening numerous other cabin crew.
They also smoked a cigarette in the toilet, which is strictly prohibited by airlines.
The statement adds that the 36-year-old had been travelling in the company of their mother, a further 247 passengers and 10 crew members on the Airbus A330 to St Lucia on 28 January 2017.
But less than halfway into the journey, it was diverted to the Azores in Portugal to offload Ezedinma, of Elgin Road, Croydon, Surrey, and continue its journey.
This was due to safety concerns for the aircraft and those on board, and was a decision not taken lightly by the captain – it was the first time in 20 years as a Virgin pilot they had to divert a flight due to passenger behaviour.
Ezedinma was removed from the plane by local officers, and the remaining passengers were required to disembark to enable the plane to refuel – this was as a result of the extra fuel consumed by the diversion, and caused a significant disruption.
Following this, the flight resumed without any further issues, and the incident was reported to Sussex Police.
A protracted enquiry process via Interpol was undertaken to determine what action the Portuguese authorities had taken, and it was confirmed the defendant was allowed on their way after just two hours of administrative paperwork.
Investigators at Gatwick Police conducted an investigation and gained sufficient evidence to present to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), and Ezedinma was subsequently charged with being drunk in an aircraft and negligently acting in a manner likely to endanger an aircraft or any person therein.
At Lewes Crown Court on Tuesday June 26, they were sentenced to a total of 14 months' imprisonment and ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge.
Detective Sergeant Patrick Sweeney, of Gatwick Investigations, said: “The language, attitude and behaviour displayed by Ezedinma throughout the flight was completely unacceptable. No passenger or crew should have to experience such abject abuse on board an aircraft, and the sentence imposed sends a clear message to others that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated.
“There are numerous signs on board every aircraft which indicate smoking is strictly prohibited, and Ezedinma blatantly ignored these signs, potentially causing a real danger to the aircraft and those on board.”
In May, Sussex Police launched its annual summer crackdown on disruptive passengers in partnership with Gatwick Airport.
The operation aims to prevent drunken and disruptive behaviour on flights and in the airport through early engagement with passengers.
Det Sgt Sweeney added: “This case demonstrates that while we increase resources for our summer campaign, we will continue to detect and deter disruptive behaviour 365 days and year. It further demonstrates that we will deal robustly with anyone who fails to comply with the law, which is clearly outlined at various locations throughout Gatwick Airport.
“It is an offence to be drunk on board an aircraft, and passengers need to be aware of their own responsibilities before they board a flight. By all means have fun, but don't ruin it for yourself or anyone else.”
A Virgin Atlantic spokesperson said: “The safety and security of our customers and crew is always our top priority, and we will not tolerate disruptive or abusive behaviour on board any Virgin Atlantic aircraft.
“We continue to work closely with the relevant authorities and will always seek prosecution for those individuals that cause disruption to our services through unacceptable behaviour.”
See also: Man seriously injured in motorbike crash
After more than a decade of producing and selling their golf invention, Walt Graves of Little River is ready to sell their remaining inventory and all but give up on their hope of having it go mainstream.
Graves, 74, created “Double Duty — The Divot Repair Putter” which has two prongs on the back of the putter head to repair ball marks on greens without having to bend over. The putter essentially has a ball mark tool built into the back of the head.
They have used it to protect a creaky back and thought it would be popular with older golfers, but sales never reflected their enthusiastic outlook.
Graves had 1,100 produced over the years and has 200 left in their garage that they are willing to part with for $20 each, with an additional $19.50 if shipping is required, though they can ship up to five in one box at that charge.
Graves will deliver putters up to 50 miles from Little River for free, as well. “I need to get rid of them. They're sitting here and they're not doing me any good,” Graves said.
Ten putters are left-handed and all putters are made of 431 stainless steel, have a 360-gram face-balanced head, 72-degree shaft angle, 3 degrees of face loft, standard putter grip and 36-inch shaft.
After four years of working on the putter and attempting to receive the USGA's approval that it conforms to the Rules of Golf — which they did in the third attempt in 2009 — Graves first introduced the putter to consumers at the 2009 PGA Merchandise show. They returned to the show in 2010 and ‘11.
They tried several things, including partnering with InventHelp out of Pittsburgh to put some on the market and having club maker Infiniti Golf outside Chicago manufacture hundreds of the putters, but they were never able to get the putter to appeal to the masses.
“Most of the big guys, if they do a new idea it has to come in-house,” Graves said. “I talked to a bunch of them and they liked the idea but they weren't interested in making them.”
The Double Duty even did well with some raters. It was included in the 2011 GolfTest USA putter evaluation, in which a couple hundred golfers rated dozens of putters. On scale of 1-10, it averaged 8.5 to receive GolfTest's “Seal of Approval” and a three-star rating out of five stars, and it received a score of at least 8.3 in all categories: distance control, alignment, accuracy, forgiveness, sound, appearance, feel, design, recommend and overall.
Graves holds a patent on the putter and has a patent for a new head that he's willing to sell or share with a manufacturer willing to produce them. Though it has cost them money and time, Graves said he'd do it again.
“It was worth it,” Graves said. “When I was playing a lot and would go buy a putter, I never would get a putter off the rack and hit it. If I picked up a putter and it felt good in my hand, that's the one I would take. Every time I pick up one of my putters it feels as good or better as the one I just sold.
TNS
click to enlarge VIA ARTIST WEBSITE
It's tough to put a unique spin on indie-folk these days, but the Defeated County defies the odds. As demonstrated by 2016's, the band specialize in haunting songs that touch on gothic Americana, low-desert twang, fuzzy '90s rock curios and Vaudevillian waltzes. Credit for this eclectic approach goes first and foremost to lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist/songwriter Langen Neubacher. Them singular voice — which possesses a Kristin Hersh-esque dusky timbre, coupled with hints of Maria McKee's country lilt and Amanda Palmer's dramatic flourishes — drives evocative songs that aren't afraid to dig into uncomfortable places or ask tough questions. Them Defeated County bandmates — including the live rotation of Irene Allen, Devon Cahill, Simon Chervitz, Russ McCanless and Kyle Rex — are the perfect foil for their ambitious vision. On record, the band enlists a who's-who of south city musicians to add occasional violin, pedal steel, accordion and extra harmonies.Neko Case, PJ Harvey, Nick Cave, Dresden Dolls, Throwing Muses
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Some Augusta city leaders feel it's maybe time to put the new probation office on probation, when it comes to staffing.
“Just like any other business you're going to have trials and tribulations to make it successful you find out the problem you come up with a solution and resolve it,” says Commissioner Wayne Guilfoyle.
Commissioner Wayne Guilfoyle was part of the committee that worked last year to create a new probation office.
One of the requirements the committee wanted was that the probation officers would be required to be certified police officers but the probation office is finding out that when it comes to hiring that's easier said than done.
“I think people can do the job without accreditation and do a great job what I would like to see is that accreditation not be a requirement,” said Commissioner Bill Fennoy.
“I think what we see now is this office can be successful the challenge is not its ability to function it's the ability to keep people on board based on the stringent requirements that we established in the order to create the office,” says Mayor Hardie Davis.
You're taking away from a program that's already in place a system that's already working and when you lower the standards you lower the outcome or the success.
Hadoop training online
Contact
Prwatech
+91.8147111254
hello@prwatech.com Prwatech+91.8147111254
End
-- The Python training is a high-level programming language with vast simplicity to use by anyone who is interested in learning Python Online Training in Bangalore. It has many job opportunities in the software field, IT companies, and other industries. The online training and certification program in Python is the best for busy people and beginners. When comes to the online tutorial in Python, it will be better to check the web for online reviews on Python tutorial and online forum's python training and certification by various institutes in Bangalore.The busy people, who may be a student or working professional, may search the internet first for online training for Big data and hadoop. Most often, you may end up with a fake online tutorial portal. The below mentioned are the ways to find trusted Python Online Training in Bangalore.There are few online tutorial portals, who make a false promise for 24/7 service, and they may function in office timing only. You may be at a loss or disappointed when you wish to go for an online tutorial and Python classroom training ( http://prwatech.in/ python-training- in-bangalore/ ) after evening hours and in week hours. You have to check the website at your end to find them as trustworthy and provide 24/7 online training for data science.Most of the Python online training institute ( http://prwatech.in/ python-online- course/ ) may not have a registered institute in Bangalore. These are not the right portal to go for an online tutorial in Python. This is because, they totally freelance their work with tutors, who may be qualified or not you cannot guess. Moreover, you cannot expect they will come on time online for Python training. You may end up by paying Python course fee online and may not find a tutor online. If they are physically present in Bangalore, you can go for any complaints, etc. It is advisable to check their phone numbers, e-mail and their office address are correct, and they are physically present in Bangalore.If you search the web, you may end up with a foreign tutorial portal. This is because our Indian based online tutorial in Python does use foreign profile for making their tutorial portal attractive. In such case, you will be really learning from a foreign tutor. If you are not able to understand their English language, you may end up in the loss by simply paying the Python training fee.You can get a reference from your colleagues, who have already undergone Big data hadoop Online Training. You can check their reputation online by checking online reviews and on forums. It will be better to communicate with them over the phone and go further to pay Python online training fee. There are trusted online Python training institutes who are professional and do offer what they promise to its students like the project, placement while in their online Python training and certification program.
Adoption of Blockchain -- the underlying distrusted technology that powers cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin -- is a bit like teenage sex.
“Everybody is talking about it, not many are doing it, and those that are, are doing it badly,” Vincent Doueizel, vice president for food and sustainability at the non-profit Lloyd's Register Foundation, said at this year's Blockchain Expo in London.
Dozens of companies, including Maersk, the Australian Securities Exchange, Louis Dreyfus, and Centrica are awkwardly fumbling in the dark. But there are very few instances of a company having succeeded in making a move from trials to fully production-ready blockchain, let alone having replaced any mission-critical processes yet.
A recent report from EY claimed the current enterprise distributed ledger technology (DLT) [another term for blockchain] landscape is fragmented, featuring dozens of different protocol specifications being developed in isolation. The majority of these networks are being deployed at small-scale for testing purposes, generally have a small number of participants and run in simple, safe environments where they do not interact with mission-critical enterprise systems.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Aim-listed miner Chaarat Gold on Tuesday confirmed speculation that it had made a proposal to buy the Kumtor mine from TSX-listed Centerra Gold as part of a proposed three-way transaction between the companies and the Kyrgyz State consortium, Kyrgyzaltyn.
The acquisition of Kumtor – one of the largest gold mines in Central Asia – comes just weeks after Chaarat said that acquisitions formed a key part of its strategy to build a midtier mining group producing one-million ounces a year from assets in Central Asia and the former Soviet Union.
Advertisement
Chaarat, which is developing a namesake project in Kyrgyzstan, will acquire the Kumtor mine from Centerra, in an arrangement that will give Chaarat ownership of the mine common equity, as well as management and operation of the mine, while Kyrgyzaltyn will own the preferred equity and be entitled to 50% of the economic benefits of the gold mine.
Chaarat said that it would fund its portion of the consideration with cash, and that Kyrgyzaltyn would transfer most of the shares it held in Centerra to Centerra. The cash consideration would be raised through a mixture of debt and equity, backed by two major international financial institutions.
Advertisement
The proposed acquisition of Kumtor, which in 2017 produced 500 000 oz of gold and generated $188-million free cash flow, would substantially increase the overall scale of Chaarat's business and the mining firm said it would serve as a platform for further acquisitions in the medium term.
Chaarat further stated that it would, as part of the deal, invest up to $600-million into two other projects in the Kyrgyz Republic's mining sector over the next five to seven years.
“For Centerra and its shareholders, Chaarat's offer provides a unique opportunity to realise the full value of Kumtor and reinvest the proceeds in Centerra's business,” the London-listed firm said.
The deal would also enable Centerra, which was locked in a years-long legal standoff over the share in profits from Kumtor, to reposition its geographic profile and focus on its developed market asset base.
The Kumtor gold deposit is located in the southern Tien Shan Metallogenic belt, which traverses Central Asia from Uzbekistan in the west through Tajikistan and the Kyrgyz Republic into north-western China. Chaarat's own project forms part of the 1 500 km belt and comprises the Tulkubash and Kyzyltash deposits, which will produce 300 000 oz/y to 400 000 oz/y when in full production.
As the proposed acquisition constitutes a reverse takeover under Aim rules, the Chaarat board has requested that trading in its shares be suspended pending the publication of the required documents.
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, they added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” they said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” they added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, they said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Saturday, October 7 2017 . ompletesportsnigeria.com ‘s JAMES AGBEREBI chronicles the 17 past encounters between Nigeria and Zambia at senior level as the Super Eagles look to seal their 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification with a home win in Uyo against the Chipolopolo on
The two teams have clashed in 17 matches, in both friendlies and competitive games. Nigeria have won seven, while Zambia have won five. Five of their 17 past encounters ended in draws.
The Super Eagles currently top the 2018 FIFA World Cup African qualifying Group B on 10 points, while Zambia are second with seven points.
ZAMBIA 5-1 NIGERIA: 1974 AFCON Qualifier, 1st Leg, Play-off
Nigeria and Zambia met for the first time in the first leg play-off of the 1974 Africa Cup of Nations in Lusaka in 1973.
Zambia went on to secure a healthy 5-1 first leg win to take to the reverse fixture in Lagos.
NIGERIA 3-2 ZAMBIA: 1974 AFCON Qualifier, 2nd Leg, Play-off
In the second leg played in Lagos, Nigeria won 3-2 but it was not enough as they crashed out 7-4 on aggregate.
Zambia joined Mauritius, Congo, Egypt (hosts), Uganda, Guinea, DR Congo (then known as Zaire), (Cote d'Ivoire) as the eight teams that qualified for the 1974 AFCON.
Zambia went all the way to the final, but lost to DR Congo.
NIGERIA 0-0 ZAMBIA: 1978 AFCON Group Stage
For the first time Nigeria and Zambia met in the AFCON tournament when they were drawn in the Group A of the 1978 edition in Ghana. Burkina Faso (known as Upper Volta then) were also in the group.
After 90 minutes of football, both Nigeria and Zambia settled for a 0-0 draw.
Nigeria and Ghana emerged from the group into the semi-finals while Zambia and Upper Volta were eliminated.
ZAMBIA 3-0 NIGERIA: 1981, International Friendly
In 1981, Nigeria travelled to Lusaka to take on Zambia in an international friendly game.
This was the first time both countries met in a friendly game after their previous three encounters in competitive games.
Zambia outclassed Nigeria, winning the game 3-0.
ZAMBIA 3-0 NIGERIA: 1982 AFCON, Group Stage
Nigeria was drawn with Zambia in Group B of the 1982 AFCON held in Libya. Also in the group were Algeria and Ethiopia.
Nigeria defeated Ethiopia 3-0 in their first match, but lost 2-1 to Algeria in their second game.
It was a must win game for Nigeria against Zambia in their final group game, but the Zambians won 3-0.
NIGERIA 0-0 ZAMBIA: 1986 AFCON Qualifier, 1st Leg, Play-off
In the qualifiers for the 1986 AFCON hosted by Egypt, Nigeria and Zambia pitted against each other.
It was the second time both countries would face each other after the 1974 AFCON qualifying match which the Zambians won 7-4 on aggregate.
Zambia forced Nigeria to a 0-0 draw in Lagos.
ZAMBIA 1-0 NIGERIA: 1986 AFCON Qualifier, 2nd Leg, Play-off
Just like in the AFCON 1974 qualifiers, Zambia once again eliminated Nigeria.
In the return leg of the 1986 AFCON qualifier in Lusaka, Zambia won the Super eagles 1-0 to progress 1-0 on aggregate.
At the 1986 AFCON proper, Zambia crashed out in the group stage after drawing one and losing two games.
NIGERIA 2-0 ZAMBIA: 1990 AFCON Semi-final
Before meeting Zambia in the semi-final of the 1990 AFCON, Nigeria had gone five straight games without a win against them.
The Zambian team's invincibility became a thing of the past as Nigeria triumphed 2-0 and progressed into the final.
Okechukwu Uche gave Nigeria the lead in the 18th minute while the late Rashidi Yekini wrapped the game up for Nigeria on 77 minutes.
NIGERIA 2-1 ZAMBIA: 1994 AFCON Final This was one of the most thrilling encounters between Nigeria and Zambia since they first met in 1973. It was the first time ever both countries would clash in the final of the Africa Cup of Nations. Elijah Litana headed Zambia into the lead on just three minutes before Emmanuel Amuneke drew Nigeria level in the fifth minute. Just two minutes into the second half, Amuneke scored what proved to be the winner and sealed a 2-1 win for Nigeria's second AFCON title. ZAMBIA 2-0 NIGERIA: 1997, International Friendly, 1st Leg After the 1994 AFCON final in Tunisia which Nigeria won 2-1, both countries met in an international friendly in Lusaka in 1997. Zambia avenged their 1994 AFCON loss to by winning 2-0. Goals from Musole Sakulanda in the 47th minute and Allan Kamwanga in the 55th minute, secured the win for Zambia. ZAMBIA 0-0 NIGERIA: 1997, International Friendly, 2nd Leg The second leg of the international friendly game between Zambia and Nigeria was played just two days after their first meeting which ended 2-0 in favour of Zambia. This time the game was played in Kitwe with Nigeria holding Zambia to a 0-0 draw. NIGERIA 1-0 ZAMBIA: 2002 AFCON Qualifier, Group Stage, 1st Leg Nigeria and Zambia were drawn in the same group alongside Madagascar and Namibia in the qualifiers for the Mali 2002 AFCON. On matchday-one of the qualifiers in 2001, Nigeria beat Zambia 1-0 in Lagos thanks to Victor Agali's 33rd minute goal. The win was Nigeria's first AFCON qualifier home win against Zambia since a 3-2 win back in 1973 also in Lagos which was the second leg of their 1974 AFCON qualifier. ZAMBIA 1-1 NIGERIA: 2002 AFCON Qualifier, Group Stage, 2nd Leg In the second leg of the 2002 AFCON qualifier between Zambia and Super eagles of Nigeria in Chingola, the game ended 1-1. It was the first time Zambia failed to beat Nigeria in a competitive home game. Benedict Akwuegbu put Nigeria ahead in the 30th minute, but an own goal by Isaac Okoronkwo on 42 minutes drew Zambia level. NIGERIA 5 – 4 (pens) ZAMBIA (2010 AFCON Quarter-final) After their 1994 AFCON final fixture, both Nigeria and Zambia waited for 16 years before they clashed again in Africa's biggest football showpiece, this time at the 2010 edition in Angola. Under the tutelage of the late Amodu Shuaibu, Nigeria once again emerged victorious beating Zambia 5-4 on penalties following 120 minutes of football that ended 0-0, and the Super Eagles progressed into the semi-finals. Vincent Enyeama was the hero for the Super eagles of Nigeria as they saved Thomas Nyirenda's kick before sending Kennedy Mweene the wrong way to secure the win. NIGERIA 2-0 ZAMBIA: 2011, International Friendly Nigeria failed to qualify for the 2012 AFCON in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon but faced Zambia in a international friendly match. The Chipolopolo were among the 16 teams for the 2012 tournament. The game which was played in Kaduna was a preparatory game for Zambia who went on to emerge champions after beating Cote d'Ivoire in the final of the 2012 AFCON. And in the friendly game Nigeria won 2-0 thanks to goals from the Uche brothers, Ikechukwu and Kalu. ZAMBIA 1-1 NIGERIA: 2013 AFCON, Group Stage Nigeria and Zambia were drawn in the group stage of the 2013 AFCON in South Africa. Burkina Faso and Ethiopia were the other two teams in the group In their second group game, both Nigeria and Zambia played out a 1-1 draw. Emmanuel Emenike scored for Nigeria on 57 minutes before Kennedy Mweene equalised from the penalty spot. Nigeria and Burkina Faso qualified for the quarter-finals while Zambia and Ethiopia crashed out. ZAMBIA 1-2 NIGERIA: 2018 World Cup Qualifier, Group Stage, 1st Leg Nigeria's 2-1 win against Zambia in Ndola on matchday -one of the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers was the first time ever that a Nigerian senior team would achieve the feat. In the previous five away games in Zambia, Nigeria lost four and drew just one. The Super Eagles got their first ever away win in Zambia thanks to goals from Alex Iwobi and Kelechi Iheanacho in the 33rd and 43rd minutes respectively. Collins Mbesuma pulled a goal back for Zambia in the 71st minute.
Group B Standing
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
One Augusta teen is doing all they can to raise awareness for Type 1 Diabetes and they are making an impact right here in the CSRA.
On September 13, 2013 Caroline Dorn's life was changed forever. Pneumonia plagued their body for six weeks and they lost a lot of weight in a short period of time.
"My blood sugar was 498 at diagnosis which is seven times higher than a normal persons blood sugar should be.", says Caroline Dorn.
Shortly after they were diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes at just 12 years old. Them daily routine had to change significantly. They give themselves insulin every time they eat and each time they eat, there can be a different reaction. "You never know what can happen. I can eat the same thing for seven days and get seven different results." During the month of November they posted pics of themselves in shirts pointing out this invisible and unpredictable disease. "Just hoping to raise some awareness . . get some question because the more questions people ask, the more opportunities I have to educate people."
Alice Dorn is extremely proud of their daughter's eagerness to speak out. Just last summer they were one of thirty-three people who went before the FDA in hopes to change a glucose monitor label that they wear. More recently their push for Richmond, Columbia, and Aiken County to declare November as Type 1 Diabetes month is now a reality. "She has taken this disease and made it their own and made it their passion and their mission to make sure that other people are educated and that other Type 1's are advocated for."
And their work has not stopped there. This year Caroline Dorn also went to the capitol to personally speak to the members of congress and senators about renewing The Special Diabetes Program. The Special Diabetes Program is 150 million dollars given yearly to research finding a cure for Type 1diabetes. Dorn says they will continue to raise awareness so that others can too become a champion of this disease.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Hina Khan Gives Sneak Peek Of Them Dress
On their Insta story, the actor gave us a glimpse of their dress, which was blue and white in colour. They also went LIVE on Instagram. The actor will be making an appearance as the showstopper for Kolkata-based designer label Osaa by Adarsh.
Hina Khan At Lakme Fashion Week
A statement read, "Fashionista and the new age style icon, Bigg Boss finalist Hina Khan to walk the ramp for Kolkata-based label Osaa by Adarsh at Lakme Fashion Week tomorrow (February 2)."
'Breaking Stereotype Image Of Bahu Was Tough!'
Meanwhile, the actor feels that it was a challenge to break the stereotype image of ‘bahu'. They were quoted by IANS as saying, "Honestly, it was a challenge for me."
Hina Says...
"I never thought I will reach or achieve this goal so fast because breaking that stereotyped image of the 'bahu' that I played for eight years, where I wore all Indian clothes, was more difficult. I have done (one of the) the longest running shows of Indian TV and it was difficult." (Image Source: Instagram)
Hina Further Added...
"When it is a one or two years long show, it is easy to move on (from a character), but for me, breaking that stereotype image was tough. However, I took it positively. I will not give up."
Hina Wants To Do Films!
After doing KKK and Bigg Boss, the actor says that they want to take a break from the reality shows. They want to do good work, be it films or TV and adds that they are reading scripts of films and would take them up if things fall in the right place.
Hina Says They Have A Long Way To Go
The actor feels their appearance at LFW is a privilege and just another baby step that they are taking towards progress. They add that they have a long way to go!
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
The Brexicon: your guide to the language of leaving the EU
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A derelict former canal office in Birmingham is to be brought back to life as a new venue to showcase art in the city.
Gallery and art studio complex Grand Union is working with Homes England to give the Grade II-listed Junction Works building in Fazeley Street, Digbeth, a new lease of life.
The aim is to create a new contemporary art gallery and set of studios for artists.
Junction Works, which dates back to the mid-19th century, is located at the junction of the Grand Union and Digbeth Branch canals and has also served as a boxing gym and café.
But it has been empty for several years after suffering fire damage in 2004.
The three-year project is expected to cost £3.25 million and has already received £25,000 from the Architectural Heritage Fund and £150,000 from Esmée Fairbairn Foundation.
Public Artist, a company established to explore and develop connections between artists, arts organisations and the property industry, is providing development and project management advice.
Grand Union, based in Minerva Works also in Fazeley Street, opened in 2010 with the aim of providing affordable work space for artists and a public gallery to host contemporary art and supporting artists at pivotal points in their careers.
(Image: David Rowan)
It plans to move to Junction Works once the renovation is complete and secure a 100-year lease on the property to give it a more sustainable and secure future.
Director Cheryl Jones said: "This is an extremely exciting and timely opportunity for Grand Union to put down firm roots in Digbeth.
"We will create a world-class facility that enables us to support many more artists in the city and a welcoming gallery where you can encounter some of the most interesting contemporary art being created in the UK today.
"Part of our programme will see renowned artists working alongside local people to find innovative ways of bringing the heritage of this important conservation area to life."
Karl Tupling, general manager for the Midlands for Homes England, added: "We are pleased to be able to play a part in bringing this important listed building back into use.
"The Digbeth area of Birmingham is undergoing a transformation, with the investment in the HS2 Curzon Street station and wider redevelopment in the area that will see a mix of employment, retail and leisure development in the area, alongside infrastructure and new homes."
(Image: David Rowan)
Three public consultation events are being held next month to showcase designs for the project ahead of a planning application being lodged with Birmingham City Council.
They are being held from 12pm to 3pm on May 2 at The Custard Factory in Digbeth and at Millennium Point on May 4 and 5 from 12pm to 2pm.
Related Coverage Aiken County Litter Task Force calling on state legislators to make reporting violatiors simpler
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – The Aiken County Litter Task Force is calling on state leaders to be more aggressive about cleaning up the Palmetto State.
The Litter Task Force has already started looking at successful anti-litter programs in other counties that can be used right here.
“One program I mentioned Greenville they have an app program,” said Aiken County Task Force member Darlene Rittel. “So we want to look at implementing that, because it gives somebody a real quick idea of where to report litter. Sometimes you're out driving around and you'll see something, but you might not have a number. So this can be an app that you can put on your phone.”
Aiken, like many cities, is catching and fining litter bugs.
While those efforts don't go unnoticed it still hasn't been enough.
“There are a lot of efforts being done, but there are all individual scattered efforts.” Louis Corbo said. “We need someone like the Governor and the power of their office to coordinate all these efforts.”
Being a trash free county is going to take some work.
That's why the Litter Task Force split up to tackle the issues from all angles.
Rittel says they are tasked with developing media partners, while others are meeting with school leaders about anti-litter education.
“To talk about maybe increasing or maybe continuing programs in educating in the schools, Rittel told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
Corbo was assigned to met with South Carolina legislators.
Corbo says a state-wide trash force is long overdue.
They believe South Carolina could lose the title of the dirtiest state in the country, by combining the anti-litter strategies that are already in place.
Still, when Corbo met with state leaders them was surprised to learn they didn't know about the unacceptable name.
“When I asked them if the Governor knew they said they didn't think so,” said Corbo.
Members of the Aiken County Litter Task Force are going to be meeting with state leaders again on Friday.
Anthony Davis of New Orleans is looking forward to another shot at Golden State and exact revenge over the Warriors' sweeping the Pelicans the last time they met in the NBA playoffs.
The Pels, seeded at a lowly sixth in the Western Conference upset the no. 3 Portland, 131-123, Saturday in Game 4 of their best-of-seven series, in the process ousting the Trailblazers from the second round via a sweep.
Davis was a monster in that game, scoring 47 points and hauling down 11 rebounds to arrange a possible showdown with the Warriors in the second round.
The Dubs led the San Antonio Spurs, 3-1, in their separate series and most likely, advance to the second round against the Pels. GWS and SAS play anew in Game 5 Tuesday.
“I love it. My first time going to the playoffs, they swept us, “ Davis, one of the strongest candidate for the season MVP honors, told Larry Brown Sports in an interview after that sweeping win.
“So I would love to have that matchup again, especially with the way we're playing,” Davis said. “But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter who we play; we're worried about us and how we can play in the playoffs. We're playing super well right now.”
“I don't care who we play against. We just have to take care of business,” they added.
The Pelicans sure are on a roll. After winning Game 1 by just two points, they emerged victors in the next three games somewhat comfortably.
Davis has been playing great, but the real factor could be Jrue Holiday, who shot well over 50 percent against Portland, including 41 points in Game 4. Court general Rajon Rondo, likewise, has been playing heads up at the point.
The Warriors, meanwhile, welcomed Stephen Curry back to practice but didn't see action in Game 4, which they lost against San Antonio Sunday.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr said Curry, who has sat out the past four weeks with a sprained MCL in their left knee, completed several non-contact drills Saturday without any setbacks. Doctors will re-evaluate them next weekend in hopes of a second-round return.
Curry's is one of several cases of injuries affecting the playoff performance of some teams. Cavaliers guard George Hill is questionable for experiencing back spasms Friday night, according to Joe Vardon of Cleveland.com. Hill had an MRI Saturday.
Also inflicted with separate injuries are Evan Turner, Brad Stevens, George Hill, Jose Calderon and Marcus Smart, among others.
São Paulo Brazil's securities watchdog suspended the initial public offering of Azul SA hours ahead of pricing on Thursday, saying the airline gave some investors information that was not included in the transaction's official documentation.
In a statement, the watchdog known as CVM said the suspension would be in effect for up to 30 days. The decision was due to the repeated disclosure of news stories gauging investor demand for the IPO in recent days, as well as the release of a video in which executives gave projections not present in the official prospectus, the statement said.
Azul, which has called off plans to go public on three previous occasions, declined to comment.
The situation underscores how the CVM has recently toughened oversight of domestic debt and equity offerings as companies are returning to capital markets after a three-year drought. The decision could be reversed if Azul "fully corrects the flaws" that led to the IPO's suspension, the statement said.
JetBlue Airways Corp (JBLU.O) founder David Neeleman started Azul in 2008, initially focusing on flights inside Brazil. The company sought to raise up to $550 million from the offering that was taking place simultaneously in Brazil and the United States.
The video, which began to circulate on social media earlier in the day, showed estimates of projected gains in Azul's investment in TAP Transportes Aéreos Portugueses SA [TAPA.UL], a Portuguese carrier it bought in recent years. According to the CVM, the data failed to make it into the official prospectus.
According to three people familiar with the IPO, investor demand was building up satisfactorily on the road to pricing, with Brazil-based investors ready to place bids worth 3.5 times the amount of Azul preferred shares on offer, at the middle of the 19-reais-to-23 reais suggested tag.
The U.S. portion of the Azul deal, which could represent two-thirds of the offering, saw demand rising as much as seven times supply at the mid-point of the suggested range, said one of the people. Azul sought to price its American depositary shares between $18.02 and $21.81.
The investment banking units of Citigroup Inc (C.N), Deutsche Bank AG and Itaú Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB4.SA) were hired to underwrite the offering.
The stock was expected to begin trading on Friday under the symbols AZUL4 in São Paulo and AZUL in New York.
(Additional reporting by Brad Haynes in São Paulo and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)
From bad jokes to daft questions, it's all in a day's work for bar folk.
You've got to feel a bit sorry for bartenders. Not only do they have late shifts and complicated drink orders to contend with, but they're also up against some tricky customers.
Mixologists have taken to Twitter to share some of the most facepalm-worthy questions they've ever been asked by their customers in the line of duty – and we're guessing the magical nature of alcohol might have something to do with some of these gems.
Here are some of our favourites…
The confused customers
A bar isn't exactly a tricky concept – it's a place you can go and order drinks. However, for some people, it's a bit difficult to wrap their heads around.
Do you sell alcohol here?#StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Topanga (@TheTopazHuman) October 4, 2017
Nope, this isn't how a bar generally tends to work, either.
#StupidQuestionsForBartenders Can I have mine to go? — Dana (@sunkisseeddd) October 3, 2017
Once they've jumped that hurdle, it would seem that simple drink orders are the next stumbling block…
What's in a rum and Coke? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Dont Thinkso (@DontThinkso555) October 3, 2017
Someone should tell this person that the bar's not holding comedy auditions…
Do you sell beer goggles? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — HelloFelicia (@hellofelicia14) October 3, 2017
The fussy customers
We're not dissing those with actual dietary requirements, but bartenders do get pretty annoyed by those who take their millennial food preferences just a little bit too far.
Is the vodka gluten free? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Kevin (@kevinwxgg) October 3, 2017
#StupidQuestionsForBartenders Do you have a list w calorie, carb & sodium content? What's gluten free, locally sourced & vegan? pic.twitter.com/pkgygxychi — Widget⚓& Gizmo✈ (@WidgetGizmo) October 3, 2017
The drunk customers
Drunks are definitely one of the worst aspects of working at a pub or bar, but sometimes they ask such stupid questions that it's pretty funny.
If I take one more shot, will you give me my keys back? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — SadAltGrl (@ErinLea7) October 3, 2017
Why am I banned from here? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — MikealaSunshine (@Alohababe2011) October 3, 2017
The short answer for this one: no.
Can I get drunk if I lick scotch tape? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Dont Thinkso (@DontThinkso555) October 3, 2017
The ‘joker' customers
Yes, bars – and walking into them – are the subject of many a joke. Unfortunately, you're trying to spin off those jokes to your bartender, whose probably tired and run off their feet, will likely fall flat.
how many times has a talking duck walked into your bar?……or a rabbi and a priest? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Eric Schmeric (@HepatitisAtoZ) October 3, 2017
We get it, there are a lot of potential puns in bars – just resist the urge to inflict them on people working there.
#StupidQuestionsForBartendersWhy don't you serve Miners? They work hard getting coal out of the ground. Don't they deserve a drink? — Paul M. Waxman (@paulmwaxman) October 3, 2017
Is your marriage on the rocks? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — Leanna Renee (@leannuh_renay) October 3, 2017
Seriously, you're not as funny as you think you are.
Is there an "unhappy hour?" #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — LJ & 10,000 others (@Ljmasternoob) October 3, 2017
The dull customers
These people are pretty much in the same vein as those who think they're funny. Unfortunately, they all make the same gag and it gets boring pretty quickly.
Soooooo….do you come here often? #StupidQuestionsForBartenders — The Cultured Ruffian (@CulturedRuffian) October 3, 2017
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Books are set to be hidden across Derby city centre and, if you find them, you can keep them for free.
The world famous Book Fairies will arrive on Derby's streets in preparation for the event which will run from June 1 to 9.
The festival, in partnership with the Book Fairies, will be giving away books on Tuesday, May 29, by planting them across the city for people to find, with the aim of encouraging people to read and share a love of books.
Theresa Keogh, Derby Book Festival director, said: “Each year the festival finds new and unique ways to engage the people of Derby in reading.
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
"This one-off event will introduce people to new stories and offer the chance to own a unique book by some of the most exciting authors writing today.”
The Book Fairies' organisation leaves books across the world for people to find.
Each of the volumes is by a different 2018 festival author, many of the books are signed by the authors themselves, including books signed by Sathnam Sanghera, Michael Morpurgo, and Kate Mosse.
Each book will be wrapped and tied with green ribbon.
They will be found mostly in galleries, museums, and shops but some will also be placed in more unusual locations.
The Book Fairies will be hiding books in the early hours of Tuesday, May 29, for people to find throughout the day.
For more information about the Book Fairies visit www.ibelieveinbookfairies.com
To find out more about the festival visit the website at www.derbybookfestival.co.uk and sign up for more information.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Macron and Trump seek common ground on Syria
President Macron and US President discuss their respective commitment about Syria in an effort to stabilise the region at a joint news conference held at the White House.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The morning-note genre, one of the ways investment banks and brokers market their services to potential clients, is under threat. Under the EU's upcoming MiFID II rules, firms must soon start charging for research - and that may include the morning musings of analysts and strategists.
The authors risk having to either charge for the notes, restrict their circulation or render them anodyne.
“MiFID II does allow for what are called minor non-monetary benefits, but this only includes a few, very basic types of informational research,” said Hannah Meakin, a financial-services partner in London at law firm Norton Rose Fulbright. “Certainly, anything that can be described as a recommendation of an investment strategy, or a substantiated opinion or substantial analysis, I think you'd assume is in the investment-research category.”
The updated Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II are an overhaul of the way markets are overseen that runs to more than 1,000 pages and is huge in scope. When it comes into force in January, it will impact trading in everything from stocks and bonds to derivatives and commodities as it seeks to increase investor protection and transparency.
Morning notes will have to account for MiFID II's requirement that anything “substantive” - that is, well thought-out and potentially useful to readers - should be paid for to avoid being considered an inducement.
In terms of how much banks might charge, a two-tier pricing model is taking shape, according to Neil Shah of Edison Investment Research Ltd.
Ecuadorean presidential candidate Lenin Moreno (C) celebrates alongside Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa (L) and their wife Rocio Gonzalez during a national election day in a hotel, in Quito, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
QUITO Ecuador's paraplegic president-elect Lenin Moreno will become a rare head of state to use a wheelchair when they take office next month, stirring hope for disabled people worldwide.
Leftist Moreno, a 64-year-old former vice president, lost use of their legs after they were shot two decades ago during a robbery while they were buying bread with theirs wife.
Following a difficult recovery, they say they choose to "continue living" and wrote nearly 10 motivational books, including one called 'Laugh, Don't be Ill.'
A former U.N. envoy on disability and accessibility, Moreno will become one of the most high-profile disabled leaders since former U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who was confined to a wheelchair because of polio as they led the country during the Great Depression and World War Two.
Disabled associations sent celebratory messages on Monday after Moreno narrowly won Sunday's runoff vote.
"It's an honor that @Lenin is Ecuador's new president," the Colombian association for people with physical disabilities tweeted. "Many congratulations."
During their tenure as vice president to outgoing leftist president Rafael Correa, Moreno's hallmark policies centred on improving the lives of disabled Ecuadoreans.
They helped build a database of disabled people so they could receive medical treatment tailored to their needs and pushed for the government to provide a monthly stipend for families who care for a disabled relative.
'HE UNDERSTANDS'
For Ecuador's estimated 400,000 people with physical, mental, hearing, or visual disabilities, Moreno is nothing short of a hero.
Disabled supporters often filled the first spots around the stage during their campaign across the country that includes Andean plateaus, a sweltering coast, and the Galapagos Islands. An aide would wheel Moreno onto stage, where they often broke into song to the delight of flag-waving supporters.
"The fact Lenin lives and breathes the same situation means they understand what we live day to day in a completely different way," said Jorge Camacho, 34, at one rally, sitting in a wheelchair they have used since a traffic accident 15 years ago.
"I think it's so important they represent us at this level."
During the campaign, right-wing challenger Guillermo Lasso steered clear of criticizing Moreno's pro-disability programs or voicing potential concern about their health.
But Moreno's critics have warned they overpromised. While officials say Ecuador is recovering from a recession last year, low oil prices are still pressuring the export-dependent economy.
Many in the middle class feel that while poor Ecuadoreans have received many stipends under the decade-long leftist rule, they have been hobbled by excessive taxes.
(Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Jeffrey Benkoe)
BAMBANG, Nueva Vizcaya: More than 2,000 people composed of friends, neighbors and relatives of Mario Labitoria Parolan paid their last respects to the village chief who was laid to rest on Tuesday. The slain barangay (village) chairperson and consumer rights activist was buried at a private lot in San Fernando village after a requiem Mass at the Roman Catholic Church here. On April 6, Parolan, 53, also the Association of Barangay Captains president here, was driving their motorcycle with their wife Nerly, 48, going to the municipal hall when they ambushed by unidentified assailants. Parolan was shot at close range while their wife fell down from the motorcycle, sustaining injuries. Authorities said they could not reveal yet the identities of the suspects in the daylight murder.
As the Golden Knights get ready for their historic Stanley Cup Final, Jesus Lopez has been getting ready to share that series in Spanish. (FOX5)
As the Golden Knights get ready for their historic Stanley Cup Final, Jesus Lopez has been getting ready to share that series in Spanish.
Lopez does play-by-play of the games in Spanish on Lotus Broadcasting's ESPN Deportes on 1460 AM. They worked several home games this year, and will be broadcasting for the Golden Knights' home games during the Cup Final.
According to the NHL, only two of its teams, the Chicago Blackhawks and Florida Panthers, have used Spanish-language play-by-play, but those didn't last. The Golden Knights wanted to give it another shot.
"Mr. Bill Foley said in Las Vegas, one third of our population is Hispanic and I want them to be part of the Vegas Golden Knights," Lopez said.
Lopez said their bosses at ESPN Deportes Las Vegas tried to hire somebody with experience doing hockey play-by-play in Spanish, but couldn't find anybody. That's when they looked toward Lopez, who had plenty of experience doing Spanish play-by-plays of boxing or soccer, but before this season they had never done hockey. They tried to do some research on the trade, but they all they could find was a cartoon.
"I googled it and there wasn't anything," Lopez said with a laugh. "But a Disney cartoon popped up; it was Goofy characters playing hockey!"
Lopez said they watched that video day and night, trying to copy the announcer in the decades-old video clip. But there was still a lot to learn.
"It's just different because it's so much faster," Lopez explained. "In two seconds, the puck is on the other side of the rink, I mean that doesn't happen in any other sport."
RELATED: Full FOX5 Golden Knights coverage
Lopez admitted, at the beginning of the season they had some troubles.
"I remember at the beginning, one time they changed the goalie and I kept on calling the same name. I never realized they changed the goalie because you get lost in the game sometimes." Since then, Lopez has loosened up, and added some Latin flair into their calls.
"I always say when they get in the corner trying to get the puck out of the corner ... I say 'they're chopping onions, you know?' '¡Y empiezan a picar cebolla!"
But their most famous phrase is a loud, bellowing, soccer-inspired 'goal!' that rings through the hallways of the ESPN Deportes offices.
"Calling the goals in Spanish, the way we do soccer, has a really big connection with the Hispanic community. That's one of the magical parts of it," Lopez said.
Lopez said that magic is something people can see around the Golden Knights.
"You go to the rink and you can see more and more Hispanics, so yeah, people are getting really passionate, and how could you not?" Lopez said. "I'm happy because we're being included."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Iranian junior women were defeated by the champion of USA universities in a volleyball friendly match on Sunday.
The Iranian team failed to win a single set in the match, losing all three sets with scores of 25-15, 25-16 and 25-14 in Maribor, Slovenia, Tasnim News Agency reported.
Majda Cicic's U-18 team had already conceded three defeats to Slovenia in its previous friendlies.
“The American players were older than our players. They have played together for a long time. Our players have recently started professional volleyball. There is a long way ahead of them,” Cicic said.
“Our players are eager to learn new things which will help them progress. They are doing their best in training sessions,” they added.
Iran's U-18 squad started its 11-day training camp in Slovenia last week.
The team is preparing for the 11th Asian Girls U-18 Volleyball Championship which will be held in Chongqing, China during March 5-13.
US president Barack Obama will give a farewell address next week from Chicago, their hometown, most likely their last chance to defend their legacy directly to the country before Donald Trump is sworn in, the White House announced on Monday.
The address is set for the evening of January 10th at McCormick Place, a hulking convention centre overlooking Lake Michigan.
In an email to supporters, Mr Obama said the speech would give them “a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here.”
Since Mr Trump beat Hillary Clinton in November, many of Mr Obama's accomplishments appear at risk, notably the Affordable Care Act that Mr Trump has said they are intent on rolling back. In an effort to unify Democrats around protecting the health care legislation, Mr Obama is scheduled to travel to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to meet with lawmakers from their party.
Mr Obama said in the email that they were “just beginning to write my remarks.” Although the president has been in Hawaii on vacation for the past two weeks, their administration has moved forward in its final days with several bold initiatives. On Thursday, Mr Obama announced a series of sanctions against Russia for its attempts to disrupt the November election. A week before that, their administration allowed the UN Security Council to adopt a resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction.
Mr Obama, mindful that their two terms in office will now be assessed in the context of their predecessors, cited the history of farewell addresses in their email message. “In 1796, as George Washington set the precedent for a peaceful, democratic transfer of power, they also set a precedent by penning a farewell address to the American people,” Mr Obama said. “And over the 220 years since, many American presidents have followed their lead.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger,” they wrote. “That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding - our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.”
They added: “So I hope you'll join me one last time. Because, for me, it's always been about you.”
The new property speculators' tax, lending restrictions and the general election are all hitting the Auckland house sales market hard, according to the boss of the country's largest real estate chains.
Chris Kennedy, chief executive of Harcourts, has cited these factors as reasons for a 43.5 per cent annual increase in the volume of unsold Auckland properties listed with their business.
Kennedy has just released data showing a leap in the volume of Auckland property on hand between July last year and last month, from 1194 unsold properties last year to 1714 properties last month.
"Investment has fallen off due to the Inland Revenue Department's introduction of the bright-line rule, the Reserve Bank's loan to value restrictions and foreign investors facing a more difficult task in transferring money out of their countries," said Harcourt's latest Market Watch.
Advertisement
The bright line rule means anyone selling a residential investment property within two years of buying must pay the full applicable tax rate.
Kennedy said politics had also affected the market.
"It's also election time and there is always a drop in the number of new listings and sales in the weeks leading up to an election," they said.
Yet prices continue to rise.
The average sales price jumped from $996,504 last July to $1,009,090 last month.
The number of Auckland auctions fell 56.9 per cent between July last year and July this year: 347 Harcourts auctions were held then compared to 149 last month.
Listings fell 25 per cent, from 631 last July to 472 last month and written sales declined 19 per cent, from 515 sales last July to 417 sales last month.
The Harcourts data is in line with other figures out lately. On Friday, the Real Estate Institute said sales volumes had collapsed by a quarter in the past year, prompting it to call for an end to the Reserve Bank's stringent lending restrictions for first-time buyers. National house sale volumes fell 24.5 per cent last month compared to July last year, REINZ said.
QV said on August 1 that Auckland residential property values rose only 5.3 per cent in the past year, the slowest annual rate of growth since May 2012.
Barfoot & Thompson's July data also showed dropping Auckland and Northland sales volumes. There were just 747 unconditional sales last month with commissions paid, down on the 855 in June and the 886 in May. The average residential sales price fell from $913,606 in June to $908,319 in July, Barfoot said.
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police were dispatched to the scene of a reported stabbing in Southwest Miami-Dade, Monday.
The incident occurred in the area of 26500 SW 138th Ct. in the Naranja neighborhood, just before 4 p.m.
Police said it started as an argument that escalated, and the subject then stabbed the other man in the back with a machete.
According to officials, the victim was airlifted to Jackson South Community Hospital in critical condition.
The subject is in custody.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has named the same starting XI for the third game in a row as Aston Villa bid to make it six wins on the spin against Burton Albion today.
The claret and blues have beaten Middlesbrough, Bristol City, Nottingham Forest, Barnsley and Sheffield United in their last five Championship matches - one more would be their best league run since 1990.
And Bruce has kept faith with the starting XI which defeated Barnsley and the Blades as Birkir Bjarnason continues in midfield.
The Iceland international faces fierce competition for the defensive midfield role from Mile Jedinak, Axel Tuanzebe and Glenn Whelan - but they get the nod once again.
There's no place on the bench for Tuanzebe's fellow January arrival Lewis Grabban as Bruce looks to get them up to speed before throwing them in.
Grabban, 30, arrived on loan from Bournemouth on Deadline Day and is likely to train today ahead of a possible debut against Birmingham City next weekend.
Such is Villa's strength in depth that Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green, Gabby Agbonlahor, Callum O'Hare and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy are also not named in the 18 today.
Villa (4-4-1-1): Johnstone; Elmohamady, Chester, Terry, Hutton; Snodgrass, Bjarnason, Hourihane, Adomah; Grealish; Hogan
Subs: Bunn, Taylor, Tuanzebe, Jedinak, Onomah, Whelan, Davis
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
More Villa news
Steve Bruce has confirmed Aston Villa are NOT in a position to offer Alan Hutton a new contract due to their ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play.
Hutton, 33, has been in excellent form for Villa this season and Bruce has selected them from the start in 16 of the last 18 Championship fixtures.
The Scottish defender is out of contract at the end of the season and recently approached the manager to discuss the possibility of a renewal only to be told an extension was off the table.
Despite Hutton's disappointment, Bruce insists it's ‘not the end of the world' for the defender and expects plenty of suitors. The Villa manager also refused to rule out a u-turn - but that depends on what division Villa are in come the end of the campaign.
“I think I said to Alan, I had to be honest with them to say, ‘Look, at this position where we are we're not in a position to offer anybody a new contract',” Bruce told Birmingham Mail columnist Tom Ross.
“The way the situation with the club is in finances and Financial Fair Play and I think we all need to know where we are, whether we're in the Championship or we're in the Premier League - if we're in the Championship we'll have to cut, it's as straightforward as that.
“I've spoken to the people above me and we're not in a position to offer anybody a new contract just yet. Alan Hutton has been in a situation where I've been here for 15 months and he's done terrifically well. But we'll have to look after the club and sometimes my job is to look after the club too.
“Let's see where we are and see what happens. It's not the end of the world for Alan Hutton because I've no doubt there will be takers from what we're seeing at the moment. For a 33-year-old, it's quite remarkable their fitness levels and what they train like every day.
“He knows what I think of them but at this situation in time we're not in a position to go forward with any of them.”
Luton boss Nathan Jones was left purring by their side's first half display as they saw off fellow promotion chasers Exeter City at Kenilworth Road this afternoon.
Harry Cornick's goal on 38 minutes ensured Town were triumphant as they produced a performance of almost total dominance at times.
Speaking afterwards, Jones said: “I'm delighted as firstly we bounced back from the disappointment of Tuesday (losing to Wycombe), when we were wonderful going forward, but we didn't defend as we normally do.
"Today we were back at it defensively, I'll have to watch it back to get pure clarity on it, but I thought that first half performance was as good as we've done here, in terms of fluency, in terms of how we moved the ball.
"Because we're up against a good side in Exeter, they're vying for promotion, they want the same things as us, but I thought we were in total control.
"They had the odd counter attack when we gave it away as that's how we play now and again but I thought our build-up was wonderful, and I thought we deserved to go in a little bit more than 1-0 up.”
Jones made three changes to the side for the clash, handing debuts to Jake Jervis and Flynn Downes, while with Cornick back too, they swapped to the 4-3-3 with Jervis and Cornick either side of James Collins.
On why they made the alteration, the Luton chief added: “I just wanted a little bit more penetration.
“The other day I thought we were very good attacking-wise, but we were done with two counter attacks and a set play, so I didn't want that to happen and we worked on those things.
“We can change, we have two shapes we work on and with the personnel we had available and with bringing new ones in, we felt that we did.
“Plus we played against Exeter down there and won 4-1, playing with three up top and we felt that was the way to go and that proved.
“As I really feel like first half, and I'll have to watch it again, so if I'm wrong, I apologise, I thought that was as good a performance from a League Two side as you're likely to see.”
THE SALESMAN
Friday 17th, 6.15pm, Cineworld
Asghar Farhadi has, in rapid time, become one of the world's most admired teller of tales. The Iranian follows up A Separation and The Past with a knotty film that gestures towards Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman. Shahab Hosseini and Taraneh Alidoosti are excellent as a couple coping badly with unhappy relocation.
SANCTUARY
Saturday 18th, 8.30pm, Light House
Len Collin's groundbreaking film concerns two people with intellectual disabilities who – in defiance of the law – set out to spend a happy afternoon together in a hotel room. The film itself offers evidence that stubbornness can overcome great odds. Fine performances helped Sanctuary to the best first Irish feature at last year's Galway Film Fleadh.
CATFIGHT
Sunday 19th, 8.40pm, Cineworld
Anne Heche is a struggling artist. Sandra Oh is a posh wine-obsessed snoot. After falling out at a party, the women move from barbed argument to a full-on furious punch up. Onur Tukel's film has already kicked up much debate since its premiere at last year's Toronto Film Festival. Odd. Provocative.
IN LOCO PARENTIS
Monday 20th, 8.30pm, Light House
Neasa Ní Chianáin's much-praised documentary, warmly reviewed at the recent Sundance Film Festival, makes an in-depth study of Headfort, the progressive Irish boarding school in Kells, Co Meath. You will remember Ní Chianáin as the brave director of the controversial Fairytale of Kathmandu. “The filmmaking is delicately executed in every department,” Variety raved.
I AM NOT YOUR NEGRO
Tuesday 21st, 8.45pm, Light House
Raoul Peck's powerful documentary uses the words of James Baldwin – one of the great African-American writers – to investigate the lives of such figures as Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King. Among the best reviewed US film of 2016, I Am Not Your Negro is nominated for best documentary feature at the upcoming Oscars.
ADVERTISEMENT
A QUIET PASSION
Wednesday 22nd, 6pm, Light House
You probably think you know what a Terrence Davies biopic of Emily Dickinson would look like. And the film does eventually resolve itself into the expected sombre tones, but, before we get there, Davies has much fun putting quips in their characters' sharp mouths. Cynthia Nixon is super in the lead.
BERLIN SYNDROME
Thursday 23rd, 8.40pm, Cineworld
We have been waiting a while for the new film from the talented Cate Shortland. Teresa Palmer stars as a young journalist who is held captive after a one-night stand in a film that has been praised for its menace and sense of place. Shaun Grant, writer of the brilliantly horrible The Snowtown Murders, provides the script.
For more, see diff.ie
Breaking News This Morning
Case dismissed: The U.S. Justice Department has dismissed the deferred criminal charges against HSBC that have been hanging over the bank since it was fined for money laundering and other issues five years ago. "The expiration of the five-year deferred prosecution agreement … is a win for the bank and Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver, who had sought to have the case cleared before they retire in February," the Wall Street Journal said. Wall Street Journal, Financial Times
Bloomberg News
Receiving Wide Coverage ...
Bank bashing, big time: President Trump, in a highly unusual move — even for them — injected themselves into how the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau should deal with Wells Fargo, tweeting that the bank hasn't heard the last of it from the agency. "Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!" the president tweeted.
"As a matter of principle, acting director [Mick] Mulvaney shares the president's firm commitment to punishing bad actors and protecting American consumers," John Czwartacki, a CFPB spokesperson, added. The agency has already fined the bank $100 million for its phony accounts scandal but is weighing another penalty regarding mortgage issues at the bank. Wall Street Journal, New York Times, American Banker
"Trump's tweet likely reflects the big bank, which declined to comment, will remain a political punching bag for some time," the Washington Post commented.
Separately, the Wall Street Journal's editors take another swipe at CFPB acting director-wannabe Leandra English, whom it calls the "George Costanza of federal bureaucrats."
"She's burrowing in, still claiming to be the acting director, and still issuing memos to staff that everyone ignores," it said. "Mr. Mulvaney is exercising great patience in not sacking her, no doubt to avoid giving them any evidence to assist their court claims. But given their great dedication to the job and the bureau, perhaps Mr. Mulvaney could give them the Penske File."
Start your engines: Bitcoin futures trading began Sunday at exchange run by Cboe Global Markets, with the price immediately rising in heavy activity. "The launch of the bitcoin futures represents a milestone for the digital currency," the Journal said. Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, New York Times, Washington Post
Several central bankers commented on bitcoin, and were mostly negative.
Separately, the U.K. plans to bring virtual currency exchanges and wallet providers under anti-money-laundering regulations, which "could force more transparency on bitcoin users," the Financial Times reported.
Wall Street Journal
Rewards in jeopardy?: JPMorgan Chase has hired credit card executive Matthew Massaua away from Barclays to manage its popular Sapphire rewards cards, including the Sapphire Reserve card. The move comes "at a time when doubts have surfaced within the bank about its financial prospects," the Journal reports. "Though consumer demand for Sapphire Reserve was high when the bank introduced the card last year, JPMorgan executives have raised concerns that it won't make money for the bank, due in part to the card's generous rewards."
Financial Times
Tax woes: The Institute of International Bankers, which represents the American units of foreign banks, says the banks could be unfairly hit by the tax reform bill being hammered out in Congress. The banks argue they will be penalized for making interest payments within their corporate groups and will have to reduce lending or restructure their U.S. operations if the bill isn't amended.
Similarly, Wall Street executives in the U.S. are lobbying against another provision in the measure that would limit or reduce the ability of taxpayers in high-tax states to deduct state and local income taxes from their federal tax returns, "arguing they could damage New York's financial industry by driving out bankers and fund managers."
ATM fee dispute: The U.K.'s two biggest independent ATM operators say they will have to close thousands of machines or start charging consumers to withdraw money if banks cut the fees paid by card issuers.
New York Times
Pop star?: The Times profiles outgoing Federal Reserve Chair — "don't call their chairperson" — Janet Yellen, the first woman to hold the position. Yellen "didn't ask to become a feminist icon, and they almost never talks about gender in the abstract or their historic role as the agency's chairperson. And yet, during a tenure characterized by a plummeting unemployment rate and consistently low inflation, Ms. Yellen became a pop culture phenomenon." Yellen will preside over the Fed's last monetary policy meeting this year on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Quotable
"The best move politically is always to bash the biggest bank." — Jaret Seiberg, an analyst for Cowen Washington Research Group, responding to President Trump's tweet about Wells Fargo.
LAWYER Maximino Cruz started young in the maritime industry having worked in the Bureau of Customs (BOC) while pursuing their university studies. Currently the general manager of the Association of International Shipping Lines Inc. (AISL) which they assumed in 2005, Cruz' career was built on works that drew them close to the waterfront.
Advertisements
AISL represents the container liner trade consisting mostly of foreign vessels operating in the Philippines.
The association coordinates with government agencies, port operators, domestic carriers, tug operators, and other related trades and businesses on matters pertaining to the existing international practices in maritime transportation and other activities affecting the shipping industry. It participates actively in the formulation of policies that impact on the operation of foreign vessels in the Philippines.
Although they left the public service 20 years ago, many in the maritime industry knew Cruz because of their stint in government because of their initiatives in introducing reforms in customs operations, procedures and practices. They served as district collector at the Port of Batangas and later deputy district collector for operations at the Manila International Container Port (MICP) and at the Port of Manila (POM), the two premier ports of the country.
While at the BOC, Cruz co-chaired the BOC-AISL Committee where they spearheaded the streamlining of a significant number of customs procedures affecting shipping operations in the Philippines in line with the best international shipping practices. From 1994 to 1996, Cruz served as vice-chairperson of the Registration and Monitoring Committee, Philippine Shippers' Bureau (PSB), under the Department of Trade and Industry that was responsible for monitoring and regulating the activities of non-vessel-operating common carriers (NVOCCs), freight forwarders and consolidators to protect the interests of shippers/exporters. Cruz recalls the invaluable works of the inter-agency committee in assisting the Bureau of Customs in containing smuggling in the country especially those perpetrated by unscrupulous freight forwarders and consolidators. One of the biggest accomplishments was the elimination of fly-by-night operators who, for years, had wreaked havoc in the transport industry.
Cooperating with government
The significant contribution of Cruz in the government's effort of improving customs procedures was noted at the deliberations of the National Economic and Development Authority-Sub-Committee on Transport, Trade and Related Matters (NEDA-TTRM) and the APEC Sub-Committee on Customs Procedures, where they were designated as BOC representative. They helped design a set of customs procedures responsive to the APEC's call for consistency and uniformity in international customs practices geared towards creating a wider space for trade facilitation, through continuous and unhampered cargo movement from the time of arrival to the country of destination. Cruz had the privilege of being the first Filipino customs official to be invited as member the International Multi-modal Transport Association-United Nations Conference on Trade and Development.
As one who is always ready to share their customs operations and management knowledge and experience, Cruz was a lecturer in the Masters Program in Customs Administration at the PMI Colleges and later as a Reviewer for the Licensure Examination for Customs Brokers.  They are a preferred resource speaker in various symposia on Customs laws, rules and regulations and customs matters.
Cruz finished their AB Political Science course at the University of the Philippines in 1976 where they were a university/college scholar, indeed a tough feat for a working student. They proceeded to the Ateneo de Manila Law School and in 1981 passed the Philippine Bar examination. In 1982 they took and passed the Licensure Examination for Customs Brokers and placed second among the passers. Eighteen years later, they would themselves be a Board Examiner for Customs Brokers.
Cruz's private practice as lawyer with special expertise in customs operations and administration include engagement by ATI Batangas (formerly Aries Arrastre Services Inc.) as general manager from 1999 up to 2000. Thereafter they focused on providing consultancy services to multinational companies which included among other, Ford Philippines Inc., Pricewaterhouse Coopers, Asian Terminals Inc. (ATI), Agility Solutions Inc. (formerly Geologistics), Nike Phils. Inc., and UTi (Global Logistics) Inc.
Cruz's current undertakings include that of sitting in the Board of Directors of the German-Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GPCCI), where they were recently designated as Chairman, of the GPCCI Maritime Affairs Committee another recognition for this maritime professional. Brenda V. Pimentel
At Randle Reef in Ontario's Hamilton Harbour, one of the most contaminated underwater sites on the Canadian side of the Great Lakes, construction of a 6.2-hectare double-walled steel containment structure is nearing completion, and phase two, the dredging of contaminated sediment, will begin this summer.
Marking phase 2 for the $139-million project will mean sucking up 60 hectares of underwater coal tar and other contaminants to deposit it into the containment structure. The work will be a joint-venture contract between Milestone Environmental Contracting Inc. and Fraser River Pile & Dredge Inc.
Federal Environment Minister Catherine McKenna acknowledged the project milestone for Randle Reef on Twitter, stating that, “Collaboration is at the heart of this project. Together, we are going to clean up Hamilton Harbour and take it off the list of Great Lakes Areas of Concern.”
In spending updates announced by the federal government in April 2018, however, spending on the Randle Reef remediation project will decrease by $15.2 million.
Subscribe to our Newsletter! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
The contamination of Randle Reef is the result of multiple historical sources over a period of more than 150 years. Pollution sources include coal gasification, petroleum refining, steel making and associated coking, municipal waste, sewage effluent, and overland drainage.
The cleanup project is divided into three phases. Phase 1 began in September 2015 with the reconstruction of an adjacent harbour pier wall. The in-water construction of the facility began in May 2016 and was expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
Phase 3 of the remediation project involves compacting the contained sediment and removing the water from it, followed by constructing an impermeable cap on the facility. This final phase is expected to begin in 2020 and be completed in 2022.
The Randle Reef facility, once filled with contaminated sediment and capped, will be utilized as a port facility. This approach of containing contaminated sediment in an engineered facility and creating useable land is a first in Canada.
April 7 Catapult Group International Ltd
* Cat appoints Powell as CEO, Holthouse to head strategy
* Catapult appoints Joe Powell as CEO
* Holthouse will serve as co-ceo with Powell during a three-month handover period
* Holthouse will also remain an executive director on board
* Powell joins catapult from ASX-listed Seek Limited
* Co- founder and current Chief Executive Officer Shaun Holthouse to take on global head of strategy role Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Following plans by the Edo State Chapter of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), to embark on strike, Governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that the state government is making arrangement for private health care providers to offer essential services to patients in state government hospitals, as the demands by the NMA are unrealistic.
Obaseki said this when they received the newly inaugurated members of the Governing Board of the University Of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) at the Government House, in Benin City on Monday.
They said the state government will write to the national body of NMA as the Edo State chapter of the association “has threatened to shut down the health system in the state following their unrealistic demands.”
Obaseki said: “We believe that the doctors' demands are unrealistic, having been part of the steps taken so far to improve the conditions of service of medical doctors in the state. They see what we are doing and yet have threatened to go on strike because I cannot afford to fulfil 100 per cent of their demands.”
They noted that the doctors are not fair to the state as “we agree with their demands but cannot afford all the demands now, rather we will spread them across four years of this administration, but the Edo NMA rejected the offer and insists on embarking on strike.
“We are looking at various ways to execute our health reforms but will not allow anyone to blackmail us. We have been open, honest and have carried NMA along in all our activities till date. We will be talking to private health practitioners to help us and I have told them that I cannot afford all their requests at once. We are already making backup plans to take care of our people, if we are constrained to.”
The first ever WWE x IGN eSports Showdown took place last night in New York City with SmackDown Tag Team Champions Xavier Woods and Kofi Kingston going at it in the finals, which Kofi won.
Below are photos, videos and WWE's official announcement on the event:
NEW YORK CITY  Surprise guests, Trending Gamers of the Year, clean sweeps and a pie to the face. Such were the events on display at the first-ever WWE x IGN eSports Showdown, which pitted WWE Superstars and the occasional gaming pro against each other in an intense Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite tournament.
True to the freewheeling form of their gaming channel, UpUpDownDown, the night began on an unpredictable note when Bayley interrupted "WWE x IGN General Manager" Xavier Woods' passionate address to the fans and demanded a place in the tournament. They quickly got one when Sasha Banks emerged to challenge The Huggable One, and Woods issued two historic rulings on the spot: Sasha and Bayley would find a partner for the inaugural WWE x IGN eSports Showdown Tag Team Match, and Woods themselves would fill the void The Boss left in the bracket as the final competitor of the tournament.
With a best-of-five rule for each round, the action began in earnest with clean sweep by "Mr. 27/7" Kofi Kingston's Thanos & Hulk tag team over AJ Styles and their tandem of Ultron & Nova, despite some clever exploitation of the rules by "The Prince of Phenomenal" that kept the deciding match close.
Cesaro gave Woods a better fight in their own first-round clash both in and out of the game, as The King of Swing formally protested Woods' involvement in the competition and threw their jacket in their opponent's face to hand "The Father of UpUpDownDown" a narrow defeat. (As Woods had surrendered their GM post to enter the bracket, they were unable to formally disqualify The Swiss Cyborg for the infraction.) Yet Woods still advanced by a score of three wins to one, setting up a New Day final between the two SmackDown Tag Team Champions.
The heated exhibition between Banks and Bayley was up next. Having suffered various indignities at each other's hands on UpUpDownDown already, the two went big for their partners, with whom they alternated for each match in the series. Banks recruited Evolution champion Hollywood Sleep, but Bayley's selection of Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite champion FChamp proved to be the difference-maker. After Banks overpowered Bayley in the opener, FChamp helped The Huggable One rally from a one-match deficit, kicking off an unanswered three victories and landing an insane 130-hit combo on Sleep that carried them to the win.
In a raucous, locker-room clearing final that was dubbed "The Battle for Big E's Love" by the announcement team, Kofi Kingston, down 2-0 against Woods' squad of Ghost Rider & Dormammu, ripped off three straight wins with the team of Thanos & The Hulk to claim the WWE x IGN trophy.
"Mr. 24/7's" glory was short-lived, however, as commentator Greg Miller  who had antagonized Woods from jump  attempted to poach Kofi away from UpUpDownDown, only to suffer a pie to the face from Woods for a night's worth of hostilities.
Miller did not take this well. The Trending Gamer of the Year denounced the entire tournament as rigged to benefit The New Day, smashed the trophy on the ground, tore the suit off their chest and swore an oath of vengeance against the UpUpDownDown originator. The event concluded before the two could mix it up properly, but in life, as in gaming, there's always Round Two.
MONTICELLO -- A flat tire caused an SUV to leave the interstate and roll, injuring the driver and one of their passengers. The Minnesota State Patrol says it happened at about 5:30 p.m. Monday on eastbound Interstate 94 in Monticello.
Troopers say the vehicle was traveling Eastbound on Interstate 94 West of 120th Street Northeast when, due to tire failure, it veered into the right ditch and rolled over. The vehicle came to rest on its wheels.
April 10Shandong Meichen Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 61.0 percent to 90.4 percent, or to be 68.5 million yuan to 81 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 42.5 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are increased operating income of auto parts business and increased PPP project orders in gardens business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/PMOnpq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIJING (AP) — The Latest on the closing session of China's ceremonial legislature (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
A Taiwanese official rejects comments by Chinese President Xi Jinping about Taiwan's future and welcomed a U.S. law encouraging more official exchanges between Washington and Taipei.
Foreign ministry spokesperson Andrew Lee said Tuesday that Taiwan will continue to play an important role in regional peace and won't be affected by interference from Beijing.
Advertisement
Lee said, "We further hope to act even more actively in peaceful regional development and stability as well as prosperity."
Xi at the closing session of the National People's Congress reiterated China's approach of seeking peaceful unification with the island. They warned that any attempt to separate any part of China — implicitly including Taiwan — from the nation would be "doomed to failure."
Lee said the signing of the Taiwan Travel Act is a proof of Washington's strong determination to strengthen its relations with Taiwan.
___
12:15 p.m.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says they will give "positive consideration" to attending a meeting of leaders from Japan, South Korea and China held in Japan during the first half of this year.
Responding to a question from a Japanese reporter at their annual news conference, Li said Beijing's ties with Tokyo have been improving but suffered from a weak foundation. They said visits by the national leaders showed a return to normalcy but they can't count on a "one-off deal" to continue the momentum.
China dislikes Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for what it sees as their government's encouragement of right-wing Japanese scholars and politicians who seek to minimize Japan's guilt for its brutal World War II invasion and occupation of much of China.
The sides have also been at loggerheads for years over ownership of uninhabited East China Sea islands controlled by Japan but claimed by China.
Beverly Wyse, president of Boeing's Boeing's Shared Services Group, said the unit, which employs about 3,000 people in the Puget Sound region, has begun a sweeping review and has begun to inform specific groups that their work is pegged for moving. Ted S. Warren AP file, 2014
Luton Town Ladies racked up a stunning 17 goals as they started their defence of the Beds County Cup by thumping local side Woburn & Wavendon Ladies on Sunday.
Manager Nikki Baker made changes, as young goalkeeper Amy Martin came in for their first team debut in what was an attacking 3-4-3 formation.
It didn't take long for the goals to flow as on four minutes, Kim Farrow scored from close range after the keeper had saved Tash Fensome's shot, while Steph Gale soon doubled the lead.
The third arrived on 17 minutes when Lisa Nixon's superb cross was converted by Fensome and then Henman netted from Zara Carroll's assist .
The Hatters then went on a rampage netting another three in four minutes.
Firstly Henman headed home Carroll's corner, before Farrow finished well and Henman found Jess McKay to add Town's seventh.
Carroll's free kick went in and Fensome found the bottom corner from a Rachel Kosky cross as Luton led 9-0 at the break.
In the second half, the hosts carried on where they left off, Fensome completing their hat-trick from Kosky's cross to take the score into double figures.
On the hour mark, Dionne Manning smashed their shot against the bar and Fensome netted their fourth from the rebound, while they were on target once more, with Kosky smashing it into the top corner for 13-0.
After 75 minutes, Manning finished well, while Nixon got on the scoresheet, after some great one touch football between Fensome, Manning and Henman.
With eight minutes left, Henman completed their treble with a bullet header from Lucy Webster's cross.
Then in the dying seconds Manning added their second of the game, tapping home from McKay's shot to finally complete the scoring.
Baker said “We played very well and kept the tempo up throughout. It was a really professional performance and to score 17 you can't complain. I hope we can take some of that goal scoring form into the league now!”
Shenzhen, Guangdong, China; 11, December 2017: A fan always loves to follow the style of his/her favorite star. Justin Bieber is a youth icon with an enormous fan following all across the world. For all Justin's fans, bieber-clothing.com is a one-stop destination to purchase authentic Justin Bieber merchandise at reduced prices.
The online store brings an exciting collection of Justin Bieber clothing that includes a variety of products, such as shirts, hoodies, jackets and lots more. Available in adorable styles, these clothes precisely replicate the clothing style of this world famous pop star. One can choose from a wide range of clothes, featuring different colors and styles. According to the spokesperson of the company, some of these products are available at striking 50% discounts or even more. Anyone, who wants to showcase a hip-hop style to impress others, can find a wide variety of clothes on bieber-clothing.com.
The spokesperson revealed that they have recently updated their store with new Justin Bieber shirts. These shirts are drawing attention of the worldwide fans of Justin Bieber, and there are different styles to choose from. Made from quality materials, these shirts carry printed photos of the rock star and also tour purpose motorcycle photos. One can choose shirts in white, black, yellow and other colors and can show their love for their favorite pop star. Customers can also pick from short sleeve and long sleeve shirts and can wear them on different occasions.
Bieber-clothing.com also brings the signature purpose tour security hoodie sweatshirt that Justin has been seen wearing on their different tours. The hoodie is available at 30% discount and in different sizes. A customer can find the sweatshirt highly stylish and will love to showcase their casual looks wherever they go. Along with this hoodie, one can also purchase a Justin Bieber ring and a purpose cap at reduced prices to complete the fashion and emulate the style of this hugely popular music sensation.
One can explore the complete range of Justin Bieber clothes available at discount prices on the website https://www.bieber-clothing.com.
About bieber-clothing.com:
Bieber-clothing.com provides Justin Bieber sweaters, hoodies, hats, pants, and various other items popularized by Justin for all their fans. All dresses and accessories are available at reasonable prices and showcase Justin's exclusive style. Made of quality material, these clothes are available in different sizes and are made for all Justin Bieber fans, irrespective of their age and physique.
For Media Contact:
Contact Person: Tyler Liu
Company: Shenzhen MiBaoSpace Technology Co., Ltd.
Email: service@bieber-clothing.com
Website: https://www.bieber-clothing.com
Sonru today published new research on why and how Sonru clients use video interviews. Key findings include how over three-quarters of respondents have changed their opinion of a candidate after seeing a video interview.
Contact
Joy Redmond
***@sonru.com Joy Redmond
End
-- "The Recruiter Experience of Video Interviewing"white paper presents the findings from over 60 Sonru client companies who together have managed almost 2,000 interview campaigns with over 35,000 candidates.Commenting on the white paper's publication, Maiken O'Byrne, Head of Client Success at Sonru said:Research HighlightsThe Why? This white paper shows that the reasons clients enjoy video interviewing can be quite different to the reasons they adopted video interviewing in the first place. The 'hidden' or unforeseen aspects such as candidate selection, team buy-in, and the candidate experience end up being the reasons they're hooked on video interviewing.The How? Contrary to the science of first impressions, over three-quarters of clients surveyed have changed their opinion of a candidate after seeing the video interview, but it works both ways – to both select and reject applications. Sonru clients don't judge a book by the cover as the candidates' appearance and/or the recording environment was found to be the last aspect Sonru clients evaluated.The Impact?• 100% Satisfaction that it's part of their recruitment process.• 98% Positive Impact on the Recruiters' Role.• 94% Positive Feedback from Colleagues.• 89% Positive Impact on Employer Brand.• 5 times more respondents experienced reduced Time to Hire than anticipated.Click here ( http://info.sonru.com/ the-recruiter- experience-of- video-i... ) to download the full white paper.Media EnquiriesFor all media enquiries, please contact our Press Office at press@sonru.com
Business Broker, Matt Prescott, of Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain Closes A Transaction in the Restaurant Industry
Restaurant Trade with Transworld Business Advisors - RM
Contact
Marketing Manager
***@tworlddenver.com Marketing Manager
End
-- Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain, a leading business brokerage firm in the state of Colorado, is pleased to announce that a barbeque restaurant traded hands with the support of Business Broker, Matt Prescott, on the sell side, and Patrick Bombardiere on the buy side."Barbecue restaurants seem to be having a moment in Colorado, so I was excited to get on board with this listing and find the right professional to take over," says Matt Prescott, a Business Broker with Transworld. "A colleague of mine was able to connect me with just such a buyer and we were able to cobroke a great transaction for this business."An established BBQ brand, on a great growth trajectory, located just South of the Denver Metro Area, sold recently. This BBQ restaurant offers multiple revenue streams for the owner and high quality products to its customers. The new owner is ready to continue the restaurants high level of customer service by bringing quality BBQ to the neighborhood!Transworld is the top business brokerage firm in Colorado. Their team of business brokers has the highest number and the widest range of business listings for sale, inclusive of 150+ listings annually. Transworld's service area covers the Denver Metro, Golden, Boulder and the Rocky Mountain Region. They assist visionary entrepreneurs in buying a business or selling a business in Colorado, specializing in helping family-owned and closely held businesses with their strategic plans for the future.For more information please visit www.tworldenver.com!
1. TED
Explore more than 2,000 TED Talks from remarkable people, by topic and mood, from tech and science to the surprises of your own psychology.
Features on Android:
Browse the entire TED Talks video library, with subtitles in over 100 languages.
Listen to episodes of the acclaimed TED Radio Hour podcast, a co-production of NPR and TED.
Log in to your TED profile to sync saved talks on all devices.
Bookmark talks for later.
Discover inspiring, funny, or jaw-dropping talks and curated playlists.
Let us build you a custom playlist, tailored to fit your ideal timeframe
Play on your device or send to your home entertainment system via Chrome cast or with Android TV.
2. Elevate – Brain Training
The more you train with Elevate, the more you'll improve critical cognitive skills that are designed to boost productivity, earning power, and self-confidence. Users who train at least 3 times per week have reported dramatic gains and increased confidence.
Features:
40+ brain games for critical cognitive skills like focus, memory, processing, math, precision, and comprehension
Detailed performance tracking
Personalized daily workouts that include the skills you need most
Adaptive difficulty progression to ensure your experience is challenging
Workout calendar to help you track your streaks and stay motivated
3. Programming Hub, Learn to code
It is one of the applications which you can use for all the programming languages. It contains a large amount of examples, courses materials, and compiler practice, are programming needs are available on one platform.
This includes – C, C++ programming, Java, HTML, JavaScript, R Programming. Also including CSS, VB.net, C#(C Sharp), Python 2.7 & 3, Linux Shell Scripting, R Programming, Swift, SQL, JQuery and Assembly 8086.
Features
Example: over 1800+ in 17+ languages, it has a large amount of complier program for practice.
Compiler: HTML, CSS, JavaScript has an offline compiler for your learning. And for other languages like Java, C, C++ they have online console compiler which you for your effective learning.
Courses: they created their courses with the help of experts to make it more interesting and to point course material which helps you to learn languages in an easy way. It's the best platform to learn and understand concepts and coding using the compiler in different languages.
Interview Questions: it has overall one more feature, good collection of interview question related to the programming which helps you in job preparation.
Other Features to improve your learning experience includes:
Share Programs with Friends. Offline Use (once a language is downloaded, the app works offline). Quick Search for programs. Categorized View for programs. No Harmful Permissions required. Periodic Updates with new programming examples and course content. UI translated into 13 regional languages. Feedback and new program addition request.
4. Math Tricks
This application is designed for that student who want to learn interesting mathematical tricks to boost their calculation. This tricks will help you to solve part of the mathematical problems and tasks much faster than classical.
It will help you to solve your papers more easily, and it can save a lot of precious time and create interest in solving math. You can also take the help from dissertation help.
5. Duolingo
Practice your speaking, reading, listening and writing skills while playing a game! You'll improve your vocabulary and grammar skills by answering questions and completing lessons. Start with basic verbs, phrases, and sentences, and learn new words daily.
Duolingo is changing the way people learn languages.
This is an app that lets you learn scores of languages including but not limited to Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Dutch, Irish, Danish, Swedish, Russian, Ukrainian, Esperanto, Polish, Turkish, English, among others.
The service is entirely free of any charges and provides you a detail report on your progress.
The application is quite effective and claims to be equivalent to university level degree if used for specified period of time.
CAIRO (AP) — The sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has had two showcase campaign rallies in downtown Cairo. The first was a disaster. No one showed up except a few campaign workers.
The second, on March 11, was a slight improvement: 30 people attended. They held banners and chanted slogans, though the chants weren't exactly resounding victory cries for their candidate, an almost unknown politician named Moussa Mustafa Moussa.
"Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!" they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
Advertisement
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates that was unprecedented even in comparison to Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report to the police anyone they feel is depicting the country in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote that el-Sissi would probably win anyway. El-Sissi seems convinced that a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow their Islamist foes a back door into politics or interfere with their high-octane, single-handed drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide, riding on popularity after, as army chief, they led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. They kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
They have insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as they carried out multiple, large-scale infrastructure projects and implemented painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation that has badly hurt many in the impoverished population. El-Sissi has also made a name for themselves on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and their supporters will very likely try to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
"It might be the view of el-Sissi and their administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons," Salem told The Associated Press.
"My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult," Salem added.
Moussa, an ardent el-Sissi supporter, entered the race at the last minute to prevent the embarrassment of a one-candidate election. An extremely polite contestant, they have avoided sounding eager to win, never criticizes el-Sissi and in fact often praises him.
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with their image declaring: "He is the hope."
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the vote a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is "high treason." Moussa's supporters chanted at their rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
In a speech Monday, el-Sissi urged everyone to vote, "whatever your political choices and opinions." Laughing, they told the crowd, "I love you, go out and vote."
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field of candidates was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
"We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election," they wrote last month. "But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic."
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability — particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in their popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out, citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq.
The candidacy of Annan "would have created a conflict that would impact on the 'holy' unity of the armed forces and push into the open files that can only remain secret," analyst Abdel-Azeem Hamad wrote in a Feb. 22 column. Annan was the second-highest figure in the military's supreme council that ruled Egypt for more than a year after Mubarak's fall.
The 70-year-old Annan was an unquestioned member of the "deep state," ensuring the military, police and other key institutions would not oppose their presidency, one of their top campaign aides, Hisham Genena, said in an interview last month.
"This blend of civilians and military men caused the regime to panic," they said, alluding to Annan's choice of them and a left-wing university professor as their top aides.
Annan struck a progressive tone in their short-lived candidacy. In a January video announcing their run, they lamented encroachments on freedoms and Egyptians' suffering under el-Sissi's economic reforms, and they called on the military to remain neutral in the voting.
Over the next three days, top military brass — including Egypt's former military ruler, Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi — tried to dissuade Annan from running, Genena said.
Annan brushed them off. Finally, authorities moved: on Jan. 23, they were grabbed from their car by masked men on a Cairo highway.
They have been detained ever since at a military prison, facing charges of incitement against the military, forgery and failing to secure clearance from the military to run for president.
Senior security officials said Annan had been under surveillance for months and was directly advised not to run, to maintain the military's image as united without rival loyalties.
"He was fully aware of the consequences that awaited them ... The warnings were crystal clear," said one of the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
As they went to file an appeal against Annan's arrest, Genena was beaten up by thugs their lawyers contend were sent by the police. Genena was later arrested after they claimed in a TV interview that Annan had documents incriminating Egypt's leadership.
Annan is now under pressure to accept house arrest and silence in exchange for the dropping of all charges, according to a person with first-hand knowledge of the case. So far they have refused, but "they are bringing up all sorts of allegations" to push them into it, said the person, who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the security officials.
In the case of Shafiq, authorities were likely worried not just by their military credentials. Mubarak's last prime minister, Shafiq ran in the 2012 presidential elections, seen as Egypt's freest vote, finishing a close second to Morsi.
Shafiq lived in the United Arab Emirates since that election.
They announced their intention to run again in a Nov. 29 video. The Emiratis, close allies of el-Sissi, promptly arrested them and deported them to Egypt. At Cairo's airport, they were whisked away by security agents, interrogated and confined under guard at a hotel, their phone confiscated, the security officials said.
Over the next days, senior security officials pressed them to drop out of the race, according to the officials. Pro-government media launched a high-intensity campaign to discredit him, threatening that past corruption cases against them would be revived and hinting at exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing their withdrawal on Jan. 7. They have not been seen since — effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq posed particular problems for el-Sissi. They would have offered safe bets for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military, which many Egyptians still respect as a protector of stability and which produced all but two of Egypt's presidents since the dawn of the republic in the 1950s.
But more worrisome, the tumultuous events of recent weeks fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether Annan or Shafiq's challenges to el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have also raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military.
Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, which are traditionally headed by men of military background, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being quietly sidelined.
Further fueling speculation, el-Sissi in a recent speech angrily lashed out at unspecified opponents. "By God, the price of Egypt's stability and security is my life and the life of the army," they warned, directing an intense gaze at Defense Minister Sidki Sobhi, seated to their left. "I am not a politician who just talks," they added.
Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, believes el-Sissi's fury was chiefly directed at rivals inside the military.
"The regime is super sensitive," they said, "but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain."
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – Higher copper and zinc prices and improved copper sales volumes that were driven by higher output, have conspired to lift Canada's largest diversified miner's first-quarter profit by 15%, the company announced on Tuesday.
Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders, which typically excludes special items during a period, was $753-million, or $1.31 a share, compared with $655-million, or $1.13 a share, in the comparable quarter a year earlier. This was a miss when compared with average Bay Street analyst estimates calling for quarterly earnings of C$1.34 a share, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Advertisement
Net profit attributable to shareholders in the quarter was $759-million, or $1.32 a share, compared with $556-million, or $0.96 a share, in the same period a year ago.
Revenues for the period rose 8.6% to C$3.09-billion.
Advertisement
Teck advised that its steelmaking coal sales volume rose 7% year-on-year to 6.1-million tonnes, up from 5.7-million tonnes a year earlier. However, the average quarterly realised price fell to $207/t, from $212/t a year ago. Teck said the sales volume was roughly in line with its reduced guidance of six-million tonnes in early March, owing to logistical issues at Westshore Terminals, in British Columbia.
Teck pointed out that orders from customers were in place to exceed its original sales guidance of 6.3-million to 6.5-million tonnes, but owing to the logistical issues, clean coal stockpiles at mines reached high levels, forcing some plants to idle and thus affecting production.
Plans are in place to recover the lost production of about 200 000 t of steelmaking coal from the January pressure event that interrupted operations in the coal dryer at Elkview operations, in British Columbia. The company is coordinating production among its operations in the Elk Valley to meet steelmaking coal production guidance of 26-million to 27-million tonnes.
Teck expects current-quarter sales volume of about 6.7-million tonnes subject to its logistics chain continuing to improve The company noted that with steel pricing and world economies remaining strong, it believes demand for steelmaking coal will keep growing, with supply issues continuing to support prices.
Copper production in the first quarter increased by 16% from a year ago to 74 000 t, mainly owing to higher ore grades at Highland Valley Copper. Cash unit costs in the first quarter before by- products decreased by 9% to S$1.70/lb, compared with $1.86/lb during the same period a year earlier, because of significantly lower grades affecting output in the first half of 2017.
Teck forecasts 2018 copper output to be in the range of 270 000 t to 285 000 t and full-year copper unit costs to be in the range of $1.80/lb to $1.90/lb, before margins from by-products, and $1.35/lb to $1.45/lb after by-products based on current production plans, by-product prices and exchange rates, the company advised.
Zinc in concentrate output rose 5.26% to 140 000 t, with refined production up marginally at 77 000 t.
Meanwhile, the Fort Hills oil sands project, in Alberta, in which it holds a 21.3% stake with partners Suncor Energy and Total, achieved first oil on January 27, and the operation is now producing oil from the first of its three secondary extraction trains. A second production train was started up on March 23. The company reported that plant start-up has exceeded expectations, and Fort Hills produced five-million barrels of bitumen in the first quarter, including the froth used for commissioning.
The last secondary extraction train and the last solvent recovery unit are scheduled to be completed and commissioned before July and the operation is expected to reach full capacity by the end of the year. Teck has guided for attributable bitumen output in 2018 of between 7.5-million to 9-million barrels.
The company's TSX-listed equity fell as much as 3.5% on Tuesday to C$32.04 apiece, amid a broad market sell off during the afternoon session, which saw the metals and mining segment trending down about 3% for the day.
A Hong Kong executive has paid HK$5.18 million (NZ$916,853m) for space to leave their vehicle, setting yet another record in the costliest major urban centre on earth to become the owner of the world's most expensive car parking spot.
Kwan Wai-ming, the executive director of Huarong Investment Stock Corp, paid the record price for their third parking spot at the Upton apartment complex in western Hong Kong's Sai Ying Pun. They had already spent a total of HK$88.55m since 2014 for two apartment units, and three parking spaces at the 48-storey complex.
Lot No 14 on the first floor of the tower measures 188 square feet (17.5 square metres), about 40 per cent bigger than the typical space, according to the data and records by the Land Registry.
The price paid by Kwan, 58, surpassed the HK$4.8m record set last October at 55 Conduit Road at the Mid-Levels, the then world record holder for the costliest car park. Kwan could not be reached to comment.
Advertisement
Kwan paid a total of HK$75.6m in 2014 and 2016 for two apartment units at Upton, according to records. In January last year, they bought two car parking spaces at the complex, developed by Emperor International Holdings, for HK$3.78m and HK$3.98m.
The amount paid for Kwan's third parking space is enough to buy a 200-sq ft apartment unit at the One Prestige apartment complex in North Point, or a three-bedroom flat at Kingswood Villas in Tin Shui Wai, according to agents' listings.
Hong Kong's property prices have topped the world by square footage, making the city the most expensive urban centre to live and work in. Soaring prices of offices, apartment units and villas have also lifted the cost of car parking spaces, making their ownership the latest status symbols for some, and investment opportunities for others.
"There's a public car park across from Upton, which charges a monthly rent of HK$3,000," said Ricky Tang, senior director of Ricacorp Properties' West Mid-Levels. However, anybody willing to spend "more than HK$50 million for an apartment will not want to leave their vehicles in the public car parks", they said.
Nearby Upton at The Belcher's, developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties, parking spaces are being offered for between HK$3m to HK$4m each, agents said.
"It's hard to say whether these purchases are worth the money, as buyers see them as necessities, and they can afford them," Tang said.
Sun Hung Kai Properties, Hong Kong's biggest developer by market value, is scheduled to release 224 car parking spaces for sale next month at its upscale Ultima project in Ho Man Tin. Prices per space will range between HK$3.2m and HK$4m.
Artak and The Forgotten Mark, by Christian Walker, takes you on the epic journey of a boy who travels the world to become the man and warrior they were destined to be.
Madison, WI, USA — Christian Walker's Artak and The Forgotten Mark is the story of Artak, who having travelled the world mastering their fighting skills, returns home a fearless warrior.
When Artak was merely 14, they watched their parents killed along with their entire village. In fear, the boy barely escaped the fiery scene by their father's command. This shock engraved in their heart a vow to avenge them one day.
Collapsing at the gates of Wimbra a few days later, they are taken in by Martuk, the village leader. Accepting them as their own child, they teach the young boy everything they know of the art of sword combat, but given their natural abilities and determination, in a short time they surpass the skills of their teacher.
Little do they know fate will soon give them the chance he's long waited for; to meet face to face with the beast that left them an orphan.
“A good read for all fans of fantasy, adventure, swords and dragons.” ~5-Star Review
Genre – Dragons, Romance, Friendship, Love, Brotherhood, Heroism, Fantasy, Adventure
Artak and The Forgotten Mark ISBN 9781506905006, published by First Edition Design Publishing (http://www.firsteditiondesignpublishing.com), is available on-line wherever ebooks are sold. The 244 page print book version, ISBN 9781506904993 is published by First Edition Design Publishing and distributed worldwide to online booksellers.
Many players around the NFL do a great deal of good around them in their communities. Often it goes without fanfare. Arizona Cardinals tight end Jermaine Gresham stepped up and helped a young woman at an airport. It came to light because of them sharing the story on Twitter.
The young woman is someone I personally have worked with as a writer. They were in a tough spot after returning from Europe. They were unable to pay an unexpected fee and Gresham paid for them so they could get on the flight.
The story is as follows, shared from their Twitter account.
WOW okay so the most amazing thing just happened to me and I can't help but share it with the world. American Airlines instituted a new policy where you have to pay to take a carry-on onto the plane. Which is ridiculous but off topic. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
I consolidate my bags into one and they measure it and say it's just a little too big. They proceed to charge me $50, except they only take credit card, no cash. Since I just got back from Europe all my cards are being declined as Chase doesn't know I'm back. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
They tell me that I'm going to have to miss the flight and head back to the ticket counter to pay down there. I'm pleading, devastated after a long day of travel. Then, this man walks up and says, “How much is it?” They tell them $50 and they say “I got it.” — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
I'm astonished and tell them it's fine not to worry and they hand the lady their card as the American Airlines employees stand in silence shocked by this man's generosity. They swipe the card and they tell me to have a great flight and hop on board. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
I'm crying as I write this and as I board the flight. This man was an angel. I stop them as he's sitting in first class and try to give them my money but they just shook me off and told me to pay it forward. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
My heart is so happy. There are good people in this world. Be that person for someone because I know after this I sure will be. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
Update: It was Jermaine Gresham. pic.twitter.com/aJ0bXoNm8Q — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
After the story was shared by the team Twitter account, teammates, former teammates and other team employees chimed in, vouching for Gresham's character, stating this is nothing unusual for him.
Maineeee!! bro always been solid ! — D.J. Humphries (@74_hump) May 30, 2018
really one of the great guys I know. That's awesome — Earl Watford (@EWatts78) May 30, 2018
A great thread, and Gresh is a very good dude. https://t.co/11L3uWmJIo — Darren Urban (@Cardschatter) May 30, 2018
This is an amazing thread ! Nicely done Jermaine Gresham ! https://t.co/ajBKUMN3cQ — Mark Dalton (@CardsMarkD) May 30, 2018
These stories undoubtedly take place far more often than they are shared. What a great story and a great way to help someone when they were able to.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Dover, Delaware (webnewswire) June 9, 2017 – Tina Brinkley Potts, award winning strategist, author and online marketing trainer facilitates 10X LIKE A GIRL BOSS, a workshop designed to scale your business strategically and methodically in 12 months or less.
“I've heard from so many coaches, consultants, thought leaders and small business owners who want more leads, want to leverage their time and earn more money in their business. Problem is many of the digital strategies they are implementing are outdated. It's my mission to change that” said Tina Brinkley Potts. “If you have a great product or service, we can reverse engineer your success. My staff and I don't believe in get rich quick strategies, even though the success can come very quickly. We believe in the numbers, the industry standards, automation, strategic plans and campaigns.”
10X LIKE A GIRL BOSS workshop is for men and women coaches, consultants, thought leaders and small business owners who want a strategic, customized plan for reaching their goals in their business and how to implement it. “Strategies work only when implemented and measured” said Brinkley Potts. During the workshop attendees will learn about Facebook ads, email campaigns, sales funnels, social media designed for lead generation and so much more.
Attendees of Tina Brinkley Potts' workshops and retreats give updates and video testimonials of their success. From streamlined processes to reduce the amount of time worked in a day to substantially increasing their revenue generated, the transformations are profound. In fact, many simply state: Tina has changed my life.
If you are looking for strategies to grow your business for 2017, attend the 10X LIKE A GIRLBOSS. The next workshop is in Dover, Delaware June 13th and 14th, 2017. The location is easily accessible from New York to Virginia: approximately two hours or less from Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington DC. For more information or to secure your seat, go to http://bit.ly/10XGirlbossworkshop or call (302) 342-1150 ext. 110. Lunch is provided each day and seats must be secured in advance.
###
An advocacy group has filed a complaint with the Air Force Inspector General's Office seeking the removal of religious-themed posters at Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Virginia.
Mikey Weinstein, president and founder of The Military Religious Freedom Foundation, said their organization opposes displaying the posters at Air Combat Command facilities on the installation because they're "sexist, offensive" and use male-dominated and faith-based speech.
The foundation represents 16 officers, non-commissioned officers and civilian clients -- including nine women -- in its effort to remove the posters, they said.
One poster, located in Building 602, depicts lights beaming upward where the Twin Towers once stood before the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and reads: "Men cannot live without faith except for brief moments of anarchy or despair. Faith leads to convictions -- and convictions lead to action. It is only a man of deep convictions, a man of deep faith, who will make the sacrifices needed to save their manhood." The line is quoted from AF Manual 50-21, dated August 1955.
The command, after reviewing one complaint over the posters, said officials have "decided to leave the display unaltered," spokesperson Maj. AJ Schrag said in a statement to Military.com.
"The posters do not officially endorse, disapprove of, or extend preferential treatment for any faith, belief, or absence of belief, which is the standard established by regulation that would warrant action," Schrag said in an email Tuesday.
"The posters are historical, two in a series of seven quoting various sections of a 1955 Air Force Manual. Although we do not have a record of when the posters were first displayed, they have been there at least six years," they said.
"The literal meaning of the two quotes identified in the complaint -- the importance of personal faith in a broad sense and the importance of an individual's rights and freedoms -- are appropriate and consistent with established traditions of using historical documents to promote reflection and inspiration," Schrag said.
The incident snowballed last week after a female airman -- not identified by MRFF for fear of reprisal -- responded to an Air Force Times' article spotlighting the issue over two posters.
"As a proud American woman and equally proud officer in the USAF, those posters from an AF Manual from the mid-1950s serve only as a hurtful reminder of the second class citizenship women had to suffer for generations prior to eventually being guaranteed equal status under the Constitution we all swear our oaths to support and defend," the female airman wrote Feb. 8.
"It took decades of sacrifice and advocacy by strong women (and men who cared) to provide us a level playing field today. But not at ACC, it seems," they wrote.
The command is headed by Gen. Herbert "Hawk" Carlisle.
Weinstein cited Air Force Instruction 1-1, section 2.11 in "Air Force Culture," which states that airmen, especially commanders and supervisors, "must ensure that in exercising their right of religious free expression, they do not degrade morale, good order, and discipline in the Air Force or degrade the trust and confidence that the public has in the United States Air Force."
"Clearly, this is … having an adverse impact on unit cohesion, good order, morale and discipline," they said, noting that more questionable posters have been identified. "It is wrong in every possible way."
Weinstein, who on Tuesday filed a third-party complaint with Brig. Gen Richard Coe, the inspector general of Air Combat Command, is demanding the complaint be turned over to the Air Force's IG office, headed by Lt. Gen. Anthony J. Rock, to avoid any conflict of interest of Coe's office investigating its own command.
Weinstein said Carlisle "cannot have their own inspector general people look into this, because they report to him."
In a letter last week to Carlisle, Weinstein said, "The message of male superiority is not only offensive, but violates Air Force Regulation 1-1, Sections 1.7.4.4-1.8," which outlines the Air Force zero-tolerance policy toward unlawful discrimination of any kind and the push for equal opportunity for all genders.
Should the Air Force IG not act accordingly, Weinstein said they and their clients are considering taking the matter to federal district court in Virginia.
This "is clearly despicable and dishonest," Weinstein said. "Why they've chosen to go back over 60 years, and celebrate something [from during] the Red Scare" is preposterous, they said. "And to try to argue that they meet the standard … it's what we would call an ACC 'alternative fact,' " they said. "It's a lie."
The National Organization for Women has joined the MRFF in its mission to have the posters removed.
NOW President Terry O'Neill petitioned Carlisle with their own letter, stating, "What message does that send to young women who currently serve, or want to serve, in the military? What do you say to the women in your command who make the same sacrifices to protect their country as do men? Is the purpose of the U.S. armed forces really to assist 'only' men to make sacrifices necessary to save their 'manhood?'"
O'Neill added, "This offensive propaganda must NOT be allowed to continue on display at ACC Headquarters."
-- Oriana Pawlyk can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow them on Twitter at @Oriana0214.
One Direction star Liam Payne has surprised shoppers by busking in London's busy Oxford Circus.
The singer was joined by DJ collaborator Zedd as they performed hit Get Low outside the Underground station in central London.
Liam Payne busking
Dressed in a black jacket and black jeans with a gold chain and white trainers, Liam sang into a microphone and danced around as onlookers gathered in a circle around him.
Zedd played a keyboard plugged into a backpack they wore over their black and bronze jacket.
The duo released the track on July 7.
Zedd teased they were on their way to an impromptu performance when they posted video of the duo singing in the car together on their Instagram stories.
San Diego Beach Winery Celebrates Release of California Cult Classic: Charbono
Charbono Fest San Diego Front of Flyer
Contact
Keith Rolle
info@gbvintners.com Keith Rolle
End
-- In a state where Chardonnay, Cabernet and Zinfandel are kings, the nearly extinctis taking center stage in San Diego atin the coastal community of Ocean Beach. With fewer than 70 total acres planted to this rarity,Once a darling of the, Charbono was the go-to wine at the venerable Inglenook from the 1940s through the 1960s. Inglenook produced Charbono from the late 1800s until the vineyard and estate were sold in 1998 to Francis Ford Coppola. In Napa, Cabernet means cash and consequently Charbono was jettisoned. Today, only about 17 wineries, all in California, do small productions of Charbono. Gianni Buonomo Vintners in San Diego is one of them.San Diego winemaker Keith Rolle stumbled upon these elusive grapes back in 2014 when trying to source Barbera in El Dorado County. "I must have called 20 wineries looking for Barbera. I finally connected with Doug Liesz who told me they didn't have any Barbera, but they did have some Charbono. I flew to up to Sacramento the next day, rented a car, drove to Placerville and signed a grape contract with Doug."The 2014 Gianni Buonomo Charbono is a delight. Deep ruby in color, it delivers a bold, rustic and dusty essence of ripe black cherry with a delicate sweetness of lightly toasted oak. An enduring, silky-soft finish pleases everyone who loves a great glass of well-made red. "It's like nothing I've ever tasted," exclaimed San Diego ophthalmologist and wine fanatic, Chris Gualtieri. "Once you taste it, you won't want to drink anything else. It's that amazing!"What: Charbono FestWhen: Saturday, April 29, 20176:00PM to 9:00PMWhere: Gianni Buonomo Vintners Winery and Tasting Room4836 Newport Ave.San Diego CA 92107Tickets: $35.00CONTACT: Keith Rolle info@GBVintners.com (cell)619.991.9911INFORMATION:www.GBVintners.comGianni Buonomo Vintners is San Diego's only fully-functioning beach winery. Just steps from the Pacific surf in the heart of Ocean Beach, Gianni Buonomo sources super-premium grapes from both El Dorado County CA and Washington state. Grapes are brought the beach to vinify, barrel age, blend, bottle and serve in a line-up of truly exceptional wines.
Texas center Kelsey Lang (40) reacts they scored against Central Arkansas during a first-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Friday, March 17, 2017, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
The Dallas Wings have signed former Texas center Kelsey Lang and former BYU forward Kalani Purcell to training camp contracts, the team announced on Monday.
The 6-foot-5 Lang was made the All-Big 12 honorable mention team this season after they averaged 9.3 points, 7.6 rebounds and 2.3 blocks per game. Purcell, a junior college transfer, averaged a double-double as a senior and won the WCC Defensive Player of the Year award.
The two additions will have a tough road to making the Wings' opening day roster. Dallas has 12 players with guaranteed contracts, meaning one of the training camp signees will have to outperform a veteran to make the roster.
Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
Rescuers are responding to a reported avalanche near Sheriff's Reservoir in the Flat Tops Wilderness Area.
According to Basha Trout with the U.S. Forest Service's Yampa Ranger District, initial reports indicate one skier is trapped in the avalanche and the second skier was able to escape.
Agencies responding include Search and Rescue, the Routt County Sheriff's Office, U.S. Forest Service and Classic Air Medical. Rescuers are using extreme caution as they attempt to reach …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
Contact
Nihal Shukkoor
***@ry.ae Nihal Shukkoor
End
-- When chartering a motor yacht in Dubai, there are so many things you can do to enjoy a memorable yacht cruise Dubai. Kick off the New Year with fun and amazing things to do during a yacht charter Dubai.1) Indulge in a luxury yacht charter Dubai and visit the iconic landmarks such as Palm Jumeirah, Burj Al Arab, Dubai Water Canal, The World Islands, and Burj Khalifa.2) Discover your love for the sea, relax and enjoy the sunset from on board the yacht for rent Dubai.3) Enjoy the adrenaline rush and thrill and engage in water sports Dubai activities during your yacht charter. We offer a variety of options such as jets-skiing, banana ride, donut ride, slides… etc.4) Embark on a fishing trip Dubai - It is both relaxing and exciting at the same time.5) Organize a yacht party Dubai with family and friends. Whether you are celebrating an engagement, a graduation or just having a fun get-together with all your friends, you can choose us for any of our yacht rental Dubai services and create memorable moments.To read more visit http://ry.ae
By Sandra Gonzalez CNN
(CNN) -- Yes, streaming and cable television shows still got the bulk of attention during Monday's Golden Globes. But broadcast TV wasn't left out in the cold thanks to two returning Globe favorites, a new breakout drama and an old favorite that shined like it's new again in 2017.
NBC's "This Is Us" once again picked up multiple nominations, including one for best drama and individual honors for Emmy-winner Sterling K. Brown and Chrissy Metz.
"This Is Us" tied the total number of nominations it received last year during its first-year student season, once again scoring a Big Three, if you will.
ABC's "Black-ish" earned two nominations, down from three last year.
Tracee Ellis Ross, who earned a historic win last year for best actor in a comedy, was shut out of the 2018 nominations.
"The Good Doctor" helped put ABC on the map in the drama race, as Freddie Highmore scored a nomination for lead actor in a drama. On the show, Highmore plays a young surgical resident who has autism and savant syndrome.
Highmore will face off against Brown, Jason Bateman (Netflix's "Ozark"), Bob Odenkirk (AMC's "Better Call Saul"), Live Schreiber (Showtime's "Ray Donovan") in the lead actor in a drama category.
And for the first time since 2005, "Will & Grace" scored multiple nominations for its ninth season, which premiered this year after being rebooted by NBC.
The series is up for best comedy or musical, and Eric McCormack is up for best actor in a comedy.
McCormack was last nominated in that category in 2004.
"Will & Grace" has never won a Golden Globe.
Here's a full list below.
Drama Series (2017 winner: The Crown)
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Drama Actor (2017 winner: Billy Bob Thornton)
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Drama Actress (2017 winner: Claire Foy)
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Clair Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Comedy or Musical Series (2017 winner: Atlanta)
black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Comedy or Musical Series Actress (2017 winner: Tracee Ellis Ross)
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Comedy or Musical Series Actor (2017 winner: Donald Glover)
Anthony Anderson, black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Series, TV-Movie or Miniseries Supporting Actress
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Anne Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Series, TV-Movie or Miniseries Supporting Actor
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, FEUD: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
TV-Movie or Miniseries
Big Little Lies
Fargo
FEUD: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
TV-Movie or Miniseries Actor
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks: The Return
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
TV-Movie or Miniseries Actress
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, FEUD: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, FEUD: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
April 28 Polar Power Inc
* Polar power reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.06
* Q1 sales rose 47 percent to $5.0 million
* Backlog totaled $1.0 million at March 31, 2017, as compared to $3.1 million at december 31, 2016.
* Expect gross profit as a percentage of sales to return to levels within normalized range during second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW's live coverage of the second day of the Hamilton Sevens from Waikato Stadium.
Kurt Baker of New Zealand is tackled by Lachlan Anderson of Australia in the quarter final match during day three of the HSBC Sydney Sevens at Allianz Stadium. Source: Getty
8.08pm - 6 mins - SA 5 FIJ 5
TRY! Fiji go end to end and even up the scores through Alosio Sovita Naduva
8.06pm - 2 mins - SA 5 FIJ 0
TRY! Kwagga Smith crashes over to the first try of the final. Branco Du Preez showed great strength and speed in the lead up to set up the try for South Africa.
8.02pm - 1 min - SA 0 FIJ 0
YELLOW CARD! Josua Vakurunabili has been carded for intentionally knocking the ball down.
8.02pm - SA 0 FIJ 0
We are underway! With Fiji kicking off to South Africa.
7.55pm - 14 mins - NZ 7 AUS 8
THREE! Australia opts to go for goal after NZ is penalised for hands in the ruck and James Stannard slots the drop goal to win the match for Australia.
7.49pm - 12 mins - NZ 7 AUS 5
NO TRY! Desperate defence from New Zealand saves them from leaking in another five-pointer. Scott Curry is the Kiwi player that comes up with the crucial play to force the error from Australia.
7.46pm - 8 mins - NZ 7 AUS 5
TRY! John Porch strips the ball out of Luke Masirewa's hands and Australia score their first try of the match. Australia are back in this match - Kurt Baker returns to the field.
7.43pm - HALFTIME - NZ 7 AUS 0
New Zealand are down to six men and will be without Kurt Baker for another minute when time resumes for the second half. It's all on here in Hamilton!
7.41pm - 7 mins - NZ 7 AUS 0
YELLOW CARD! NZ's Kurt Baker as been sin binned for a dangerous clean out at the ruck.
7.36pm - 3 mins - NZ 7 AUS 0
TRY! And it's the NZ skipper Scotty Curry who spots a gap after a throw in into the line-out. They sprint under the posts untouched to score New Zealand's first try.
7.35pm - 3 mins - NZ 0 AUS 0
TURNOVER! New Zealand's skipper Scott Curry comes up with a much-needed turnover just as Australia looked like they were going to score.
7.31pm - NZ 0 AUS 0
Another big match up ahead as New Zealand get ready to take on Australia for third at the Hamilton Sevens.
7.22pm
Kenya's late comeback is not enough in the second half as Samoa hold on to beat Kenya 19-15 and secure fifth spot at this year's Hamilton Sevens.
7:11pm
Samoa lead Kenya 19-5 at the break after Eden Agero waltzed over to score Kenya's first try of the match on the halftime buzzer.
7:06pm
Neria Fomai charges over to score for Samoa after just 26 seconds. Kenya on the back foot here as Samoa run in another try through the speedster Tom Iosefo. Samoa is up 12-0 with three minutes to go in the first half.
6:53pm
USA were too strong and powered past Argentina to win the Trophy final 24-5.
6:31pm
Up next we have Argentina take on the USA in the Trophy final.
6:20pm
France fought back to beat Wales 19-17, scoring a late try through Stephen Parez to win their 13th place play-off match.
5:34pm
South Africa have beaten Australia 24-5 and will take on Fiji in the Cup final.
5:11pm - 14 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
A huge mistake from the Kiwis as they fumble it with only seconds remaining on the clock. Fiji has the last say of the match, running the ball dead past their in-goal.
5:08pm - 12 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
NO TRY! Regan Ware has come up with a sensational try saving tackle to save the game for NZ. Only 2 minutes left in the match.
5:05pm - 10 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
TRY! Fiji spread it wide to the left and Mesulame Kunavula powers over to score. The conversion is good by Fiji and they are up now 14-12 against NZ.
5:02pm - 8 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 7
TRY! Vilimoni Koroi spots a huge gap in Fiji's defence and they scamper from the back of the ruck - running 45 metres to score under the posts. NZ are up 12-7 over Fiji.
4:58pm - 7 mins - NZ 5 FIJ 7
NO TRY! Vilimoni Koroi tries a chip and chase but their kick has gone too far, bouncing over the dead ball line before they can get to it. Fiji lead 7-5 at the break.
Fiji player Paula Dranisinukula gets hit in a hard tackle in their game against New Zealand at the World Rugby Sevens Series at Allianz Stadium in Sydney. Source: Getty
4:56pm - 5 mins - NZ 5 FIJ 7
New Zealand use the width of the field, spreading it out to the right. It is veteran Tim Mikkelson who sucks in two Fijian defenders before offloading to Sam Dickson who crashes over to score down the right flank. The conversion is no good.
4:52pm - 2 mins - NZ 0 FIJ 7
Fiji strike first through Josua Vakurunabili, their offloading in the tackle and support play causing all sorts of trouble for New Zealand's defence.
4:51pm - NZ 0 FIJ 0
New Zealand gets things started with the hosts kicking off to the Fijians.
4:48pm
A great second half performance for Kenya, they have beaten Scotland 33-19 and will face Samoa in their Plate final at 7pm. Up next we have the big one - New Zealand v Fiji in the first Cup semi-final.
4:39pm
Another close match in the second Plate semi-final. Scores are all locked up at 14-14 between Kenya and Scotland.
4:28pm
Laaloi Leilua sprints over to score after some superb footwork and run from their Samoan teammate Murphy Paulo, Samoa gets the win over England in extra time - final score 22-17. Samoa is through to the Plate final.
4:25pm
Nothing can seperate these two sides as England and Samoa are level 17-17 after regular time. Samoa's last try was disallowed with the ref ruling the final pass to have gone forward. We are going into extra time for this one.
4:12pm
A close contest at the moment, Samoa holds a slight 12-5 lead over England. The Samoans with all the possession in the first spell.
4:04pm
A big match up about to start as Samoa look to overcome England in their fifth place semi-final match.
3:43pm
Papua New Guinea were no match for the USA as the Americans cruised to a 42-12 win in their Challenge trophy semi-final. USA will take on Argentina in the Challenge trophy final later tonight at 6.30pm.
3:23pm
Argentina have held on to win a tight one, they defeated Canada 14-12 in their Challenge trophy semi-final.
3:01pm
France have edged a spirited Spain outfit 19-14 and will face Wales for 13th place at 6pm.
2:38pm
A comprehensive victory for Wales as they ran in two more tries in the second spell, they defeat Russia 33-7. They will face either Spain or France next.
2:28pm
Wales lead Russia 19-0 at halftime in their 13th place semi-final fixture.
2:03pm
South Africa book their semi-final spot, beating Scotland 22-0. They'll now face Australia this evening for a place in tonight's final.
1:42pm
Australia have comfortably beaten Kenya 33-12, they'll face the winner of South Africa v Scotland in the semi-final later today.
1:24pm
Kenya will face Australia in the third quarter-final.
1:21pm - FULLTIME: NZ 19 England 12
The siren goes, England have one last play to try and win. They tap and go and get the ball out wide, Mikkelsen bundles the ball carrier out of play and that's the game! NZ will face Fiji in the semi-final!
1:19pm - 16 mins: NZ 19 England 12
Koroi breaks through before finding the pass inside to Scott Curry! The captain races away and scores what could be the winning try!
Koroi converts and NZ are ahead by seven!
1:18pm - 15 mins: NZ 12 England 12
Mikkelson wins a penalty and New Zealand look to attack quickly. Koroi fires a pass to Ware, who can't hold on!
England with the ball again, NZ give away another penalty and England try the quick tap now. England tries a kick through! The chaser is tackled and plays the ball on the ground to recieve a yellow card! It's Phil Burgess and England will finish the game with six!
1:14pm - 9 mins: NZ 12 England 12
England to kick off after halftime. Ravuovou loses the ball straight away and England are on the attack! McConnochie scores again! England are level after the break.
1:09pm - HALFTIME: NZ 12 England 7
NZ give away another penalty, a high tackle on Bibby has England in possession in front of halfway. England moving the ball from one side of the field to the other, but NZ's defence is resolute to far.
Ravuovou gives away a penalty but England lose the ball and New Zealand counter!
Koroi races away for a brilliant try as the siren goes, they convert their own try to give NZ a five-point halftime lead.
1:06pm - 4 mins: NZ 5 England 7
New Zealand with a chance to attack now. Ravouvou makes a good run and England are stretched! Dixon has a go but Burgess is offside for England and gives away a penalty.
New Zealand on the line and Tim Mikkelson scores! Their 200th career try! The kick isn't successful though, NZ trail by two.
1:03pm - 2 mins: NZ 0 England 7
Koroi kicks off and New Zealand give away a penalty from the kick off. England look to run the ball upfield, before moving out the ball out wide. Scott Curry makes a try-saving tackle, but England recycle quickly and McConnochie scores! Mitchell lands the conversion too.
1:02pm
New Zealand and England out on the field now, their quarter final just moments away.
1:00pm - Fiji 12 Samoa 10
Samoa get things rolling in the second half! Tom Iosefo shows some serious pace to run away and score. Samoa hit the front.
Fiji needs to go 90m in 30 seconds to win. Samoa turns the ball over and can just run the clock down, but Fiji have won possession back!
Nasoko runs the length of the field to break Samoan hearts! They'll face the winner of NZ v England in the semi-final.
12:47pm
After an incredibly tight first half, Fiji holds a slim two-point lead over their Pacific rivals. Mocenacagi opened the scoring for Fiji, before Gordon Langkilde grabbed one back for Samoa before the break.
12:32pm
We're all set and ready for the cup quarter-finals. Fiji will be up against Samoa to get things rolling. Huge support in the stands, for both sides.
Earlier results from today:
Wales 14-19 Canada
Argentina 21-12 Russia
USA 29-12 Spain
Papua New Guinea 35-0 France
PRE MATCH
After an unbeaten first day, New Zealand will be looking to go all the way as they host the Hamilton Sevens for the first time.
An opening 52-7 walloping of France was followed up with an impressive 24-5 victory against Scotland.
However, the hosts were tested in their final pool match with Argentina, coming away winners 17-12, having trailed at half time.
Those results have set up a quarter-final showdown with England, who themselves finished second in Pool B behind South Africa.
Quarter finals:
Fiji vs Samoa - 12:36pm
New Zealand vs England - 12:58pm
Kenya vs Australia - 1:20pm
South Africa v Scotland - 1:42pm
2:28pm
3:43pm
4:12pm
4:56pm - 5 mins - NZ 5 FIJ 7
Monday, August 14
The year was 1985, and on this day (August 14th), the world was still in awe from Michael Jackson buying the ENTIRE Beatles catalogue, audiences anticipated the performances of Dustin Hoffman and John Malkovich on CBS TV's adaptation of Death of a Salesman, and Madonna was enjoying a romance with actor Sean Penn.
Here are the songs that were topping the charts on August 14th, 1985!
Huey Lewis & the News-Power Of Love
Paul Young-Everytime You Go Away
Prince-Pop Life
Bryan Adams-Summer Of '69
Corey Hart-Never Surrender (actually charted higher than “Sunglasses At Night”)
Pat Benatar-Invincible
Sting-If You Love Somebody Set Them Free (Sting's highest charting song as a solo artist, #3 on this day!)
Phil Collins-Don't Lose My Number
Tears for Fears-Shout (#1 for 3 weeks!)
Glampers seeking a luxurious get-away experience with a difference have a novel treat in store with the completion of Julatten Joinery's handcrafted, bespoke, full-sized Romany-style gypsy wagon.
Sweetwater Lodge's New Gapsy Wagon.
Contact
Tanya Snelling
***@strategicpr.com.au Tanya Snelling
End
-- Inspired by the antiquity and history of Europe, the gypsy wagon, which offers a romantic mixture of old and new, has been a labour of love for local craftsman Glenn Cambage.A woodworker by trade Glenn, together with their wife Wendy, have lovingly built Sweetwater Lodge over the last 10 years, making the most of its idyllic location in the Port Douglas hinterland."Glenn has always appreciated old things such as vintage caravans and cars, so when we saw a trailer on the side of the road for sale we jumped at it – they then simply followed the plan in their head when it came to building it."Built from new and recycled timbers, the wagon features a curved roof, exposed timber rafters, timber floorboards and antique leadlight windows, which Glenn has had stored in their "garage for years"."We have it all here – privacy, beautiful surroundings, mountain views, running creeks, iconic Australian wildlife including platypus, wallabies, pademelons, bandicoots and goannas, together with abundant birdlife. These are just some of the natural pleasures that make Sweetwater Lodge so special."The wagon, like the two luxury eco-lodges, has been fitted out with a real Australian feel. It is just lovely and every time I walk in there it brings a smile to my face," Wendy added.While the cute gypsy wagon may be reminiscent of, Wendy said it conjured an idea of freedom and adventure, upmarket, yet with a down to earth feel."It's something that will definitely appeal to "glampers" and travellers seeking a new and unique experience,"she said.Although it sits on wheels, the gypsy wagon has a permanent home in a private spot about 100m from the creek. Inside it has a queen bed, ensuite toilet with hand basin, kitchenette and seating area, a traditional stable door and porch seats by the steps.It sits beside an undercover area that includes a camp kitchen with gas stove, dining setting, lounge and hammock, a screened shower open to the stars, as well as an outdoor fireplace and barbecue plate to add to the camping feel.About 150 birds have so far been recorded across the four different habitats on Sweetwater's 160 acres. Two regular visitors to Sweetwater that have birders keen with anticipation are the elusive and much sought after Blue-faced Parrot Finch and the migratory Buff-breasted Paradise Kingfisher, though Wendy's favourites are the exquisite Rainbow Bee-eater and iconic Kookaburra.Sweetwater Lodge, on the Mossman-Mt Molloy Road, boasts gorgeous swimming holes, private rainforest and several other walking tracks, free-to-use kayaks, together with the popular "Platypus Hut", a bush bbq facility on the edge of the creek, perfect for relaxing and platypus-spotting.Sweetwater certainly isFor more information on Sweetwater's unique accommodation, visit www.sweetwaterlodge.com.au
Contact
DFLabs Marketing Team
***@dflabs.com DFLabs Marketing Team
End
-- DFLabs, the leader in Security Automation and Orchestration Technology, announced today that it has been cited by Gartner as a representative Security Automation and Orchestration (SAO) Vendor leveraging Threat Intelligence in "Competitive Landscape: Threat Intelligence Services, Worldwide 2017". The Report has been published August 10, 2017 and co-authored by Ruggero Contu and Lawrence Pingree."We are honored to have been cited by Gartner in this report. We feel that this is due to the innovative way that DFLabs IncMan operationalizes threat intelligence, enabling the granular and controlled sharing of TI between trusted parties and making it powerful and indispensable tool to hunt for and investigate security threats, " says Dario Forte, CEO of DFLabs.The report statesDFLabs IncMan is the pioneering Security Automation and Orchestration technology platform to manage, measure and orchestrate security operations tasks including security incident qualification, triage and escalation, threat hunting & investigation and threat containment. IncMan harnesses machine learning and automation capabilities to augment human analysts to maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of security operations teams, reducing the time from breach discovery to resolution and increasing the return on investment for existing security technologies.DFLabs' management team is recognized for its industry experience in the information security field including contributing to industry standards such as ISO 27043 and ISO 30121.Competitive Landscape: Threat Intelligence Services, Worldwide, 2017(Gartner subscription required)Technology Overview for Security Incident Response PlatformsInnovation Tech Insight for Security Operations, Analytics and Reportinghttps://www.gartner.com/doc/3166239/
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Set the standard
If Villa want to challenge for promotion next season they need to look at their last two opponents for inspiration.
Reading and Fulham both breezed past Villa to inflict back-to-back 3-1 defeats on the claret and blues.
They also played with pace and panache and it's easy to understand why Fulham have been nicknamed ‘The Entertainers' this season.
Slavisa Jokanovic's side has a healthy mix of youth and experience.
The spine of the team has Premier League know-how and there's no doubt that some of Fulham's youngsters will handle the step-up in level if they are promoted this season.
Villa need to find a way next season to grind out results but also be attractive on the eye.
Formation change
Villa have chopped and changed so often this season that it's been hard to keep up with all their formations and systems.
At Fulham they started with a 3-5-2 set-up with Tommy Elphick coming into a three-man defence alongside Nathan Baker and James Chester.
The centre-halves actually looked quite solid and had they not been let down by the full-backs we could have been talking about a different outcome.
Whether we'll see this system on a regular basis in times ahead is unclear. Bruce has used it in the past and will re-consider their formation on a game-to-game basis.
Full-backs
James Bree came in for Alan Hutton but had a difficult day as Fulham ran them ragged.
The 19-year-old was exposed far too often by Scott Malone in the first-half and after the break the Cottages tried to take advantage by attacking more often down their left.
Gary Gardner had to cover Bree on so many occasions as the teenager was asked to play in a right wing-back role.
Maybe he's better suited in a flat back four. Only time will tell.
As for Jordan Amavi, they were slightly improved on that dismal display against Reading but still both full-backs were substituted by Steve Bruce.
But it was Fulham's flankers who proved to be the difference.
Ryan Fredericks was a nuisance down the right.
They set the tone early by skinning Amavi and they created the opening goal soon after. Fredericks was also involved in Jonathan Kodjia's sending off but more on that later.
Fringe players
Jack Grealish might not have had their best game in a Villa shirt but they certainly returned with a bang.
What a stunning strike for their equalising goal. Gary Gardner also put in a shift and looked refreshed and energised, especially in the first half.
They would have given their boss a selection dilemma ahead of Sunday's derby.
And then, of course, there was Tommy Elphick. They didn't do much wrong as Villa changed to a three-man defence,
Kodjia sending off
It was the defining moment of the game.
Not only did Villa lose their top goalscorer in the 22nd minute after they kicked out a Ryan Fredericks, they also had to play the rest of the game with a man less.
To make matters worse Villa were already a goal down at this stage and up against it at Fulham were coming on strong.
So was it a red card? Steve Bruce thought not.
They said that Fredericks should have also been punished for the kick at Kodjia's chest in the build-up. Slavisa Jokanovic said they didn't see it. Well that was an easy get-out.
Dallas Stars defenseman Marc Methot (33) fights for the puck along the boards with Colorado Avalanche right wing Nail Yakupov (64) during the Colorado Avalanche vs. the Dallas Stars NHL hockey game at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Saturday, October 14, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
ST. LOUIS -- Injured Stars Marc Methot and Martin Hanzal are returning to skating, but it could be a while before they are ready to play, coach Ken Hitchcock said Thursday.
Hanzal has battled four different injuries this season, starting with a knee injury that forced them to miss training camp. They have played in 19 of 29 games, and Hitchcock said the team wants them to get to a place where they can stay in the lineup.
Hanzal (hamstring) skated Thursday in Frisco, and Methot (knee) is expected to skate Friday. However, Methot is shooting for a return just before Christmas after arthroscopic knee surgery, while Hanzal won't play until they feel close to 100 percent.
"He's such an important player that we want them at 100 percent," Hitchcock said. "We're going to be very safe on this, and he's going to practice for an extended period of time before we put them back in. This stop-and-go thing has been really hard on Marty, and it's been very frustrating for him. When they come in, they play a lot. We play them in every part of the team game, both ends of special teams, so we need them back at 100 percent because he's a coach's dream."
Hitchcock also said Methot's health is paramount for the team. The 32-year-old has 594 games of NHL experience and was averaging 19:22 played per game before a sore knee forced the surgery on Nov. 20. The original prognosis for recovery was 4-6 weeks, and Hitchcock said they are hopeful for the shorter side of that time frame.
"We're hoping Methot is 100 percent ready to go before Christmas," Hitchcock said.
The coach said both are missed.
"Those are two big horses for us that are missing, and it's good to see that both guys will be on the ice," Hitchcock said.
The two women reportedly carry genes that cause a condition called MERRF syndrome -- a rare disorder affecting the muscles and nervous system that can result in recurrent seizures, movement issues and dementia. The genes that cause the syndrome are transferred to offspring through a mother's mitochondrial DNA, and that's where mitochondrial replacement therapy comes in. To remove the risk of MERRF, doctors use the father's sperm to fertilize an egg from both the mother and a donor who doesn't carry the genes. Then, the nucleus, which carries most of our genetic material, is removed from the donor egg and replaced with the nucleus from the mother's egg. This way, the mitochondria with the tainted genes are left behind in the mother's egg, which won't be used. All of the genes that determine what we look like are provided by the mother and father, while healthy mitochondria, which contain only 0.2 percent of our genes, are provided by the donor. The result is an embryo with three people's genetic material.
In 2016, a baby was born from a similar technique. It differed in that it swapped the mother and donor nuclei before the eggs were fertilized rather than after, because the parents objected to wasting an embryo due to religious regions. But it was successful. It was done in Mexico since the US, where the doctor who performed the treatment was based, doesn't allow the procedure. A similar technique called cytoplasmic transfer also results in three-parent children and it has been performed dozens of times around the world. Instead of swapping nuclei, mitochondria from a donor is injected into a mother's egg. It was pioneered in the 1990s by US embryologist Jacques Cohen, but the US Food and Drug Administration halted use of the procedure due to safety concerns. While it's unclear if it was a result of the treatment, a small number of fetuses and children born through cytoplasmic transfer developed genetic and developmental disorders.
Mitochondrial diseases aren't curable and many are very hard to treat, so treatments like mitochondrial replacement therapy stand to help a lot of people and save lives. "It is absolutely fantastic that we have got to this point in such a well-regulated and controlled way," Sian Harding, director of the British Heart Foundation Imperial Cardiac Regenerative Medicine Centre in London, told the Guardian. "It is going to be so important now to follow up and understand whether this is successful and how we can take it forward. If you don't follow up the children, we just won't know whether this is the right thing to do."
It is alleged that at about 04:00 on the morning of 13 August 2017, the woman woke up their neighbors in Elijah Street, Walmer and reported that they set three shacks alight.
A body was found in one of the shacks. Identity of the deceased person is not yet known.
The reason for setting the shacks on fire is yet to be established. The fire brigade was on the scene and extinguished the fires.
The woman was arrested for murder and will appear in court soon.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Kremlin denies intelligence links during Trump campaign
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Birmingham's Michelin starred chefs is creating a new beer – made using wildflowers they personally collected from city fields.
Brad Carter, from Carters of Moseley , is partnering up with award-winning new Jewellery Quarter brewery Burning Soul to create the drink.
The key ingredient that will help to make the beer different is the meadowsweet flower.
Commonly known as meadowsweet or mead wort, the damp meadow-loving Filipendula ulmaria is a perennial herb in the family Rosaceae.
The beer, to be called Meadowsweet Saison, is being launched at Burning Soul on Sunday, May 6 during the Bank Holiday weekend and will be available in keg and bottle form.
(Image: Lee Allen)
Couple Brad Carter and partner Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city's other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell's on Cornwall Street, Adam's on Waterloo Street and Simpson's in Edgbaston.
What is the new beer?
(Image: Brad Carter)
It will be a Belgian-style Saison beer, typically gold to light amber in colour with high carbonation, yeast character and often bottle conditioned.
Brad says: “I've added my own touches to the beer after foraging for wild flowers on flat meadows in north Birmingham last summer.
“I collected a kilo of fresh flowers which were dried in a dehydrator.
“Turning them into a dry powder intensifies the flavour.
(Image: Brad Carter)
“We've added vanilla and Kings Heath Highbury honey to the leaves and it will have a deep, honey taste.
“The 600 litres of beer will make 1,000 bottles with special labels.”
Why Burning Soul?
“I met them online, contacted them and went to have a look,” says Brad.
Where will the beer be on sale?
(Image: Brad Carter)
As well as Carters of Moseley and Burning Soul, it will also be available through at least two more city centre outlets.
Tilt in the City Arcade will have a keg or two, and it will also be an option at Bonehead , the new chicken diner off John Bright Street.
“In the restaurant, a 330cl bottle will sell for about £7,” says Brad.
“There will also be a 750cl bottle with wax tops for about £14-16 that would enable a table of five to all share some.”
What is meadowsweet?
(Image: Brad Carter)
According to The Wildlife Trust, it is a member of the rose family that favours wet habitats such as ditches, damp meadows and riverbanks.
Its leaves are sometimes covered with a bright orange rust fungus.
Meadowsweet flowers from June to September, its sprays of tiny creamy-white flowers standing atop tall stems.
(Image: Getty Images / Iain Sarjeant)
Look for fluffy white flower heads and dark green leaves divided into pairs of leaflets. It can often be seen clustered together in a group of many plants.
In 1897, chemist Felix Hoffman discovered salicylic acid could be produced and used to treat rheumatism – combining the source Spiraea (as meadowsweet was known) with acetylic acid gave the name to a new medicine still in use today: aspirin.
Brad's other drinks have included homemade elderflower cordial.
(Image: Graham Young)
 They are also still selling vegan-friendly kombucha drinks made by Kings Heath-based friend Alyn Norriis @thehappyguthut
The builder has spent more than four years fine-tuning the process of making fermented drinks in their back garden shed using cultures they grow and water they bring up from Malvern.
Who runs Carters of Moseley?
Couple Brad Carter and Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city's other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell's on Cornwall Street, Adam's on Waterloo Street and Simpson's in Edgbaston.
Brad said they had no plans at the moment to move from their relative outpost.
“We are really busy and there is always lots going on,” they say.
“You just try to stay proactive.
“I want to be cooking or making something – I am not a lazy chef and not like some restaurants where the chef with their name over the door never turns up.
“I like to be here when people are paying money to be here because I don't own a chain.
“I want a reason why I can do what I want to do and have people believe in it."
Brad said they were delighted to see so much building work going on as it bode well for the growing choices for places to eat out.
“The city is very young and it's a great sign to see so much building going on.
“We are becoming a suburb of London and that really suits me.
“With HS2 , people will be able to get to work in 40 minutes while living in Birmingham for a better lifestyle.
“More people are opening up and having a chance to do their own thing.”
Who are Burning Soul?
In October 2017, just a year after it was founded, Burning Soul was named the UK's most progressive new brewery at The Thirsty Games, a four-day convention run by Indy Man Beer Con at Manchester's Victoria Baths.
Judges includes Logan Plant – son of Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant – who runs their own London brewery, Beavertown.
In February 2017, the Burning Soul Brewing Company had already been the best newcomer by ratebeer.com
Four years before they started Burning Soul, Rich Murphy and Chris Small had begun experimenting with home brewed beers.
But when the pair decided to go for broke, Rich stopped working as a carpenter with their father and took out a loan, while Chris not only packed in their job as a business analyst with the NHS but even sold their house, too.
Where is Burning Soul?
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The Burning Soul Brewing Company is on the fringes of the Jewellery Quarter at Unit 1, 51 Mott Street, Birmingham B19 3HE – close to The Asylum rock venue on the Newtown side of the B4100 Great Hampton Street / Constitution Hill.
Being three minutes' walk from the nearby St Paul's Metro tram stop puts the brewery within ten minutes of New Street Station.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
And it's just one stop away from the even nearer Snow Hill / St Chad's sign for the Colmore Business District.
For more details, visit the website here
Follow on Twitter @BurningSoulBrew or on Facebook @BurningSoulBrewing
Where is Carters of Moseley?
The restaurant is at 2c St Mary's Row, Wake Green Road, Moseley, Birmingham B13 9EZ.
Telephone 0121 449 8885 or visit the website here
NEW YORK (AP) — The actors from HBO's limited series "Big Little Lies" will have quite an internal competition at the Golden Globes next month.
Powerhouse actores Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon are both nominated for best actor for a limited TV series, while colleagues Laura Dern, Shailene Woodley and Alexander Skarsgard are up for supporting awards. The Globes announced their television nominations on Monday, and the HBO series led the way with six nods.
The Globes offered 32 nominations for programs from cable networks, led by HBO's dozen. Streaming services had 15 nominations, with Netflix on top with nine. The only broadcast networks with nominations were NBC, with five, and ABC, with three.
CBS, the most-watched network on television, was shut out.
Advertisement
While the Fox network also came up empty, its cable cousin FX was second only to HBO among the cable networks with eight nominations. They include Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon, stars of "Feud: Bette and Joan."
Netflix's "The Crown" and "Stranger Things" are both up for best drama series. HBO's "Game of Thrones" and Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" are also up for best drama, with NBC's "This is Us" carrying the flag for broadcast television.
"The Good Doctor," ABC's series about an autistic doctor and the biggest new broadcast hit, didn't land in the top five, although lead actor Freddie Highmore will compete for best drama actor.
"Veep" and star Julia Louis-Dreyfus are used to picking up fistfuls of Emmy awards, but they can stay home on Golden Globes night — one of the most notable snubs in the comedy category.
In a retro touch, NBC's reboot of "Will & Grace" was nominated for best comedy or musical, with star Eric McCormack earning a nod for best actor. ABC's "black-ish" and star Anthony Anderson will be among the competition.
Netflix's "Master of None" and Showtime's "Smilf" will also compete for best comedy, along with one relative surprise contender in Amazon's "The Amazing Mrs. Maisel," about a housewife turned comic from "Gilmore Girls" creator Amy Sherman-Palladino. Globe voters may be looking to lift the series from obscurity, since "Maisel" star Rachel Brosnahan was also nominated.
Along with Highmore, the best drama actor nominees include Jason Bateman of "Ozark," Sterling K. Brown of "This is Us," Bob Odenkirk of "Better Call Saul" and Liev Schreiber of "Ray Donovan."
New series are emphasized in the best actor category, where the nominees include Caitriona Balfe of "Outlander," Claire Foy of "The Crown," Maggie Gyllenhaal of "The Deuce," Katherine Langford of "13 Reasons Why" and Elisabeth Moss of "The Handmaid's Tale."
Two prominent shows where actors were recently written out due to sexual misconduct allegations — "House of Cards" (Kevin Spacey) and "Transparent" (Jeffrey Tambor) — were both shut out of nominations. It's unknown whether the controversy had any impact; the Globes tend to favor new work and both these series are no longer novelties.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — Yemeni security officials say local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates are expanding their reach in the country's south, where they have clashed with forces loyal to the internationally recognized president.
The UAE is part of the Saudi-led coalition battling Yemen's Shiite rebels on behalf of President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, but has been at odds with Hadi for months.
The security officials said Monday that hundreds of Security Belt forces — fighters trained and financed by the UAE, have deployed in the Dhale province. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
The UAE and Hadi maintain separate security forces based in the southern city of Aden, which have clashed in recent months.
Media Contact
Steven Spencer
***@how2media.tv Steven Spencer
End
-- How2Media, the producers of the hit television program, "Greatest!..."have announced that "World's Greatest!..."Episode 241 is now online and available for streaming."World's Greatest!..."Episode 241 features companies such as Directions Research, Global Food Corporation, Michiana Global Mold, Mobile Canning Systems, Nelson Industrial, Provider-Resources, & Stoughton Printing."This episode has a lot of amazing companies that do a lot of behind-the-scenes things. It's really cool because many people will never have heard of some of these companies and yet, these companies are responsible for so much of the daily activities we all do!", said How 2 Media's Production Manager Josh Kessler. "I'm really excited about the audience to learn about these companies and see all of the amazing things they do! It's really going to open the eyes of the audience with this one!""World's Greatest!..."is in its 11th season and more exciting things are coming for the show! "New year, new ideas.", said Kessler. "It's all about "wowing" the audience; being able to grab ahold of their attention, maintain their attention, and have them remembering our segment participants for years to come. That doesn't happen by just doing a job. We love what we do and it truly shows in everything we do with "World's Greatest!..."To view "World's Greatest!..."Episode 241 on their website, you may visit http://worldsgreatesttelevision.com/ watch-an-episode/ For questions, comments or complaints in regard to this article, please email marketing@how2media.tv
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's fringe players are pushing for a start at Reading after the horror defeat at Cardiff on Saturday.
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that a number of their players failed to show up and that they will consider changes on Tuesday night.
So who are the back-up options they could turn to?
Birkir Bjarnason
Signed from FC Basel as an energetic midfielder who gets box-to-box and scores goals. He's just what Villa need right now providing they can find their best form.
We haven't seen enough of Bjarnason in their favoured position but after the no-show from the midfield on Saturday, maybe it's time for them to get their chance.
James Bree or Ritchie De Laet
Both right-backs are pushing for a starting slot and will face a decent chance of starting.
There's even a possibility that both players could start if Bruce feels the right side needs changing following Ahmed Elmohamady's injury and Alan Hutton's troubles over the weekend.
This is one area where Villa are blessed with strength in depth.
Conor Hourihane
Arrived in January as the game-changing midfielder but so far they haven't hit the expected heights.
The Irishman is struggling to nail down a regular starting spot at Villa but could be given a chance at Reading.
Surely this is their chance to shine.
Callum O'Hare
The teenager came on ahead of Hourihane on Saturday but Villa conceded the second goal a minute after their introduction.
That made it difficult for the youngster to make an impact but they still stuck at it, like they have done at every age group he's represented in claret and blue.
O'Hare is willing but we still need to remember he's young and inexperienced and with the pressure already building, Villa need tried and trusted performers to help spark a reaction.
Rushian Hepburn-Murphy
He's young, energetic and a bit of a free spirit. Maybe that's what Villa need right now - a player who performs without any fear.
Would it work with them alongside Scott Hogan? They'd certainly keep the Reading defenders on their toes.
With Ross McCormack out of the picture, Hepburn-Murphy is the most likely alternative to mix up the forward line.
It would mean one of the senior's would have to drop out of the matchday 18 to accommodate him, though.
Vision Blinds are being used in practically every home today. They extend from the run of the mill one-inch little blinds to expound wood blinds. The distinctive look that Vision Blinds give your house is one reason they are so famous. Include the upsides of the security they give, the decrease of warmth entering the home, and the glare diminishment. This is the thing that makes this sort of window covering so engaging.
There are many sorts of Vision Blinds that will work for any room of your home. From roman shades to genuine wood blinds, you will make sure to locate the correct one for your necessities. The wood blinds are one decision that is certain to fit in with your finishing decisions. They arrive in an assortment of hues, either painted or recolored.
While picking this sort of Vision Blind, you should facilitate it with the other wood in the room, for instance on the off chance that you have wood trim, mantles, or embellishment that is wood. This will make the look extremely refined and proficient.
The advantages they give with regards to shielding your home from the solid beams of the sun are justified regardless of each penny you pay for the blinds. Over some stretch of time daylight can demolish furniture and even cover. On the off chance that you have territories where the sun consistently beats in through a window, given an adequate measure of time you will see a distinction in the shade of the cover or your drapes. The window ornaments will be a lighter shading in the center than they are on the sides. This is an aftereffect of the sun blurring the shading.
When you utilize Discount Vision Blinds that are extraordinarily made for obstructing the solid beams of the sun, you can open them and let the sun in when you need however close them before it has room schedule-wise to do harm to your home. With the high cost of cooling your home today, when the sun beats through windows, it can bring the temperature up in your home. This will influence the aeration and cooling system to work all the harder to attempt and lower the temperature. Basically, what you are doing is nullifying the point of running the aeration and cooling system.
Another in addition to for Vision Blinds are they give the security you need with regards to your home. Unless you utilize the kind of window ornaments that have overwhelming support, you can in any case observe through them around evening time. You may not see obviously but rather you will see shadows which lets the outside world know where you are in your home. The utilization of blinds will keep this. Nobody, particularly ladies who live alone, need their security attacked by individuals having the capacity to see directly into their home. On the off chance that somebody had ulterior intentions, this would tell them precisely where you were in your home.
The upsides of Vision Blinds will give the security you need as well as the harm the sun can cause to your home. The correct Vision Blinds likewise can enhance your home also.
The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together again on new projects.
The news comes after Victoria Beckham, Geri Horner (Halliwell), Emma Bunton, Melanie Brown and Melanie Chisholm reunited at Horner's house in Hertfordshire.
A statement from publicist Jo Milloy on behalf of the group said: “We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching-up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together.
“We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls.
“The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.
“We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
Earlier on Friday members of the group shared photographs of their reunion.
Brown praise the group for helping them become “who I am”.
They captioned the picture: “These amazing women have helped me become who I am,so to all the girls out there remember ”friendship never ever ends!!!!”
Beckham, Bunton and Horner each shared another snap of the women all together for the first time since 2012 on Instagram, hours after they had been seen arriving for the meeting alongside the band's former manager Simon Fuller.
Bunton promised the “future is looking spicy” in their post, while Horner said “#girlpower is alive and well”, after reports surfaced of a potential meeting to discuss plans for a reunion.
Beckham wrote: “Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!!,” adding “exciting”.
Glasses of champagne were visible in the background of Horner's snap.
Horner sported a grey polo neck jumper while Brown wore an olive green jacket. Chisholm and Beckham both wore black outfits while Bunton donned a turquoise coat over their shoulders.
Horner, Brown and Chisholm were first to arrive at Horner's home on Friday, with photos on a number of national newspaper sites showing the former wearing a wide smile as they arrived at the house in their silver car. - PA
But one world leader rejects universal medical care. Guess who?
World | by Gwynne Dyer
Nothing is perfect, and that definitely includes health care. Leading up to the July 5, 70th anniversary of the world's first full-coverage national health care system that is ‘free at the point of delivery', Britain's National Health Service, English people have been marching in the streets demanding better funding for the NHS, and Donald Trump naturally got the wrong end of the stick again.
Back in February as part of their war against Barack Obama's attempt to improve the coverage of the rudimentary U.S. health care system (‘Obamacare'), Trump claimed that the marchers were protesting because the British system is “going broke and not working.”
It's tough trying to defend the existing U.S. system when every other developed country provides universal health coverage for its citizens, but Trump battled bravely onwards, later tweeting that the Democrats in the United States “want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care.” Like the British allegedly suffer under the NHS.
In fact, the English National Health Service (Scotland and Northern Ireland have separate but similar systems) is, in former Conservative cabinet member Nigel Lawson's words, “the closest thing the English have to a religion.” It is almost universally loved, and the protests were about government underfunding of the NHS.
Even the Conservative government that has strictly limited funding increases for the NHS over the past seven years, despite rising demand due to an ageing population, has now been forced to yield to popular demands. Prime Minister Theresa May announced last week that the NHS would get a funding increase of 3.4% per year over the next four years, giving it an extra $27 billion annually by 2023.
But are the English right to love their health-care system — and are the French and Germans and Russians and Japanese and the people of almost every other developed country including, obviously, Canada right to revere their own similar systems? The United States may be the odd country out, but it does spend far more on health care than anybody else.
The United States spends 16 per cent of its entire Gross Domestic Product on health care, almost twice as much as the average (8.2% for Japan, 8.4% for the UK, 8.5% for Australia, 10.4% for Germany). In theory, that ought to mean that Americans are healthier than everybody else and live longer.
In practice, it's just the opposite.
The United States is the only developed country where the average life-span is less than 80. In fact, it's barely 78 years in the U.S., whereas everywhere else it's in 80–82 range. The U.S. also has the highest ‘preventable death' rate of any developed country, and the highest infant mortality rate by a very wide margin. Americans spend more on health, and get less back, than anybody else.
They also spend far more of their time worrying about health care. The principal cause of personal bankruptcies in the United States is ‘catastrophic' health emergencies, and all but the very rich have to devote much time to finding affordable medical insurance. Elsewhere in the developed world, nobody really thinks about that. The care will be there when you need it, and nobody goes bankrupt.
The model that was pioneered by Britain's NHS on July 5, 1948 has been so successful that it is now spreading into many developing countries as well. India is still poor, but its National Health Policy 2017 goals include a commitment to “progressively achieve Universal Health Coverage.” China is working to provide affordable basic healthcare to all residents by 2020. And so on.
Attitudes change over time. In the 1930s nobody thought that there was some sort of basic human right to health care. The well-off paid for their own, and the rest depended on charity (which wasn't very dependable). What changed that attitude was the Second World War, a time of great national solidarity and sacrifice in every country.
It was the worst war in history, but it produced a generation who believed that the people who had shared in the sacrifice (in both the countries that won and those that lost) must not be left behind in the peace that followed. The will was there to do new and great things, and they did them.
It is no coincidence that the same year of 1948 saw the signing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which said (among other things) that “Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of themselves and of their family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services.”
The world had turned, and what had been a privilege became a right. One that is still widely abused or neglected, of course, but it has nevertheless spread across the entire planet in the past 70 years. Why did the United States miss out?
The answer is probably a free-market ideology so strong that it enabled the insurance companies and the medical profession (which opposed the idea of a national health system in every country, at least initially) to win the political battle in the U.S. and strangle the idea in its cradle. It keeps coming back even there, but for the moment Americans must go on paying the costs of their ideology.
Gwynne Dyer's new book is Growing Pains: The Future of Democracy (and Work).
About #NotMyPresident - Bigots and Racists can all go to Hell. Articles: 132 Seeds: 17178 Comments: 139669 Since: Aug 2009
STAVANGER, Norway (AP) — A senior minister in the Norwegian Government resigned Tuesday for writing a Facebook post claiming the opposition Labor Party was more interested in protecting the rights of terrorists than protecting the Norwegian people.
The comment by Justice Minister, Sylvi Listhaug, touched a raw nerve in a country still tormented by memories of the July, 2011 attack by far-right terrorist, Anders Behring Breivik. Breivik opened fire on the annual summer camp of the left-wing Labor Party's youth wing on their holiday camp on Utoya Island, killing 69 people, mostly teenagers.
With opposition parties against her, Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg faced the prospect of either dissolving the Conservative-led coalition or sacking Listhaug, who published the post earlier this month. They subsequently deleted the post and apologized.
A patient with serious injuries was airlifted to the hospital Saturday night after an accident on Highway 101 near Los Alamos, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
The single-vehicle rollover occurred at about 6:15 p.m. on southbound Highway 101, about a mile north of Los Alamos, Capt. David Sadecki said.
The victim, whose name was not released, was taken by helicopter to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital.
Details on the patient's injuries and condition were not available late Saturday.
Highway 101 was shut down for a short period of time after the accident so the Calstar helicopter could land and pick up the victim, said Sadecki, who added that the cause of the crash remained under investigation.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
We've all fallen prey to them at one time or another: Design techniques such as the bait-and-switch, disguised ads, faraway billing, friend spam and sneaking items into the checkout cart. These “dark patterns” are interfaces are “carefully crafted to trick users into doing things, such as buying insurance with their purchase or signing up for recurring bills,” according to the website Darkpattern.org, which is dedicated to exposing these tricks and “shaming” companies that use them.
Many of these shady practices are classic business scams brought online. Perhaps more worrisome are the new ways mobile apps capture our attention — until we can't break away.
In Addiction by Design: Machine Gambling in Las Vegas (Princeton University Press, 2013), MIT science, technology, and society professor Natasha Dow Schüll crystallizes their 15 years of field research in Las Vegas in an analysis of how electronic gamblers slip into a twilight called the “machine zone” — and how the industry optimizes for maximum “time on device.” Slot machines are one of the most profitable entertainment industries in the United States, according to Tristan Harris, a former design ethicist for Google.
In a disconcerting essay on Medium, Harris argues that Schüll's findings don't only apply to gamblers:
“But here's the unfortunate truth — several billion people have a slot machine their pocket: When we pull our phone out of our pocket, we're playing a slot machine to see what notifications we got. When we pull to refresh our email, we're playing a slot machine to see what new email we got. When we swipe down our finger to scroll the Instagram feed, we're playing a slot machine to see what photo comes next. When we swipe faces left/right on dating apps like Tinder, we're playing a slot machine to see if we got a match. When we tap the # of red notifications, we're playing a slot machine to what's underneath.”
Thanks to intermittent variable rewards, Harris and many others note, mobile apps are easily addicting. But when you design for addiction, you open yourself to ethical questions.
In Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Portfolio, 2014), consumer psychology expert Nir Eyal recommends using operant conditioning — intermittent rewards — to create addictive products. But are all products meant to be addictive, or is a “viral” product one that will flame out after the hype is over? Are “habit-forming” apps a sustainable business model? In short, what are the ethics of addictive design?
Interestingly, though Eyal argues that technology cannot be addictive, Schüll's gambling research indicates otherwise. And Eyal contradicted their own book's.
Technology dependence and distraction are easily solved, so calling them addictive is overkill, they said: “Everything is addictive these days. We're told our iPhones are addictive, Facebook is addictive, even Slack is addictive,” Eyal said. However, they admitted, one to five percent of the technology user population does struggle to stop using a product when they don't want to.
“What do these companies that have people that they know want to stop, but can't because of an addiction, do? What's their ethical obligation? Well, there's something we can do in our industry that other industries can't do. If you are a distiller, you could throw up your hands and say ‘I don't know who the alcoholics are.' But in our industry, we do know — because we have personally identifiable information that tells us who is using and who is abusing our product. What is that data? It's time on site. A company like Facebook could, if they so choose, reach out to the small percentage of people that are using that product past a certain threshold — 20 hours a week, 30 hours a week, whatever that threshold may be — and reach out to them with a small message that asks them do they need help?” Eyal said.
They suggest a simple, respectful pop-up message to these users that reads, “Facebook is great but sometimes people find they use it too much. Can we help you cut back?” It remains to be seen if Facebook will implement such a measure, but Harris has come out swinging in the opposite direction from Eyal. They have launched timewellspent.io, a movement to “reclaim our minds from being hijacked by technology,” according to the website.
Harris offers an eight-point ethical design checklist, recommending that technology products:
1. Honor off-screen possibilities such as clicking to other sites
2. Be easy to disconnect
3. Enhance relationships rather than isolate users
4. Respect schedules and boundaries, not encouraging addiction or rewarding oversharing
5. Help “get life well lived” as opposed to “get things done” — in other words, prioritize life-enhancing work over shuffling meaningless tasks
6. Have “net positive” benefits
7. Minimize misunderstandings and “unnecessary conflicts that prolong screen time”
8. Eliminate detours and distractions.
New Delhi: An elated India U-19 head coach Rahul Dravid hopes that their World Cup-winning wards will have many such lasting memories in the future, adding that the support staff had helped them make the title triumph possible.
“It's a memory they'll cherish for a long time and hopefully it's not a memory that defines them and they will have a lot bigger and better memories as they go on ahead in their careers.”
"I am really proud of the boys and the effort they put in.
"I don't want to mention names, but everyone in the support staff has put in a great effort. We do the best for the kids," Dravid added as the boys in blue celebrated loudly behind him.
Electing to bat first, Australia were dismissed for 216 runs in 47.2 overs. Ishan Porel, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy picked up two wickets each for India.
Opener Manjot Kalra then spearheaded the Indian run chase with an unbeaten century as the Boys in Blue romped to victory with 67 balls to spare.
Kalra remained unbeaten on 101 runs off 102 deliveries while Harvik Desai was not out on 47 at the other end.
"All credit to our support staff, they've really been supporting us for the last two years. And full credit to the guys as well. Rahul sir is a legend," India skipper Prithvi Shaw said at the presentation ceremony.
"It was the final, a very crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting really well. And the two pacers, Mavi and Kamlesh, who've been excellent throughout the tournament. Thanks for all the support from India. Great memories here. We're looking forward to going back," they added.
Player of tournament Shubman Gill, who amassed 372 runs in six matches, including a hundred in the semi-final against Pakistan, said coach Dravid always told them to play along the ground and that worked.
 They are also hoping to do well in the Indian Premier League where they will play for Kolkata Knight Riders who bought them for Rs 1.8 crore.
"I'm really proud of my team. We were fortunate enough to have Rahul as coach," Gill said.
"He was always telling me to express myself and play along the ground as much as possible. It was a good experience for all of us. It's been pretty exciting. I hope I'll do well in the IPL as well."
Photo by Dreamstime
Scientists have been messing with the genetics of pigs in order to make low fat bacon.
Researchers in China have bred special pigs that have 24% less body fat than normal pigs. But despite being skinnier than normal pigs, these pigs are also able to survive harsh winters. Again, thanks to changes in their DNA.
We might not see these low-fat pigs – or low-fat bacon – in America for a while because of government regulations. But it's nice to know that it's out there somewhere.
Read more on this bad news bacon by clicking here.
Sprightly May Fox still does word searches, and plays dominoes and Jenga every day at the grand age of 103.
May, who was born in 1914 when the First World War started, is believed to be Flintshire's oldest resident and she's looking forward to their 104th birthday in May.
They moved to live at the Warrendale Cottage Residential Care Home in Broughton just over a year ago, little knowing they were about to be reunited with their niece, Hilda Dodd.
Hilda said: “I was relaxing in the lounge where newcomers are always brought in to meet existing residents, but it still didn't click with me when I saw May coming through the door. I thought they must have popped in for a visit. Then they said she'd come to live here.
“Neither of us had realised we were about to end up living in the same place. We were thrilled.”
Now the two beloved relatives are inseparable. They sit together most days, happily chatting and are always ready to join in the home's fun leisure activities or reminisce with fellow residents.
Warrendale Cottage director Sarah Kirby said: “We're all thrilled to have two such lively personalities here. They are remarkable for their ages and we can't wait for May's 104th birthday. It will be an occasion to remember.”
For May and Hilda life has come full circle for they grew up just two streets away from each other in Chester. Hilda lived in Cuppin Street and May in Lower Bridge Street.
“Now we're closer than ever!” laughed Hilda, who was May's bridesmaid when they got married.
They say their longevity is down to ‘good genes'. May has a 93-year-old sister living at a residential home in Hope and their mother also lived to the great age of 103.
May's full name is Alice Margaret May but they like to be called May, having been named after the month of their birth. They will be 104 on May 1.
May joked: “They've even made it a bank holiday – specially for me! I'm not sure what I'll be doing this year, but I expect the family will come in
to visit.”
That will include their son, Geoffrey, two grandchildren and five great grandchildren.
May's husband, Thomas, was a plumber and lived to 98. They died shortly after May's 100th birthday.
In their younger years May worked as a shorthand typist with a plumber's merchants. They were also a keen badminton player and sang in the choir at the Church of St Mary-on-the-Hill, Chester.
Hilda is also full of energy, having been a keen walker in their youth. They took up bowls in their eighties and was Broughton ladies champion at the age of 89.
“I gave up when I reached 90,” they said. “But I still think it's important to stay mobile. Keeping active keeps you young. In my head I still feel like I'm in my twenties, but my body is not quite so convinced.”
Hilda is a familiar face in Broughton after they were interviewed by BBC television documentary makers about their job at Vickers Armstrong aircraft factory, making Wellington bombers during World War Two.
They were the first woman recruited by the aircraft manufacturers.
“They still put that interview on the telly now and again. I've seen it loads of times,” they said.
Hilda went on to work at John Summers steelworks, Deeside, as a ‘flopper' at first, then a ‘catcher.'
They said: “Women had to take on what were traditionally men's jobs during the war years, and after the war ended many of them stayed on in those roles.”
Hilda's late husband Percy also worked for John Summers after serving with the Royal Navy. They had a son, Peter, and today Hilda is a great-grandmother.
Hilda and May say they love life at Warrendale Cottage. Among their favourite activities are the pet therapy sessions when Warrendale director Sarah Kirby brings in their Labrador dog Archie to greet the residents.
Looking for an exciting and innovative Essex Wedding Photographer to capture your big day? Look no further!
David Dean Photographic is an Essex based wedding photography company, capturing exciting, creative and beautiful images of Essex's happy couples.
Having trained with the best wedding photographers around and shooting across Essex and London's best wedding venues, they are now an established and highly recommended Essex wedding photographer. Having shot at most wedding venues across Essex, particularly throughout the many venues in Chelmsford and Brentwood, David has an extensive portfolio of wedding photography for you to view. Take a peek at the website!
David Dean Photographic has a natural, relaxed, and creative approach to wedding photography. It's not intrusive or in your face and your guests are left to enjoy your day whilst still having all of those natural, precious moments captured. Some of the best photos from your wedding day will be the natural shots. You'll look back and wonder what your guests were laughing at, or what were you and your new husband or wife talking about when the photo was taken? Wedding photography tells a story, and you don't want a single moment to be missed.
Many of Essex's wedding venues are surrounded by beautiful scenery and David Dean Photographic really makes the most of this. Whether it's the beautiful forests and fields giving the perfect backdrop for wedding photography, or the grounds of the wedding venue, David Dean Photographic makes the most of everything Essex has on offer. Too many Essex wedding photographers take the same shots at each wedding. It becomes a bit ‘run of the mill' or ‘wedding-photography-by-numbers'. There is a lack of creativity and individuality to your wedding photos. David Dean Photographic gives you something much more than your average Essex wedding photographer would. David Dean Photographic's priority is to be creative and innovative at every wedding and create beautiful, exciting wedding images that belong on the front cover of your wedding albums or framed and up on the wall. Check out some of the night time photos and off-camera-flash photos in the portfolio and blog pages.
When planning a wedding, the first thing most couples naturally do is head to Google! Who wouldn't? It makes perfect sense. But when you are sitting there googling ‘Essex wedding photography' or ‘Brentwood wedding photographer' it will give you hundreds and hundreds of results. It's often hard to tell who is the real deal. Rest assured, David Dean photographic is a reliable, recommended and trusted wedding photography company. Take a look at the extensive portfolio and blog pages on the website.
About Company: David Dean Photographic has a very exciting year ahead and would love to be part of your big day. So if you're looking for an Essex wedding photographer, get in touch! www.daviddeanphotographic.co.uk
Please Contact:
David Dean
29 Broadhope Avenue Stanford Le Hope
Stanford-Le-Hope
Essex
SS17 0SJ
M: 7702853074
This “well‐planned and spacious” five bedroom family home is located at the head of a cul‐de‐sac on the south side of Harrogate.
The property has a private driveway leading directly to the garage and has space to park a number of cars. The garden is well stocked and maintained bounded by established evergreen hedging providing privacy.
Within the village of Pannal there is a convenience store, primary school and railway station which connects to stations at York and Leeds.
Contact Knight Frank on 01423 535 377.
GENEVA: Illegal poaching, logging and fishing of sometimes critically endangered species is taking place in nearly half of the world's most protected natural sites, environmental campaigners WWF warned Tuesday.
Natural world heritage sites such as Australia's Great Barrier Reef, Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Galapagos Islands support large populations of rare plant and animal species.
But in a report WWF said species listed by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) faced the threat of illegal harvesting and trafficking in 45 percent of the more than 200 natural world heritage sites on the planet.
“Natural world heritage sites are among the most recognised natural sites for their universal value,” said Marco Lambertini, head of WWF International.
“Yet many are threatened by destructive industrial activities and… their often unique animals and plants are also affected by overexploitation and trafficking,” they added, stressing that “unless they are protected effectively, we will lose them forever.”
Almost a third of the world's remaining 3,890 wild tigers and 40 percent of all African elephants are found in UNESCO-listed sites, which are often a last refuge for critically endangered species such as the Javan rhino in Indonesia, the report said.
‘Brink of extinction'
Illegal poaching, logging and fishing inside such sites is therefore “driving endangered species to the brink of extinction”, WWF warned.
The species most at risk because of illegal activity within natural world heritage sites is probably the vaquita, the world's smallest porpoise, which is indigenous to Mexico's Gulf of California, Colman O'Criodain, WWF's wildlife policy manager, told AFP.
While the vaquita itself is not being fished illegally, it is being caught in nets used to poach the totoaba — a giant Mexican fish coveted in China for its swim bladder, which itself is considered a threatened species.
“When I started working on the issue of vaquita two years ago, there were 96 left. Now it is less than 30,” O'Criodain said, adding that at the current rate the tiny porpoise could be extinct within a year.
According to Tuesday's report, poaching of vulnerable and endangered animal species such as elephants, rhinos and tigers occurs in 42 of the UNESCO-listed natural sites, while illegal logging of rosewood, ebony and other valuable plant species happens in 26 of them.
Illegal fishing, including of sharks and rays occurs in 18 of 39 listed marine coastal world heritage sites, it said.
‘Double outrage'
Such illegal activities inside what should be the best-protected sites on the planet are “a double outrage,” O'Criodain said.
“We're talking about very iconic species, and we are also talking about iconic sites,” they said, demanding more efforts at the national and international level to beat the trend.
But it is difficult to fight the illegal wildlife trade, which rakes in between $15-20 billion (14.1- 18.8 billion euros) annually, making it the fourth largest illegal global trade, after drugs, counterfeiting and human trafficking, according to UN numbers.
At the same time, the illegal timber trade, which is responsible for up to 90 percent of all deforestation in major tropical countries, is valued at between $30-100 billion annually.
There are large economic interests in bringing an end to such illegal activities, especially inside world heritage sites, WWF said.
This is because poaching and trafficking inside these sites threatens not only species, but also livelihoods and entire tourist industries.
Africa is estimated to lose up to $25 million per year in lost tourism due to elephant poaching, while the illegal rosewood trade has, over a two-year period, cost the people of Madagascar up to $200 million in lost income, the report found. AFP
AFP/CC
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Republican U.S. Sen. Susan Collins thinks they might like to be Maine's governor and Gov. Paul LePage thinks they might like to be a U.S. senator.
In a strange way, Maine might actually be better off with that arrangement, but I'm pretty sure the United States would not.
LePage has been making noises about running against independent U.S.Sen. Angus King, but I can't see the surly governor defeating King, who is the country's fifth most popular U.S. senator according to the Morning Consult. Collins is sixth. LePage is one of 11 governors nationally who have disapproval ratings higher than their approval ratings.
When you come right down to it, the four men and women who represent us in Washington, D.C., do a pretty darn good job of reflecting the diversity of points of view held by Maine people. In a day and age when the approval ratings of Congress dribble along somewhere in the twenties, I know this will be an unpopular thing to say, but I believe we are blessed with a congressional delegation that is generally pretty fair, balance and reasonable.
I do get tired of hearing liberals bellyache that Collins is not really a moderate and conservatives grouse that King is not really an independent. Well, to the degree that those labels mean anything, yes, folks, they are.
Sure, sure, Collins votes with their fellow Republicans most of the time, but they break with their party as often as any Republican. As far as I'm concerned the fact that they refused to endorse Donald Trump for president is all the credential they need to be a moderate.
And, yes, King caucuses with the Democrats and votes with them more often than not, but so what? What would they have to do to be an independent, vote more Republican?
I give Collins and King credit for being thoughtful and reasonable people. Do they both take positions I disagree with? Yes. But I do not see either as blind partisan ideologues.
I do not blame Collins, for example, for voting for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. I would have voted against them based on the GOP dirty trick of refusing to hold hearings on Merrick Garland, thus setting a precedent that a sitting president can no longer appoint members of the Supreme Court unless their or their party controls the Senate. But Gorsuch was a sitting federal judge deemed well qualified by the American Bar Association. Will they favor corporations over citizens? You bet. But so will every Republican nominee. That's the nature of the beast.
I was actually surprised that King decided they could not vote for Gorsuch. In talking to them a few weeks before the vote, I got the impression they were leaning toward supporting Gorsuch, but the fact that Gorsuch was such a weasel during their confirmation hearings, refusing to answer any questions about their judicial philosophy, seems to have tipped the scale for King. I respect that.
I also respect the fact that both Collins and King opposed some of Trump's worst appointees, including Betsy DeVos to lead the Department of Education and Scott Pruitt to dismantle the Environmental Protection Agency. On the downside, Collins voted for a budget that would have defunded Planned Parenthood, voted to start the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and voted for the “nuclear option” of no longer requiring 60 votes to confirm a justice.
Collins was also on the wrong side of the internet privacy vote, voting to allow internet providers to sell our browsing histories. King voted no. On the other hand, King joined Republicans in voting to abolish rules against trapping, baiting and shooting bears from planes in Alaska. I assume King saw it as a vote on whether to allow states to make wildlife management rules or have them dictated by the feds. I respectfully disagreed with that vote.
When I say Maine's congressional delegation is pretty fair and balanced, what I mean is simply that U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree is a liberal Democrat with whom I agree most of the time, U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin is a conservative Republican with whom I disagree most of the time, Collins is a moderate Republican who is not an embarrassment and King is a moderate independent who gets things right most of the time. Something for everyone.
Now if Collins decides to run for governor, LePage would get to appoint their replacement, just as Gov. Joe Brennan appointed George Mitchell to complete U.S. Sen. Ed Muskie's term when they became a vice presidential candidate in 1980. Probably Brennan's best all-time decision.
Would LePage be brazen enough to appoint themselves to Collins' seat? I sure hope not. That would be a national embarrassment.
Freelance journalist Edgar Allen Beem lives in Brunswick. The Universal Notebook is their personal, weekly look at the world around him.
Contact
Joe Perri & Associates
***@joeperri.com.au Joe Perri & Associates
End
-- Mature age accountants and financial planners are continuing to defer the sale of their practices in the erroneous expectation that their business will attract a higher price amongst a growing pool of prospective buyers said Connect Financial Service Brokers (Connect) founder Paul Tynan.Commenting further, Paul Tynan confirmed that over the summer break, they had been approached by a number of overseas organisations that are currently appraising or have entered the Australian marketplace seeking acquisition opportunities. "These groups have been observing the local market for a number of years and are now implementing their strategies"."However, the key acquisition requisite is sound, successful business models with modern, efficient operational frameworks".Although there has been heightened M&A activity since the beginning of the year, the number of buyers continues to outnumber accounting and financial planning sellers noted Paul Tynan. "But it is thebusinesses that are attracting the attention of prospective buyers".Accounting practices are in demand – more so if they have a robust exit and succession program underway supported with outsourced processes, utilising technology and a modern HR practices that upskills the capabilities of staff.Paul Tynan has repeatedly said the traditional accounting partnership equity model has broken down and is no longer relevant or able to support mature age partners to exit and retire. Primarily, young industry entrants are preferring not take on more debt and have no confidence in the capacity of the business to address the challenges of the changing accounting landscape.Many accounting firms are unwisely entering into licencing arrangements they will regret in the future as financial planning / institutional dealer groups continue to aggressively attempt to licence up every accountant to their network.There is mixed news for mature age financial planners who now have certainty with the passing of the life insurance remuneration arrangements and professional standards legislation affirmed Paul Tynan. "Unfortunately, their exit goals have been dealt a significant body blow as the new entrants to the financial planning industry (and potential buyers) will struggle as SMEs in their all-important start up years"."Buying an existing business under a new AFSL will mean no trail brokerage can be transferred thus deterring the next generation of planners to enter the market"."With the increases in compliance / licencing / PI costs, new entrants will have no option but to start their financial planning career with an institution"Mature age planners have a number of difficult and glooming scenarios ahead –1. Sell in the current market where there are more buyers and negotiate the best valuation multiple outcome.2. Hold on continuing to receive the income stream of the current business which has two unknowns:– will the current business valuations hold up as the industry moves further into a fee for service world?– education requirements will eventually stop the owners from being licensed and receiving trail brokerage.3. Heath and personal capacity issues and the rise of compliance costs will inevitably bring new challenges."Accountant and financial planners are confronting the 'exit and succession perfect storm' and staying out at sea in a rapidly deflating life raft is not the answer"."If now is not the time to sell – then when?", asks Paul Tynan.ENDSIssued by Connect Financial Service Brokers www.connectfsb.com.auMedia enquiries Mr. Joe PerriJoe Perri & Associates Pty LtdTel/fax: +61 3 9324 0362Mobile: +61 412 112 545Email: jperri@joeperri.com.au
Authorities seize equipment from self-proclaimed deminers near the Thai border earlier this week. Photo supplied
‘Deminers' presence puzzles
A border patrol company confiscated demining equipment from a group of unidentified men working in a prohibited border zone on Sunday on suspicions that the men were actually attempting to illegally claim land.
Yem Sambo, military commander of the border patrol unit, said they saw smoke coming from the forest while on patrol in Banteay Meanchey's O'Chrou district.
Cambodian and Thai authorities have disagreed over whom the land belongs to in the past, leading to a temporary moratorium on its use until the dispute is settled.
“At first, I thought that it was a forest fire, but when my team and I arrived, we found a group of people searching for landmines in the area,” Sambo said.
When Sambo's unit confronted the group, a man identified as Meas Peun declared themselves the deputy chief of Cambodia-Thai border relations.
They showed Sambo a document purportedly signed by a three-star general permitting them to clear landmines in the area.
“I told them that generally the government announces to us when demining at the controversial border area,” Sambo said, explaining that they subsequently confiscated the equipment and took photos, but did not make any arrests.
Sambo said many people come to the area to clear the land and claim it as their own, a plot they believe the unidentified men were engaged in.
Khoun Choeun, border unit 503 commander, could not be reached for comment.
Almost 200 Democratic lawmakers have filed a federal lawsuit against the president. It is not the first of its kind, but it is certainly the largest.
On Wednesday, nearly 200 Democratic members of Congress filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump in federal court. They are accusing them of violating the United States Constitution, specifically the Emoluments Clause which prohibits U.S. officials from accepting payments and other gifts from foreign powers. Lawmakers said that, due to their refusal to fully divest themselves from their private businesses, they had accepted funds from foreign governments through the Trump Organization without congressional approval.
"The president's failure to tell us about these emoluments, to disclose the payments and benefits that they are receiving, mean that we cannot do our job," Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) explained to Reuters. "We cannot consent to what we don't know."
The Washington Post broke the news on Wednesday, reporting that 196 lawmakers in total signed onto the lawsuit, believed to be the most ever to sue an American president. Blumenthal headed the filing of the complaint in federal court and Rep. John Conyers (D-MI) led the Democratic legal push in the House.
"Trump has conflicts of interest in at least 25 countries," Conyers told Reuters. "And it appears he's using their presidency to maximize their profits."
No Republicans have joined the lawsuit yet, but Blumenthal made it clear that they would be welcome to join forces with their peers.
This filing comes shortly after the attorney generals of Maryland and Washington, D.C. hit the president with their own lawsuit and a few months after a watchdog group filed their own complaint — both citing Trump's potential violation of the Emoluments Clause as well. The term "emoluments" has no legally upheld definition yet, so unpacking its meaning will be a necessary part of these lawsuits. Whatever the courts decide will have long-standing constitutional implications.
As with their tax returns, Trump probably thought their business conflicts would all blow over eventually, but that's the problem with being an unprecedented president: People notice that things are different and they notice when those different things are wrong. Thankfully, it appears the U.S. is still a nation built to do something about it.
Crawley's MP has voiced their opposition to the use of animal products in the new £10 note featuring author Jane Austen.
The Bank of England introduced plastic £5 notes last year featuring former Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill.
However they include chemicals derived from animal products and a petition calling for the removal of tallow from the notes gained more than 130,000 signatures.
The campaign was backed by Crawley MP Henry Smith, who is a vegetarian and member of the all-party parliamentary group for animal welfare.
However the BoE has confirmed that after ‘careful and serious consideration and extensive public consultation' there will be no change to the composition of the polymer used for future banknotes.
This will mean that the new polymer £20 note and future print runs of £5 and £10 notes will continue to contain tallow.
Last week Mr Smith tweeted: “Very disappointing that Bank of England have decided to continue using animal slaughter derived polymer for their £5 and £10 notes.”
The new £10 note is due to come into circulation in September, while the new £20 note featuring J.M.W. Turner is due to be issued before 2020.
According to the BoE, the only other current viable alternative would be to use chemicals derived from palm oil, with the cost of switching is estimated to be £16.5m over a ten-year period.
A spokesperson said: “The bank fully recognises the concerns raised by members of the public, both prior to and during the consultation, and has not taken this decision lightly.
“The bank also understands that the decision it has reached may not address the concerns of all parties, but in making this decision, the bank has considered very carefully the relevant factors and taken into consideration all of its objectives, including its responsibility to maintain confidence in the currency through the issuance of high quality, secure banknotes and achieve value for money for taxpayers.”
The petition against the use of animal products in the new polymer banknotes was started by Doug Maw, who lives in Yapton in West Sussex.
They said: “By only having banknotes containing animal parts they are forcing vegans, vegetarians, Hindus, Sikhs, Jains and others to handle products that directly conflict with their deeply held belief and practices.”
To view the petition visit the change.org website.
For more information on the new £10 note visit the dedicated website.
Posted on July 3, 2013 | 6:28 p.m.
Source: Ruiz Family
Ernest Ronald “Ernie” Ruiz peacefully passed away at their home in Nipomo, California, on June 30, 2013 surrounded by their wife and children. They were born and raised in Santa Barbara, later lived in San Diego, then Bishop, California, where they had their granite and tile business for 25 years. Upon retirement, they and their wife, Teri, settled in Nipomo.
 They are survived by their wife, Teri; children Tino, David and Nicole; step-children Tina, Joe and Diane; and 13 grandchildren.  They are also survived by their brothers, Carl and Barney.
Ernie loved to make people laugh, always had a quick-witted response, and no one was a stranger for long. Win or lose, they were a die-hard San Diego Chargers fan who loved going to home games. Whether in Alaska or the Eastern Sierras, Ernie was always ready to drop their line.
Mass will be held at Our Lady of Sorrows Catholic Church, 21 E. Sola St. in Santa Barbara, at 10 a.m. Friday, July 12. A viewing will precede the mass at Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapel, 15 E. Sola St. from 8:30-9:30 a.m. Interment will immediately follow the Mass at Calvary Cemetery, 199 N. Hope Ave. The family will host a reception at La Mesa Park, 295 Meigs Road, following interment.
In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Dignity Health Hospice of Santa Maria, which made it possible for us to bring Ernie home.
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today took note of the rampant misuse of the stringent Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act against government servants and held that there shall be no immediate arrest on any complaint filed under the law.Before arresting a public servant under the SC/ST Act, a preliminary probe by an officer not below the rank of deputy superintendent is a must, the court said.A bench of Justices Adarsh Goel and U U Lalit said there shall be no absolute bar for granting anticipatory bail to public servants booked under the stringent provisions of the law.The bench, which passed a slew of directions, said a public servant can be arrested in cases lodged under SC/ST Act only after prior approval by the competent authority.
Local musician will aim to break Guinness record at River Rock Casino Resort, starting May 7
A Vancouver-area musician named Spirit is on a mission to set a record for longest continuous guitar playing.
He'll attempt the 116-hour marathon session at Richmond's River Rock Casino Resort early next month, in a bid to raise $10,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society.
If things go according to plan, Spirit will play guitar staring at 10 a.m. on Monday, May 7 and won't stop picking until 11 p.m. Saturday, May 12. Guinness-mandated rules allow for a five-minute break every hour, and Spirit can bank that time.
“There's no ‘if' here, it's happening,” Spirit says in a promo video posted to the casino's Facebook page. “I've already completed it in my mind.”
CLICK HERE to watch the video.
According to Guinness, the record for longest marathon playing guitar by an individual is 114 hours, six minutes and 30 seconds, a feat achieved by Irish musician David Browne at a Dublin bar in 2011.
After seeing video of Browne in action, Spirit set out to break the record, with a charitable twist.
Both of their parents died from cancer-related illnesses, said the former Surrey resident, who now lives in Delta.
“After witnessing (that) and being part of that personally, it hit me, because it (cancer) could lie in my genes,” Spirit says in the casino's promo video.
• READ MORE: Spirit, Surrey's skilled acoustic live-looper, loses their ‘Cool', from 2016.
For every day Spirit plays guitar during their marathon, Great Canadian Casinos will donate $1,000 to the cause.
The record attempt will include some challenges for Spirit, including washroom breaks and sleep deprivation.
“I'll always think of myself as a fortunate person,” they write on a “Spirit And The Challenge” page on the cancer society's website. “Why? Because I have the opportunity to live my passion by performing music for a living and share this gift with others. As an ‘Acoustic Live Looping Artist,' I am excited about performing and growing as an artist, but also feel I should give back to society and to my community on many levels as I become more successful. This event will definitely be on a new level for me!”
When performing, Spirit is a one-man band armed with a modified acoustic guitar, vocal mics and an array of foot pedals. Their live-looping method involves music created on the spot.
“Everything you hear is live,” Spirit emphasized in a 2016 interview. “At first, people usually think, ‘OK, it's a guy playing guitar,' and sometimes they'll hear other things and wonder if they're pre-recorded. Well, no they're not. I build the songs in front of them, and some people get that and others don't realize what's happening, that I'm adding layers. There's a lot going on, and I think it's pretty unique.”
tom.zillich@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Tom on Twitter
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
1 2 3 4 5 Bulldog 100 Honorees Bulldog 100 Banquet DSC_2830 Bulldog 100 UGA College of Engineering Bulldog 100 UGA College of Environmental Design
End
-- Smith Planning Group was recognized as the No. 93 fastest-growing business owned or operated by a University of Georgia graduate during the 2017 Bulldog 100 Celebration February 4 at the Atlanta Marriott Marquis in downtown Atlanta. Smith Planning Group , led by '87 and '05 UGA graduates from Bob Smith and Ed Lane, is a full-service land planning firm that specializes in land planning, civil engineering and landscape architecture services, serving the Southeast US for over 25 years."It's an honor to be recognized and to share the stage with all of these outstanding UGA alumni owned companies," said firm Principal Bob Smith The Bulldog 100, coordinated by the UGA Alumni Association, recognizes the 100 fastest-growing businesses owned or operated by UGA graduates.Approximately 490 nominations were submitted for the 2017 Bulldog 100. The class includes companies of all sizes, providing services and products in a variety of industries, including real estate, law, IT, consulting, retail and pest control. Companies as far west as California and as far northeast as New York, made the list this year. The average compounded annual growth rate for this year's Bulldog 100 businesses was 44 percent.Warren Averett CPAs and Advisors partnered with the UGA Alumni Association to review nominated business' financial records to determine the ranked list.Nominations for the 2017 Bulldog 100 were accepted between February and May 2016. To be considered for the list, each organization must have been in business for at least five years, experienced revenues in excess of $100,000 for the calendar year 2013, and be owned or operated by a former UGA student who either owns at least 50 percent of the company or is the CEO, president or managing partner. The Bulldog 100 recognizes the fastest-growing businesses regardless of size by focusing on a three-year compounded annual growth rate.To recognize the 100 businesses and the 131 alumni who lead them, the UGA Alumni Association hosted the 2017 Bulldog 100 Celebration February 4 in Atlanta. The evening began with an exclusive reception for honorees hosted by FirstData, a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions. This year's keynote speaker was Debbie Storey, retired Executive Vice President of AT&T Mobility Customer Service and author of the book. Storey spoke about the importance of strong vision, adaptability and creative thinking in an ever-changing economic and technological landscape."The UGA Alumni Association is excited to honor our graduates who are founding and leading these prosperous enterprises,"Ruth Bartlett, president of the UGA Alumni Association board, said. "It is inspiring to see the influence these businesses have on our students. Student participation in Bulldog 100 allows our scholars a unique opportunity to network with these accomplished business leaders, and also to observe the best examples of success from people who once were where they are now."To view the complete list of 2017 Bulldog 100 businesses, photos from the event or nominate a business for the 2018 Bulldog 100, see www.alumni.uga.edu/ b100 Founded in 1989, Smith Planning Group is a civil engineering, land planning, and landscape architecture firm with offices located just outside Athens, Georgia.Address:1022 Twelve Oaks Place, Suite 201WATKINSVILLE, Georgia 30677706 769-9515
There's the old saying that we are what we eat. If this is true then we've become a nation of carrot sticks and chickpeas. We're on a mission to be healthier than ever.
Eat this, don't eat that... Over the last few years there has been an explosion in healthy eating, faddy diets and advice.
Gluten free, Shutterstock
Dieters are told daily what we should and shouldn't eat, but what advice should we really be taking a bit out of?
We asked top dietician Anna Daniels.
Will eating fat-free foods make me fat free?
It is a myth that fat free food leads to fat-free bodies. Sugar contains no fat and sweets can sometimes be marketed as fat free. Yet a diet which contains to much sugar will inevitably lead to weight gain. Be very wary of foods that are marketed as fat free - always read the label, as most often they have added sugars.
If I eat dinner after 6pm will I gain weight?
Eating after 6pm does not cause weight gain. Your metabolism continues to burn energy throughout the evening and also throughout the night. As long as you don't eat in excess eating later in the evening has no hindrance to weight loss. The only thing to consider is if you have acid-reflux or hiatus hernia then eating close to bed would exacerbate symptoms as you lie down.
Should I only eat organic?
Larger supermarkets are now stocking organic so many organic products are becoming more readily available and accessible. Some studies have outlined organic foods are found to be lower in pesticide residues and higher in antioxidants, yet other studies have found very little comparisons. Its also good to note many things affect the nutrients in the crop, season, soil etc. Organic meat and dairy is thought to be higher in omega-3 fatty acids possibly linked to the diet of organically reared animals. For a healthy balanced diet, firstly make sure your diet is rich in vegetables, fruits, pulses, grains and lean protein. Then if you can afford to buy organic then do so, although the health benefits may not be dramatic as you may think.
Will grazing help me lose weight?
Eating regularly throughout the day is good for stabilising blood sugar levels and also ensuring your metabolism works efficiently. However grazing can sometimes become ‘mindless'. This is when you are snacking on foods without really thinking about it and this can be damaging to weight loss. If this happens then it can have a negative effect on your weight as you can be consuming excess calories overall throughout the day.
Will drinking diet fizzy juice help me lose weight?
Water is the best drink you can have for weight loss. Diet fizzy drinks have a place where they can replace full sugar fizzy drinks and this will save on calories, so for someone consuming sugary fizzy drinks it can be a good replacement. However, drinking fizzy juice or soda in excess isn't a good idea, instead ensure you drink plenty of water, aiming for 2 liters of fluid per day, with tea, coffee and juice counting towards this.
Are low or no carbohydrate diets healthy?
Carbohydrates often get a bad reputation. When not eaten in excess they form part of a healthy balanced diet. Some of the World's healthiest diets are based around carbohydrate foods - The Mediterranean Diet (al dente pasta, bread, potatoes), Japanese and Asian Diet (Rice). A review of low carbohydrate diets found that they were associated with similar weight loss to energy restrictive diets and low fat diets. So if you can't live a life without pasta (I couldn't!), instead focus on your portion size.
Should I eat gluten free foods instead?
There is no evidence that eating a gluten free diet is better for you than eating a normal diet. Unless you have Coeliac disease which is an autoimmune condition caused by the injection of gluten. Which means that gluten becomes incredibly damaging and causes malabsorption issues and symptoms of bloating and diarrhea. Some people also find they have gluten sensitivity, which means they have symptoms associated with eating gluten similar to those of a Coeliac, without the damaging effects. However, if you have no symptoms and aren't Coeliac then there is no need to cut out gluten... and yes that means the ‘gluten free' brownies do count!
Should I only eat organic?
Larger supermarkets are now stocking organic so many organic products are becoming more readily available and accessible. Some studies have outlined organic foods are found to be lower in pesticide residues and higher in antioxidants, yet other studies have found very little comparisons. Its also good to note many things affect the nutrients in the crop, season, soil etc. Organic meat and dairy is thought to be higher in omega-3 fatty acids possibly linked to the diet of organically reared animals. For a healthy balanced diet, firstly make sure your diet is rich in vegetables, fruits, pulses, grains and lean protein. Then if you can afford to buy organic then do so, although the health benefits may not be dramatic as you may think.
Last of 2 parts
LIKE in the European Union, the Data Privacy Act (DPA) of the Philippines is intended to protect the fundamental human right of privacy—“No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with their privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon their honor and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.”
Advertisements
The Data Privacy Act of 2012
The DPA regulates the processing of personal information of an individual by an organization and even by the government. These organizations are called the personal information controller and/or personal information processor. For instance, it could be an employer who collects personal information about his/her employees. The concept of processing is extremely broad; it covers from initial collection of personal information through its final deletion or destruction. In between the collection and deletion, personal information goes through a lot of processing, which includes alteration of data, retrieval, consultation or use of data, disclosure of data by transmission and blocking.
Personal information refers to information from which the identity of an individual (known as the data subject) is apparent or can be reasonably and directly ascertained by the entity holding the information, or when put together with other information would directly and certainly identify an individual.
The DPA allows the processing of personal information provided that organizations comply with the law and adhere to the principles of transparency, legitimate purpose, and proportionality. In effect, organizations must inform the data subject the purpose and extent of processing of personal information; the processing should be lawful, compatible, adequate and not excessive in relation to its purpose. Apart from these principles, the DPA requires organizations to safeguard the personal information they hold in order to prevent identity theft or unauthorized use of the data. And in case of data breach, organizations are required to notify the data subject of the breach and measures taken to reduce harm.
Rights of data subject
Under the DPA, could an individual demand the removal of information that is prejudicial and harmful to their reputation?
The DPA provides several rights to the data subject, which enable the person to effectively control information about himself/herself, as follows: 1) the right to be informed, 2) right to access, 3) right to rectify, 4) right to object, 5) right to erasure or blocking, 6) right to data portability, 7) right to damages and 8) right to file a complaint. From these rights, the right to erasure or blocking resembles the right to be forgotten.
The right to be forgotten is a legal mechanism to compel the permanent removal of one's personal information from online database when such information is no longer needed for legitimate purposes. This similar right can also be found in the DPA. Under the law, a data subject can ask for removal, blocking or destruction of their personal information not only when it is unlawfully obtained or processed but also when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which the personal information was collected or the information is prejudicial to the data subject, unless justified by freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press; or otherwise authorized (by court of law). The right to be forgotten does not only contemplate the removal of unlawfully obtained information or inaccurate information but it likewise contemplates the removal of past events from other people's memory.
Free speech and expression in PH
In order for Anna to exercise this right to be forgotten, they need to prove by substantial evidence the prejudice caused by their unflattering photo. There is no dispute that in the balancing of constitutional rights, greater weight is given to free speech and expression in our jurisdiction. This freedom of expression has also been extended to film and motion pictures in theaters and television. Entertainment magazines, newspapers, and other publications are among the vehicles of communication utilized by the people for information, education and entertainment.
Both the freedom of expression and the right to privacy limit the exercise of these rights. It is the task of the courts to determine the precise scope and content of these rights in different types of situations where they clash. In one case, the Supreme Court held that limited intrusion into a person's privacy has long been regarded as permissible where the person is a public figure and the information that is published about them constitutes a public character. The right of privacy cannot be invoked against publication and dissemination of matters of public interest. However, this is not to say that privacy is divested just because one has attained the status of a public figure. The right to privacy also protects public figures, like all other individuals from unwarranted publicity and from wrongful publicizing of private affairs and activities, which are outside the realm of legitimate concern. It is clear that if the subject relates to a highly critical stage in history or current events, it is considered as having passed into the public domain and an appropriate subject matter of free speech and expression.
Right to be forgotten in PH context
Commercial speech in our jurisdiction has not been accorded with the same protection given to core speech, i.e., political and religious speech. A law or regulation directly affecting commercial speech is valid and does not offend the freedom of expression if: 1) the speech concerns illegal activity; 2) the government's interest in restricting the speech is substantial; 3) it directly advances governmental interest; and 4) it is narrowly tailored.
Under this premise, can the government validly regulate commercial speech for the protection of an individual's privacy? While Anna's photo was sensual and revealing, it was nonetheless not illegal or unlawful. Under the DPA, the government's interest is that it ought to protect the privacy of individuals, thus allowing them to control information about themselves. The right to be forgotten can be invoked if the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or the information is prejudicial to the data subject. Anna's photo was collected for commercial and entertainment purposes five years before. In Google, the news story was said to be no longer relevant as the matter had long been over; in this case, the purpose of Anna's photo was for entertainment. The issue of the magazine bearing Anna's photo had already been archived but a simple Google search would direct users to this old issue of the magazine.
Anna is 25 years old now; they no longer presents the young, sensual and daring woman of the photo. And Anna's body may have changed, too. The “Anna” now is not the Anna of five years ago. They have changed. But despite this change, their image on the Internet remains same, thanks to Google. It is clear that Anna's photo continues to cause prejudice against them They cannot find a job because their reputation was judged by their conduct five years ago. While the posting is covered by freedom of expression, the same is afforded protection, albeit to a lesser degree. There is no dispute that Anna's photo does not fall under political or religious speech. Likewise, the subject matter is not something that should be of interest to the public. Applying Google v. AEPD, the search engine may be compelled to delink Anna's photo from its search index, so that people will have to use more difficult means of finding their photo. Without Google's web indexing, searching for Anna's photo would be like finding a needle in a haystack, making it almost impossible for prospective employers to find Anna's revealing photo.
As to the Men's sexy magazine, while the content is purely for entertainment, it is possible that Anna's photo would still be afforded protection. Anna's photo was published lawfully; they knowingly gave their consent. While commercial speech is not given the same protection as political and religious, the lawful publication of it may only be regulated when the government has substantial interest and/or when the regulation is narrowly tailored. To order the deletion of content is tantamount to censorship of commercial speech; it places commercial speech in the category of unprotected speech. The erasure of Anna's photo suppresses a legitimate and lawful information that has already become part of the public domain. In other words, an outright deletion of the content is not the least restrictive means. It must be considered that Anna had no expectation of privacy on this matter as they freely gave them consent. The posting of such photo was neither illegal nor unlawful. If the purpose of the law is to allow individuals to control their information, it is enough that the availability of their information online is not determined by the algorithms set by search engines. Being the least restrictive means, it is enough that Anna's photo cannot be brought back by a simple search.
After all, the right to be forgotten is not really to effect an obliteration of truth as an information once known cannot be physically deleted from human memory. It is not an attempt to falsify or re-write the history. The right to be forgotten merely interferes with the free flow of information; it destroys one's bad memory through the passage of time.
A fire on Lebaum Ct. in Augusta shut down traffic on Richmond Hill Drive Monday morning.
Two people were said to be in the home at the time of the fire, but escaped with no injuries. According to Battalion Chief Kneece, the fire started from an improperly discarded cigarette.
Richmond Hill Dr. was blocked off in the area until about 11:30 a.m.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Dr. Mugan specializes in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Their current research focuses in the area of deep learning, where they seek to allow computers to acquire abstract representations that enable them to capture subtleties of meaning. Dr. Mugan received their Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin. Their thesis work was in the area of developmental robotics where they focused on the problem of how to build robots that can learn about the world in the same way that children do.
A memorial service is planned for Andrew Cato, IV.
The search for Cato was called off by authorities after tip lead authorities to find human remains in McCormick County. Those remains have been sent to the South Carolina crime lab for testing to confirm identity, but Cato's family members tell FOX 54 the body is Andrew's.
Now, the Cato family is inviting the public to their memorial service to thank all of those who joined in on the search
That service is set for 3p.m. on Saturday, June 2 at the First Christian Church in downtown Augusta. The church is located at 629 Greene Street, Augusta, GA.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
The sister of Lisa Gow, who died when they were knocked down by a stolen car, paid tribute to them at their funeral on Tuesday.
The funeral of mother-of-two Lisa Gow, who was killed when they were hit by a stolen vehicle on the Ballysillan Road last Thursday morning, took place on Tuesday afternoon in St Andrew's Church on Forthriver Road in the north of the city.
Press Eye - Belfast - Northern Ireland - 24th April 2018''Funeral of Lisa Gow at St Andrew's Church in the Glencairn, west Belfast. The mother-of-two was knocked down and killed by a stolen car which was being pursued by the police, last Thursday in north Belfast. ''Family and friends follow their coffin as it leaves the church after the funeral service. ''Picture by Jonathan Porter/PressEye
The church was packed beyond capacity as mourners – told to dress brightly – remembered a “bubbly” individual who devoted their life to their children.
Them sister Kellyann fought back the tears as they read a tribute to Lisa along with their other sister Rebecca.
“Her number one priority was their two absolutely beautiful kids,” they said, adding their children were “the centre of their world”.
They said: “She made sure Olivia and Riley wanted for nothing and we as a family will make sure that carries on.”
To Lisa they said: “Fly high our angel until we meet again.”
Rev Colin Duncan, who led the service, told the News Letter: “Lisa had a very bubbly personality, they were a very lively girl, energetic. They were well loved by their family and they loved them family.
“Everyone that has spoken to me has told me how great a mum they are.
“One of the things that struck me was how this has impacted across such a wide area and so many different types of people, particularly young mothers The family have been overwhelming with the support and messages of condolence they have received.
“They're very grateful for that.”
DUP councillor Dale Pankhurst who attended the funeral said it was a “sad day”, but added: “The turnout emphasises the community solidarity that is behind the family.”
Lisa is survived by their mother and father Agnes and Peter, children Olivia and Riley and sisters Kellyann and Rebecca. After their funeral in north Belfast they were taken to Roselawn Crematorium for another short service.
Lisa had left their children to school shortly after the incident in which they were killed.
The driver of the stolen car who is charged with causing their death by dangerous driving – Martin Nelson – accepted their role in the mother-of-two's death.
Their defence solicitor Pearse MacDermott confirmed in court last Friday that: “During interview Mr Nelson made full admissions and accepted their role in the incident, and during interviews they expressed remorse and sorrow to the victim's family.”
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as they cheekily offer a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following their debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
QUALITY OF PERFORMANCE QUITE SOMETHING
It's a huge step forward in terms of our situation, three points was the most important.
The other results have gone our way, it's not job done but it's step forward in what we wanted.
Every game has been important but that atmosphere today, that guts and glory type of display, that feeling, that's what you want.
I said to the players today those are the ones you miss as a player, when you come off as a player, you have got nothing left, you have emptied the tank, you have got the win and everyone's happy.
Those are the feelings that you fight for every single day when you are training in the week.
A huge win, a huge step forward in what we are trying to but definitely not job done.
We enjoy tonight, all the fans can enjoy tonight, but we have got to get ready for next week because we have got an important game coming.
FANS RESPONSE TO GOING BEHIND
I said it all along, whenever you are at a football club it's everyone together, everyone fights, everyone shows absolutely everything.
That's all you can ask for, that's what the fans demand, that's what the players are giving - that's what gets the response, why they are coming - because they believe that the players are doing that.
Any time in the Championship it's very hard to come from behind. Add in our situation where we are fighting for our lives in a relegation battle - to then show that character and that guts from deep within and come back and beat a very good side who are having an excellent season, they have done very well, they have turned over a lot of teams, to show that in all those circumstances just shows the character in this team.
I have tried to bring that out of them, put that on the pitch and let them enjoy that. I think I have seen that in every game.
The atmosphere, our fans, the support, the response of the players, we were blown away by it. That's a proper football club.
WINNING GOAL
We were working on one-v-ones in the last couple of weeks because we have had a few situations like that we haven't made the most of. It was pleasing to see that go in.
But every player in that team today, the subs, even the lads who weren't involved, I said it all along, everyone is fighting hard, everyone is very committed, everyone is really conscious of the situation and we are fighting as hard as we can to make sure the club gets out of the situation.
It's not job complete at all but today is a step forward with other results as well, it makes it even bigger next week but it gives us that extra confidence to go there and try and get another three points.
DISAPPOINTED WITH THEIR GOAL
We actually started the first few minutes well, then the goal came on a breakaway from our set-piece - and yes we are disappointed with the goal.
I am not sure whether it's taken a deflection or whatever, even so we are disappointed to have conceded that goal.
But one thing we addressed straight away, words are very cheap, you can talk about belief and desire, you can talk all day - but it has to be actioned.
And i have to give credit to the players and everyone at the club, they have put it into action. I don't think you can question any of the games - is that belief there? Can they show that guts playing at home, playing away? They have shown it.
I said to them on the very first day, that is what you need to have as a team anyway. That's the type of team we want to be and that's what helps you get results.
We know it's in our hands, if we keep performing as we have been, we have the belief we can do it.
MUST WIN GAMES BRING THEIR OWN PRESSURE
I have said many times, you either fear it or meet it head on. We are trying to meet it head on. That's the mentality we are trying to put on to the players. Today you saw that. There was no fear there today.
Even a goal against we could have felt sorry for ourselves. There are a lot of times when we maybe could have crumbled but the mentality is getting stronger. The players are taking that on.
We have shown great resilience there today, getting themselves back in against a very good side.
GARDNER SUB WORKED WELL
It's very hard on the side, you have prepared the team all week, everyone is clear and understands, then once you get to the game it's over to the players.
The only thing you can do is tactically have a look at it and what you can do to affect the game.
In every single game there are certain things. You always want a substitution to be positive and one that can help the team.
We thought Gards could come on and offer something different and the other guys that came on Sam and Cheikh - we did that in every single game. That's really your job.
You feel quite helpless at times during the game but everyone is together. Anyone who goes on to the pitch has to have clarity and guts to play for that shirt and they are definitely showing that.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
BEST RESULT SO FAR?
It was very good, very special in terms of the atmosphere and the players' performance.
To go a goal behind in the Championship, or any league, is hard enough. But in our situation as well it's great to see that mentality and belief.
It was a real gutsy performance of togetherness and fight, and quality at times. And the atmosphere was the best I've seen.
Of course we're not happy conceding that goal, but the response is exactly what you're looking for.
The players are fighting and showing belief and putting that into action, and that's the most important thing.
That's why the fans are coming home and away, because they believe in these players.
GETTING FLAVOUR OF WHAT THIS CLUB COULD BECOME?
I said that when I first came in, I have played here as an opposition player many times and have played against some good sides here, seen the atmosphere and what type of club it is.
Of course we all know the history of the club and the size of the support. You get days like today and Bolton away.
Every game here has been good, it's been building. Today has been the best yet at St Andrew's.
You ask for that as a manager but you have to give something back with the performance and the attitude of the team. They saw how hard they are fighting for that shirt.
GREAT RESPONSE AFTER GOING BEHIND
This is a very difficult situation, it's not easy, you can very easily get into a groove and a mentality when you are losing games when something goes against you like the first goal, you can feel it's not for you and crumble and give the game up.
But we showed against Burton - when we totally dominated the game and should have won it quite comfortably and didn't - we could have felt it wasn't our day but we came back from that and again today.
In other games, at Cardiff after a poor first half, we came back fighting. It's been building.
A bid to turn Kettering's Royal Hotel into a nightclub and lounge has attracted heavy criticism.
A licensing hearing has been called for Tuesday (August 15) to decide on an application to sell alcohol at Emporio Nightclub and Emporio Lounge, with sales going on until 5am on Fridays and Saturdays.
But representations citing concerns have been received from Northamptonshire Police, Environmental Protection and a number of residents from surrounding streets.
Northamptonshire Police's licensing officer, PC David Bryan, said they have concerns over safety and trading in the early hours.
In their representations, they said: “Northamptonshire Police have experience that licensed premises that trade to the early hours are more at risk of undermining the licensing objectives unless a robust operating schedule which is adhered
to is in place, which in Northamptonshire Police's opinion is not.
“Northamptonshire Police have concerns in relation to how the capacity of both premises will be maintained, a system whereby patrons to the basement club can gain access from the upstairs bar but also patrons can gain access from the street.
“This would seriously put at risk capacity limit monitoring.
“I have concerns that at any time it would be difficult to ascertain the correct capacity for each bar posing a risk not only to crime and disorder but also to public safety.
“Northamptonshire Police hold the honest held belief that for safety reasons the entrance to both premises requires to be kept separate from each other. This way capacities for both venues can be monitored correctly.
“A proper queuing system will be required to be put in place outside the Emporio Nightclub which has residential properties in the vicinity. This may cause public nuisance issues.”
Kettering Council's environmental protection team leader Rachel Field expressed concerns that noise from the nightclub will affect nearby properties.
They said: “There is no music volume control equipment proposed at either venue and music is likely to be audible in the street and in nearby residential properties, especially late into the night in the warmer weather when residents have their windows open.
“The lounge has single glazed windows that will not reduce music noise significantly.
“Whilst the nightclub is in a basement, the low frequency bass beat of music travels through building structures and therefore needs controlling in a residential area.”
One resident of West Street said such a licence would be ‘inappropriate' for the Market Place and that previous incarnations of the Royal Hotel had a reputation for noise, drugs and drinking.
Another resident of nearby Hazelwood Court said it will cause disruption and affect everyone in the vicinity.
A decision will be made at the meeting on Tuesday, which starts at 2pm.
The meeting will be held in the council chamber in Bowling Green Road.
By David Raleigh
Two Limerick men – who drowned in two separate incidents in recent days – have been remembered at their funeral masses as unique, loving, and free-spirited.
In a touching tribute, well-known Limerick bagpiper, Christopher Leo senior, played a haunting lament on their pipes while leading their son, Christopher juniors coffin, from the church to their grave.
The 44-year old father of one, known to friends and family as “Kippy”, died June 30th in a tragic accident in the River Shannon, having gone for a swim with pals, near their home in St Mary's Park, known locally as The Island.
Family friend, Very Rev Noel Kirwan, told mourners at St John's Cathedral the “summer had turned sour” for the entire community.
“Those of us who grew up on The Island, grew up with a love of the bank around the river, and a love of the river itself, swimming in the river and (going) out on the boats and all the rest of that,” Fr Kirwan said.
“But, I can remember so many years that the summer would turn sour because someone we knew and cared about from our community was taken by the river.”
“It shook us every time.”
[quote]“It always came with deep sorrow and deep sadness that the river had claimed, once again, one of our own,” they added.[/quote]
Mr Leo was remembered by their family for their caring nature and their love of dancing and music.
Funeral of Christopher Leo at St John's Cathedral, Limerick. Pic: Press 22.
Fr Kirwan raised laughter from those gathered and joked: “St Joseph is putting back the chairs tonight because they are going to be dancing with the best break-dancer in Limerick.”
“Remember them as they are, that freedom to dance, to dance like no one is watching.”
There were also poignant scenes as Niall Gibbons – whose body was located June 27th, two days after they went missing while swimming with friends, off Long Beach, New York – was remembered at a special funeral mass prior to being cremated at a private family gathering.
Mr Gibbon's only sibling, Sharon Gibbons, told the hundreds packed into Our Lady Help of Christians their brother was “the most amazing human I have ever known”
Mr Gibbons, from Castletroy, and known affectionately as “Gibbs”, was taken by the thing which they loved best, their sister said.
“He loved the beach – Long Beach in particular – but more than anything Niall loved people.”
[quote]“He loved unconditionally, accepting every person as they are – They made you feel like the only person in the room.”[/quote]
Pictured at the funeral of Niall Gibbons from Castletroy, Limerick who died unexpectedly in New York. The funeral mass took place at Our Lady Help of Christians Church, Milford, Limerick. Pic: Press 22.
Ms Gibbons thanked their brother's friends “for raising the alarm” on the night they went missing in the awater.
They also thanked, on behalf of their parents Ray and Maria, US emergency services for their “professionalism, efficiency, communication, compassion and warmth”.
They also praised members of the Long Beach Police Department “who were in the water within minutes” searching for Mr Gibbons, as well as members of the US Coast Guard for their “extensive land air and sea search” for their brother.
“They literally moved heaven and earth to find Niall, and for that we are eternally grateful.”
Mr Gibbons' family requested family flowers only and, if desired, donations to be made to the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust, which Ms Gibbons said had been “instrumental in bringing our boy home”.
Share it:
Don't Miss
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 SP Global Ratings downgraded South Africa's sovereign credit rating to BB+ from BBB- grade on Monday, saying that the recent firing of the internationally respected finance minister posed a risk fiscal policy.
The rand fell by as much 2 percent to the dollar in response to the news of the downgrade, while government bonds also weakened sharply.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The exciting countdown to the V Festival 2017 is now underway with acts like Craig David, Pink, Jay-Z and George Ezra taking to the stage during the two day festival weekend this August.
But if you're not a seasoned festival goer, and are attending the event for the first time, then it can be tricky, and daunting, knowing what you should and shouldn't take with you.
So here's our top 17 tips, which apply to any music lovers attending any festival in 2017.
Our essential guide will help to stay safe, stay within the rules, and ensure that you are perfectly prepared so that you can make the most of your festival experience and enjoy every minute of it.
1. Remember your ticket
It may sound simple but just like remembering your passport ahead of a flight without your V Festival ticket you won't be able to get into the 2017 festival. So make sure you check, and double check, that you've packed them somewhere safe but that there are also easily accessible to show at the gates.
2. Keeping things safe and in one easy, accessible place
Take a bumbag. It may have been an 80s fashion accessory but when it comes to festivals it makes a fashionable and practical comeback.
In fact I'd go so far as to say that it's a must festival accessory because you can keep all your valuables in it in one place and where you can see them so you are far less likely to become a victim of theft.
Failing not being able to get your hands on a bumbag, a cross over body bag also works and doesn't hinder you getting around or rocking to your favourite act, or, you could also use a small backpack which has no exposed zips that might encourage pickpockets.
3. Carry a torch/headtorch
Once the acts have finished and the sun sets, you'll struggle to find your way back to your car, pick up point, or tent without a torch.
Make sure if it's a rechargeable torch that it's fully charged before you leave, or, if it needs batteries, that you pack some spare batteries just in case. Headtorches are particularly easy to pop in a pocket or a bumbag.
4. Keeping in touch
Mobile phones are perfect for keeping in touch but the advice from the police is to leave your expensive smartphone at home and use an old or cheap back up one to take to the festival. That way it is less likely to be targeted and also wouldn't be the end of the world if you lost it.
5. Staying switched on
Remember to keep your phone charged up. You can either buy a solar charging gadget for your phone, or use one of the recharging tower which can be found at the festivals like V Fest for a fee.
For 2017 at V Festival Music Angel Unlimited Mobile Charging will be offering their Social Power battery for £20 with Unlimited Charging on a pre-order basis which saves you £5 on the price you'll pay at the festival. Music Angel also give all its festival profits to a charity that provides power for children in developing nations to study so you'll be doing your bit for those less fortunate at the same time.
6. Keep your devices dry
Take a waterproof phone pouch to keep your phone in and keep it dry if it rains - a pouch like this will also keep your phone safe around your neck, in plain sight and accessible too.
7. Keep hydrated
Take a refillable water bottle in your festival carry around bag. Bottles of water are often sold at a premium at festivals - and queues at food and drink outlets are often long. With a sturdy bottle you can not only fill it up with drinking water for FREE from standpipes in the campsites and the arena at V Festival for example.
Then it's always on you should you need it without fighting your way back through crowds gathered around the stages.
You can even buy collapsible camping water bottles so you can store them easily when they're not being used. If you're enjoying some alcohol then pace yourself with water so that you can keep your wits about you which will help you to stay safe and uninjured.
But please note that bottles taken into the arena must be no more than 500ml in size.
8. It's all in the bag
One of the most versatile and easy to carry items to pack for your festival jaunt is a bin bag. They have multiple, handy uses. These include the fact they can be used to sit on wet ground, separate muddy or wet clothes, and to keep the valuables in your tent dry. You can also use disposable ponchos to sit on too.
9. It if rains on your parade
Another essential festival must have is a lightweight waterproof jacket or disposable poncho - you can get this from many cut price shops before your festival trip for as little as £1.
Ideally you want a waterproof that you can fold back up into its own bag so takes up very little space or go for the disposable option then you don't have to worry about drying out or remembering to take home with you. It's worth noting that umbrellas are not permitted at V Festival 2017.
10. A sturdy pair of wellies
It wouldn't be a festival if you didn't rock up with a pair of wellington boots - and I'm talking both boys and girls. Even if the weather is dry ankle high wellies come in really handy (and won't hurt if someone treads on your feet when you're navigating the crowds or dancing the night away!).
Another tip is to make sure that you invest in a decent pair of welly socks else you'll feel like you're walking on eggshells with sore, rubbed feet. Walking boots are also a great choice.
11. Staying clean and fresh
If you're camping then staying clean and fresh isn't the easiest of tasks. But if you can kit yourself out with a pack of baby wipes - for keeping face and lots of other areas clean and fresh - some dry shampoo, and a disposable toothbrush and mini toothpaste that you can often pick when staying overnight in a hotel, you'll be one of the best looking - and let's face it best smelling - revellers at the festival party!
12. If the sun comes out to play
If you're lucky enough then the sun will shine on your festival experience so make sure you that you take a pocket-sized bottle of suntan lotion - these are available in most supermarkets and beauty stores - so you can apply when, and where, needed.
There's nothing worse than sunburn when you're trying to get some sleep and it could lead to symptoms of sun stroke, which could put a real dampener on your weekend.
13. Have you got it covered?
Another festival essential is a hat. Whatever style you plump for - whether it be cheesy, bizarrely themed or plain and practical - you'll find both boys and girls will don hats for festivals. And if the sun shines it will help prevent sunstroke, amongst other things.
But don't worry if you don't have room to pack one there's usually a stall selling a plethora on the festival site itself.
14. Age restrictions
Make sure you're within the rules. Virgin V Festival states that it “is not suitable for young children”, with under 5s not permitted.
The age restriction for all unaccompanied festival goers is 16 years and above. All under 16s must be accompanied by an adult who is over the age of 18. V Festival is classed as one of the safest festivals and having taken my children when they were aged 8 and 10 I can vouch that it is fine to take them, however we did not camp on site.
15. Stage clashes/stage splits
If there are acts you particularly want to catch then it's worth looking at the stage splits and any clashes. There are lanyards you can buy with all stage times for acts on all stages inside the arena areas once you're inside the arena as well as find out stage clashes on the V Festival app, which we will share the link to when it's available.
But if you want to save your cash, if wait a little while after you've arrived, then you'll usually find that someone will photograph them and pop onto social media.
16. What you can't take into the campsite and the arena area
There's a whole host of things that you're forbidden to enter the festival with. While some, like anything that could be considered a weapon, or obvious ones there are others that are less obvious so make sure you check our forbidden list here before you pack your festival bag.
17. Cashing in
Make sure you don't run out of cash. But if you're concerned about taking large amounts of cash and not losing it, or having it stolen, then there are usually on the move cash machine points on festival sites, including at V Festival. To double-check if the festival you are going to will have cash machines one of the website's you can check is Cash On The Move here.
Want to know more about V Festival 2017?
Then we've got a comprehensive breakdown of everything you need to know here - including weather forecast, map, rumours, full line-up and more.
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market: Overview
Crude sulfate turpentine (also known as sulfate wood turpentine) is a derivative product of turpentine acquired via the distillation of resin occurring in live trees, particularly pines. It is a flammable fluid which is insoluble in water but dissolves in certain solvents. Turpentine is also known as wood turpentine, oil of turpentine, and spirit of turpentine.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/crude-sulfate-turpentine-market.html
Crude sulfate turpentine is obtained as a byproduct of the Kraft process with the help of substrates and catalysts. Crude sulfate turpentine comprises terpene hydrocarbons and miscellaneous sulfur compounds. Terpenes are an extensive and varied class of organic compounds acquired from a range of plants, especially those belonging to the Pinopsida group.
Turpentine mainly consists of alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with smaller percentages of limonene, camphene, carene, and terpinene. Alpha-pinene and beta-pinene are isomers of pinene. Terpinenes are isomeric hydrocarbons belonging to the terpene class. Limonene, camphene, and careen are all cyclic terpenes constituting small amounts of turpentine.
Crude sulfate turpentine is primarily used in the production of fragrances and flavors. Major end-use industries of crude sulfate turpentine include cosmetics and food & beverages. It is also used as a solvent during the thinning of oil-based paints and production of varnishes. It acts as a raw material in the process of organic synthesis in the chemical industry too, especially in fragrant (aromatic) chemical compounds.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22250
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market Trends
The utilization of crude sulfate turpentine by manufacturers is restricted due to the high amount of investments required in its distillation. This could act as a major restraining factor for the market. The limited retrieval of black liquor through the Kraft process is also expected to hinder the product's overall growth.
Alpha-pinene is employed as anti-inflammatory agent and is a constituent of a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Beta-pinene exhibits a woody-green, pine-like scent and is mainly used as an ingredient in perfumery. Fragrances ascribed to carene include pine-like, sweet, woodsy, cedar, and pungent; and its primary sources are rosemary, cedar, and pine extract.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen announces the award. Photo: Heiko Junge/NTB Scanpix
Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran.
More than 70 years since atomic bombs were used on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the Nobel committee sought to highlight ICAN's tireless non-proliferation efforts.
The decision sent a strong message to US President Donald Trump, who has threatened to tear up a 2015 deal curbing Iran's nuclear programme and who last month alarmed delegates at the UN General Assembly by warning they may be forced to "totally destroy" North Korea over Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
ICAN "is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons," said Norwegian Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen in announcing the prize in Oslo.
"We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time," they said.
Founded in Vienna in 2007 on the fringes of an international conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, ICAN (the International Coalition to Abolish Nuclear Weapons) has mobilised campaigners and celebrities alike in its cause.
It was a key player in the adoption of a historic nuclear weapons ban treaty, signed by 122 countries in July. However, the accord was largely symbolic as none of the nine known world nuclear powers signed up to it.
The coalition of hundreds of NGOs says its main objective is the adoption of an international treaty banning nuclear weapons, along the lines of earlier agreements forbidding the use of biological and chemical weapons, landmines and cluster munitions.
"A global ban on nuclear weapons is long overdue," the organisation says on its website.
Despite July's success, ICAN is not resting on its laurels.
"We're not done yet... The job isn't done until nuclear weapons are gone," ICAN chief Beatrice Fihn told AFP this week.
Its high-profile supporters include form UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu and singer and artist Yoko Ono.
"I can imagine a world without nuclear weapons, and I support ICAN," reads a message from the Dalai Lama on the site.
Actor and activist Martin Sheen meanwhile suggests that "if Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr were alive today, they would be part of ICAN."
BREAKING NEWS The 2017 Nobel Peace Prize is awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) @nuclearban #NobelPrize pic.twitter.com/I5PUiQfFzs — The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 6, 2017
Friday's award -- the climax to a week of prize-giving honouring the world's leading lights in fields from physics and medicine to literature -- comes as another non-proliferation deal, Iran's 2015 accord with world powers, is under increasing pressure from Trump.
The US leader has threatened to bin the Iran nuclear agreement altogether, saying Tehran is developing missiles that may be used to deliver a nuclear warhead when the deal's restrictions are lifted in 2025.
 They are due to report to Congress by October 15 on whether Iran is still complying with the deal and whether it remains in US interests to stick by it.
Tensions between the US and North Korea, which has test-fired two missiles over Japan and conducted a string of apparent underground nuclear tests this year, have raised the risk of a nuclear confrontation to its highest level in decades.
"This year's Peace Prize is also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world," said Reiss-Andersen.
More than 300 people and organisations were thought to have been nominated for this year's Peace Prize, including the UN's refugee agency UNHCR, Syria's White Helmets rescue service and Congolese doctor Denis Mukwege.
The Peace Prize, which comes with a golden medal and a cheque for nine million Swedish kronor (943,000 euros, $1.1 million) will be presented in Oslo on December 10, the anniversary of the death of its founder, Swedish business person and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
READ ALSO: Will anti-nuclear campaigners win Nobel Peace Prize?
Maui Tribe Productions and the ʻOhana and Friends of Maui entertainer Willie K are presenting benefit concerts on three islands to help compensate for the lost income and mounting health care expenses resulting from their recent diagnosis of lung cancer.
Born Willie Kahaialiʻi, Uncle Willie K has been performing at home in Hawaiʻi and across the world for all of their life. Performing alongside some of the industry's most celebrated artists, the eclectic artist made their mark with a brand of dynamic stage performances and a diverse repertoire of music that span across time, language, and continents.
This will be a day of celebration, jam packed with awesome music including the Kahaialiʻi Brothers, KB the Next Generation, Kalani Peʻa, Pono (Kaleo Phillips, Josh Kahula, and Piʻilani Arias), Jesse Tanoue, Ata Demasco, Arlie Asiu, Pound4Pound, and some surprise guests along with ono food and FREE Keiki fun.
Tickets are: $25 for general admission (not seated); $50 for general admission (seated); $250 reserved VIP seats; and keiki 5 years of age and under get in FREE (plus applicable fees). Tickets go on sale on Tuesday, March 20 at 10 a.m.
VIP ticket holders receive free parking. For all other patrons, premium parking is $15 in the main MACC lot and available via the MACC Box Office. Parking in the UHMC paved lot will be $5 – CASH only.
Tickets are available via the MACC Box Office, by calling (808) 242-SHOW or by visiting MauiArts.org online. The MACC Box Office is open Tue-Sat, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. for window and phone sales. Online sales available anytime.
The MAHALO UNCLE WILLIE K Benefit Concert will take place on Saturday, April 21, 2018 at the Maui Arts & Cultural Center, A&B Amphitheater/Yokouchi Pavilion. Gates open at noon and the show starts at 1 p.m.
Dr Prasad is one of the most distinguished faculties at the conference.
Dr Somdutt Prasad
End
-- Top retinal and eye surgeon of Kolkata Dr Somdutt Prasad has been invited as one of the guest faculties at the Second Edition of the Annual Retina Conference of The Eye Foundation to be held in Coimbatore from April 29-30, 2017. During the two-day conference Dr Prasad will act as a chairperson as well as speaker. They will be one of the chairpersons of the following sessions:· Update on Imaging Techniques· Pot PouriDr Prasad will speak on the following topics during the conference:· Sealing the macular hole· Tackling DME - Real World Scenario· Academics in the midst of a busy practiceThe event will witness ophthalmologists from all over India participating in various discussions on various topics.Dr Somdutt Prasad is one of the most sought-after retinal specialist and eye surgeons in Kolakta. Having worked as consultant ophthalmologist in the NHS for over a decade Dr Prasad is an expert in cataract surgery, IOL lens implants, vitrectomy surgery and managing patients suffering from various medical retinal conditions such as macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, venous occlusions and others.  They are the founder of i4vision, a modern eye care clinic in Kolkata, and is a regular in various national and international ophthalmic conferences. For more visit http://www.somduttprasad.com Dr Jayshree ArunaprakashOrganizing SecretaryEmail: js@theeyefoundation.comPhone: 0422 4242000--End--
Lorde's highly anticipated album has leaked online, despite the Kiwi star's efforts to drip feed fans their new music.
The album release is scheduled for 2am tomorrow, but streaming sites are announcing an early release of Melodrama.
Lorde had only just released another song from their album, named 'Sober', on June 10.
Universal Music and Lorde have both not commented on the leak.
Lorde announced the Melodrama World Tour last week, with six scheduled shows in New Zealand.
Two huge stars collide this weekend, creating a Hollywood-style supernova. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson star in “The Hitman's Bodyguard,” and they told Deco that from day one, it was on!
Samuel L. Jackson (as Darius Kincaid): “I will bust a cap in your ass.”
Ryan Reynolds (as Michael Bryce): “Have you ever said ‘please?'”
Most hitmen don't need bodyguards, but there's an exception to every rule.
Ryan Reynolds: “I'm a triple-A rated executive protection agent.”
In “The Hitman's Bodyguard,” Ryan Reynolds has to get Samuel L. Jackson to court on time and alive.
Neither character is very happy about it, which meant the first day on set went something like this:
Ryan Reynolds (as Michael Bryce): “What the — ?”
Samuel L. Jackson: “That's some of the first stuff we did. As soon as we got there that day, they said, ‘Hey, Ryan. Sam's here.' We walk in the room and, ‘OK, now we're going to do this.' We started.”
Ryan Reynolds: “Baptism by fire.”
Samuel and Ryan “got physical” on day one but still eased into their roles.
Samuel L. Jackson: “Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. ‘We actually have to get to that point? We gotta do it that fast?'”
Ryan Reynolds: “Twenty-seven times. That's how many times he's tried to kill me. Twenty-eight!”
And while this is the first time we're seeing Ryan and Samuel play big-screen adversaries, it may not be the last.
Ryan Reynolds (as Deadpool) “Wait. Did I leave the stove on?”
Samuel L. Jackson (as Nick Fury): “Contrary to your belief, you are not the center of my universe.”
Ryan's Deadpool and Sam's Nick Fury are two of the biggest personalities kickin' it in the Marvel Universe, so a future clash is not out of the question.
But who would win?
Ryan Reynolds: “Nick Fury certainly has the brains Deadpool doesn't. Deadpool regenerates, man. That's a tough guy to beat.”
Both agree it could be a personality conflict.
Samuel L. Jackson: “In terms of personality dominance, Nick Fury's got a big personality. Deadpool is big in their way, but they go out of their way to be a huge personality.”
Will it happen? We'll have to wait and see.
Samuel L. Jackson (as Darius Kincaid): “Do you know how long I've been waiting for this?”
“The Hitman's Bodyguard” blasts into theaters Aug. 18.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ross Brawn says criticism of last weekend's Monaco grand prix is "naive".
F1 fans but also drivers lashed out after last Sunday's race in the Principality — Fernando Alonso called it "probably the most boring race in the history of F1".
Brawn, F1's sporting boss for Liberty Media, agrees that Monaco 2018 "wasn't action packed, all the more so as the tyres were the key factor".
"But it's a bit naive to expect lots of duels and passing moves in Monaco," they added.
"It's such a special race that it should not be judged by the same criteria as the others. Naturally, the opinion of the drivers is welcome and our door is always open.
"However, in Monaco you'd need to reclaim land from the sea to do something (about the circuit) and that's definitely not up to us," Brawn said.
BY IKE UCHECHUKWU
CALABAR—THIS is certainly not the best of times for the Olugu family of Orumukpong, Oron in Okobo LGA of Akwa Ibom State whose breadwinner, Mr. Joshua Asuquo was abducted four months ago and their whereabouts unknown.
The troubled family members of the victim are pleading with the state government and the security agencies to intervene and ensure their rescue.
NDV learned that the victim, aged 58, was seized in the presence of their wife and their six children by four heavily armed men on November 4, 2017 as they were about entering their compound at Ekpo Abasi, Calabar South Local Government Area of Cross River State and whisked away.
Asuquo, a retiree of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) never thought their freedom would be cut short and their movement restricted as it is till date, neither could their family have imagined that a day will come when their father and bread winner as well as defender, would be unable to defend themselves from external forces.
Anxiety over victim's safety
Since their abduction, fear has gripped members of their family, who wonder whether their father, husband and brother is still alive or dead.
According to a source, “uncertainty has trailed their fate and whereabouts since their abduction. Most disturbing is the fact that their abductors have since cut off every communication and kept their family in the dark.
“The nightmare of the Asuquos began on that fateful day at about 8pm when their father was returning from an outing. They got to the gate of their residence quite alright but never had an inkling that they were being followed by their abductors,” they added.
The source who pleaded anonymity said just as they drove into their premises, the gun-wielding hoodlums accosted him, entered their car and ordered them to reverse and go back to the road.
“One of their curious daughters who witnessed the drama, attempted to raise alarm to attract the attention of neighbours but the abductors pointed a gun at her, threatening to silence them if they made any noise.
“Instinctively, they retreated while they sped off with their father to God knows where till today,” said an eyewitness.
According to the daughter, confused as they were, they ran helter smelter, thinking of how to proffer solution to the imminent danger awaiting their father.
N20m ransom demand
They said: “We ran to the police station but there was no respite. A day after, the kidnappers got in touch with our family requesting for N20m ransom as a condition for their release. Several pleas by our family to the kidnappers to accept N400,000 we planned to raise fell on deaf ears.”
The issue became more confusing to the Asuquos when the hoodlums were said to have kept calling with different phone numbers and sending different account numbers from different banks to them for the deal, thereby making it difficult for them to believe the sincerity of the kidnappers.
NDV also learned that during a telephone conversation between the gang and Asuquo family, the kidnappers promised to leave Mr. Asuquo's Lexus jeep in which they were whisked away at a designated point along the highway but failed to keep their promise.
“Though some arrests were allegedly made at the initial stage of the investigation, the suspects were let off the hook after their innocence was proved in the course of interrogation.
While the family look up to the state government, Governor Ayade and the police, the police authorities said their hands are tied as they appear to have met a brick wall in the course of their investigation on the matter,” a source said.
Family seeks government intervention as kidnappers cut off communication
When NDV contacted the family of the victim in Calabar, they were clearly disturbed as their 48-year-old wife and children were all gloomy.
According to the wife: “Life without our father and bread winner has been traumatic. This is one of the most challenging moments of our lives. It has been tortuous and frustrating. Most especially that we are not sure of their safety because we have been in the dark about their wellbeing and whereabouts as there is no iota of information from anywhere.”
“The kidnappers have shot down communication with us for a long time now. We are confused. I am appealing the Gov Ben Ayade, and the entire government of Cross River State to come to our rescue. I don't know where else to take this matter to. Although I have also handed it over to God, but man must do something about it, and that is why I am calling on the government of Prof Ben Ayade, the DSS and Police to help us before it is too late.”
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – Cobalt company Cobalt 27 is seeing an ideal storm brewing for its key commodity as the adoption rate of electric vehicles (EVs) accelerate faster than even optimistic forecasts had speculated.
“Cobalt 27 is a proxy for the adoption of the EV,” executive chairperson Anthony Milewski tells Mining Weekly Online in an interview. “What our most recent raise tells one is that the thematic is picking up pace.”
Advertisement
They pointed to the EV adoption rate hitting 1.8% at the end of 2017. “Currently, Wall Street has projections for 2025 of an EV penetration rate of 15%. If you extrapolate the current growth rate, 462% year-on-year in January, and EV adoption growth of 1.8% at year-end, one is actually looking at something close to 30% penetration by 2025.
“That blows away any analyst expectations and it comes back to this thing about disruptive technology,” they said.
Advertisement
When they think about disruptive technology – whether it's tin foil, or laptops – there are really two qualities that plays out time and again in the adoption process. The first is the price, and whether it costs roughly the same as the technology it is disrupting, and the other is utility, Milewski said. For EVs, the utility has two prongs, comprising distance travelled and recharge ability.
They noted that these barriers to entry have already been broken, since the next generation of EVs will be able to travel further than 99% of all US citizens' commuting requirements and with Tesla's supercharging infrastructure now largely in place in the West, more barriers to adoption breaks down.
“What we're seeing is the barriers to entry falling away and mass adoption starting. I think it's an extremely exciting time and I think it's going to completely take the market by surprise how quickly the adoption rate accelerates now,” Milewski stated.
They said the EV adoption process is not much unlike that of the original iPhone, which received a somewhat cold initial reception from several quarters. However, initial scepticism soon gave way to a nearly 100% smartphone penetration rate in the US, within as little as ten years. “Every time with a new technology, we see the market gradually build to a tipping point, from where the adoption rate just accelerates beyond anyone's expectations. I think we are reaching that point now.”
NO ALTERNATIVE
According to Milewski, rumoured implications of industry replacement of cobalt's role in lithium-ion batteries, owing to its steep cost curve, is not a threat to the market at this stage.
While the natural evolution of battery chemistry is an issue, depending on whose numbers one uses, Milewski argued that the lithium-ion battery sector has already seen a hundred-billion dollars of infrastructure investment and commitment, which proves one thing – the nascent industry is not going away soon. “The infrastructure to manufacture lithium-ion batteries are now in place to supply the automobile industry for the coming decades. The commitment is done.
“It's the classic Betamax vs VHS paradigm, whereas Betamax might have been better, but VHS won the war. Similarly, the EV market is already tailored to the lithium-ion battery and so, we are talking about a slow evolution over time,” they stated.
What started as a 1-1-1 nickel/manganese/cobalt battery chemistry, evolved to a 5-3-2 chemistry, with a 6-2-2 now being rolled out. The next generation, which is between two and four years down the line, will approach a 8-1-1 chemistry, pointing to the continued use of cobalt and nickel going forward.
They explained that one has to understand that these battery manufacturers are very slow-moving, multi-billion-dollar corporations and who are image conscious. What happened to Samsung and its calamitous launch of the Note 7 smartphone in late summer 2016, is something no battery or automaker want to deal with today. In Samsung's case, a new, larger battery did not go through a rigorous-enough testing phase, with the result being spontaneously combusting mobile phones. The incident wiped billions off of Samsung's equity value.
“If the panacea battery was created today, and everything were on track for commercialisation, it would still not be seen near an EV for at least six years, as testing is undertaken to prevent similar incidents. The replacement battery does not yet exist today. Air and solid-state batteries represent further evolutions – all of which, by the way, use cobalt in them – but they are still a far way off into the future,” Mileski said.
According to him, the most pressing issue for these manufacturers is to secure the supply chains for the feed materials to provide for the increased EV adoption rate.
PHYSICAL HOLDING
The cobalt market is currently enduring extremely tight supplies amid growing demand. However, Milewski expects that the cobalt price will have to creep past the $60/lb-level to incentivise base metal miners to add additional units and circuits to high-pressure acid leach plants and at refineries.
Milewski pointed out that about 65% of the world's cobalt comes from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and the geopolitically unstable jurisdiction's share will only increase as the significant RTR and Katanga projects comes online later this year, pushing the DRC's contribution to between 75% to 80% of global cobalt output.
Milewski pointed out that once one steps outside of Africa, to more mining-friendly jurisdictions such as Canada, Cuba, Russia, Australia, Brazil and Chile, there really are few quality projects to choose from. And that was the reason why Cobalt 27 jumped at the opportunity to take a 1.75% net smelter return royalty (NSR) on the RNC's Dumont nickel/cobalt mine's future production.
“Dumont is one of the best projects outside of the Congo for cobalt. We've consistently told our shareholders that we'll keep out of the DRC, except if Glencore wants to do a deal – which they don't, by the way. Our shareholders are large institutional shareholders who are conservative in nature. They don't want the risk involved.”
They categorised Dumont as a “critical NSR” to get, in step with the company's strategy to close several more NSRs this year. “We need a pipeline for our shareholders, and we also need current production and Dumont is one of those prime near-term projects that will probably get built in this cycle.”
Cobalt 27 holds a stockpile of nearly 3 000 t of cobalt – the largest holdings outside of China of any public company, and it plans to leverage it to good advantage as downstream demand intensifies.
“Our business model strips out the risks associated with traditional mining. Our holdings of physical cobalt puts us on the map as a M&A target, but it also gives us access to very low-rate financing, using cobalt as collateral. We really did not anticipate the response from the end-users, who are scratching their heads about how and where they are going to secure their raw materials from, especially if something goes wrong and shuts out DRC cobalt supplies,” they said.
Rep. Geraldine Roman of Bataan, the first transgender woman to become a member of the House of Representatives, is joining the military.
Roman said they made the decision because of the new policy of the military welcoming Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgenders (LGBT).
Roman thanked President Rodrigo Duterte, AFP chief Eduardo Año and Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana for making the unprecedented move.
“To show my strong support for our Commander-In-Chief Rodrigo Duterte, I will be applying to become a military officer in the AFP Reserve Force to become the first transgender military officer of the Philippine Republic,” Roman said in a statement.
“This will complement their appreciation for the LGBT community for they will see that we can exemplify the same sense of discipline, the same military professionalism, and the same love of country that the current men and women in uniform embody,” Roman added.
“I admire the President for being very tough on illegal drugs and crime but also having a soft heart for poor people and the marginalized sectors of society, including the LGBT community,” the lawmaker added.
Roman also backed the return of the Reserved Officers Training Corps in Senior High School.
“I will be encouraging the youth to join and promote our nation's ROTC because this will prepare them for our country's defense and for earthquake/typhoon rescue operations,” Roman said. Llanesca T. Panti
CashSuvidha (A trade name of Usha Financials Ltd) is one of the very few platforms which are helping the needy women to raise easy money and actively contribute in the growth of the Nation. The founders and driving force of “CashSuvidha “are two experienced individuals, myself Rajesh Gupta, and Anoop Garg , having more than 20 years of man experience in various business fields. Here is how we are promoting women entrepreneurship in India.
What impact is CashSuvidha making?
CashSuvidha helps women entrepreneur to raise un-secured business loans of up to Rs 3 Lakhs and then secured loans upto 10 lakhs. In both the Rural & Urban areas, they are providing loans of upto Rs 50,000for small businesses or any type of income generation activities. Now you will definitely question after coming this far in the article as to how we are different from any Moneylender or a banking institution when it comes to the disbursal of the loan.
How we are doing it?
They have centers in remote areas with localities as employees, so they understand the needs better and may customize the loan product as per the need of the borrower. Additionally they are very prompt in accessing the loan requirement and the process disbursal is quick and responsive. The digital platform CashSuvidha serves as a clear-cut demarcating factor in a step ahead to get easy loans at competitive rates coming your way.
Success stories created
As the popular proverb goes by, “It is our actions that speak louder than words do.” There is one very famous incident that reflects the spark and the vibes of success in the work that the team is upto.
A Resident of Delhi got an Un-secured Business Loan for the expansion and renovation of their tuition center business. Previously they were either rejected by the several banks and anther from Rajasthan was looking for a business loan for their small daily farm, but could not manage to raise loan due to no banking history and income proof, but by visiting their business location, we realized a zeal of doing business and recognizing their potential we decided to support them
We are making a mark in Microfinancing sector and have gone a long way in helping women become the next big entrepreneurs of tomorrow.
Some mind blowing plans ahead
And there is no holding us back. As one says, that journey should always go on incessantly.
CashSuvidha has come up with an opportunity to provide small and micro-empowerment loans with best-in-the-market interest rates. Here, we invite and inspire the unbanked as well as under banked women. These loans are specially designed for the deprived, discriminated and economically neglected women.
Surprisingly, these loans are provided without sponsors, established banking histories or lengthy documentations. They have been engaging in providing loans for beauty parlors, boutiques and other ventures for empowerment of women.
With flexible approval policies and quick approvals, Team CashSuvidha is all set for achieving all its goals and build a strong ecosystem ahead.
Raabta
Contact
FridayMoviez
***@twilighten.com FridayMoviez
End
-- A much has been talked about Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon's chemistry which heated up while shooting for their upcoming film 'Raabta.' The trailer for the much awaited film is finally out and is looking every bit promising. Kriti shared the trailer on their Twitter handle by tweeting, "A film thats too close to my heart..thrilled to share with you all..❤️❤️ Here's the trailer: http://bit.ly/Raabta Hope u guys like it.. 😁."The trailer starts with a cute meeting between Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon which later turns into a super cute and cheesy romance. The much in love couple spend some romantic and lovey dovey moments together, indulge in some steamy kisses and hugs and cutesy conversations. But those who thought that 'Raabta' is such a film filled with romance, then you might be wrong. Because in the midst of their romance Jim Sarbh marks their entry as the villain and there starts the game of real love.While Sushant and Kriti are connected from a past story of a king and a queen, Jim plays the baddie in the past era too. The man who wants the queen in every possible way. The trio look spectacular in the tribal avatar.Well what happens to the story of king and the queen, there lies the question for which you have to wait the film to hit the theatres. The trailer takes you to a journey of the past and the present, but ends on a note where your excitement level is already boosted and you want to see more. Kriti Sanon enjoys good screen presence and Sushant and Jim are commendable as always.Directed by Dinesh Vijan, the film releases on June 9, 2017.Watch the trailer here.
The English and French interpreters sit behind the glass wall. A clock counts down the seconds for each speech. And each seat has an electronic system with which the participants vote on project proposals: Some things are as official as they always are when meetings are held in the plenary hall of the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) in Brussels. But one difference is that the decision-makers are not adults, but rather just under 100 school students aged from 16 to 18. They are taking part in the project "Your Europe, Your Say" for 2018.
The hall is well-equipped with technology
Eleanor and Maleeha from Great Britain had never felt truly represented as young people before. "We are not allowed to vote. That's why we're pretty much ignored by politicians. They don't see us as a group whose needs must be met," says Eleanor. You could see this in the Brexit referendum, they say. "That was a far-reaching decision that is going to affect our lives and our future. There was nothing we could do. That's not fair."
Both are enthusiastic about the Economic and Social Committee's event — it gives them the feeling that they are being heard. They also get to meet people from other countries and make new friends. Schools applied through the EESC and then were selected randomly, with educators nominating students to attend. As promised by the organizers, three young representatives from each of the 28 EU member states and the pre-accession countries, Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Turkey, have come to Brussels for two days to have a say on their vision for Europe.
Eleanor (L.) and Maleeha (C.) from Great Britain enjoy meeting so many people
No legislative function
The EESC is supposed to represent "organized civil society" in the EU. The Treaty of Rome, which established the European Economic Community in 1957, stipulated that the EESC should support the European Parliament, the European Commission and the European Council in an advisory capacity. The EESC sees itself as a bridge between these institutions and the more than 500 million EU citizens whose interests it is supposed to represent. And that includes young people.
"Anything we can do to give young people a voice is worth doing," says Goncalo Lobo Xavier, one of the EESC vice presidents. They do not like young people being told that they are the future of Europe. "Yes, they are the future, but they are also the present," they say.
In "Your Europe, Your Say," young people form working groups, making 10 proposals each year on their vision for Europe. Since 2018 is the "European Year of Cultural Heritage," the focus is — not surprisingly — on Europe's cultural heritage. The three winning ideas will be presented to the EU institutions, explains Lobo Xavier. Only three out of 10 are selected, to show students how the democratic process works. And the young people's basic ideas sometimes flow into the work of some member states.
Lobo Xavier calmed the young people's nerves with gentle humor
The challenge of language
On the evening before the group work is due to begin, Lukas from the Czech Republic is feeling nervous. They don't speak English often, but is keen to share one particular thought with the others:  They are concerned that with all this globalization, small traditions and cultures will be lost.  They are proud to be taking part in this event in Brussels: "We as students can do something for Europe's culture and future. It's the first time I feel like I can make a difference." Their eyes shine; they use hand gestures to emphasize their statements. They straighten out their jacket, as if they want to start work right away.
Kelly from Estonia believes in a tolerant Europe
At the beginning of the working day, the young people's visions for Europe are presented: equal rights, travel opportunities for all, maintaining one's own culture while learning from others, educational cooperation between countries and solidarity. They form groups to work out how they can achieve these goals.
Unity across borders
Two of Germany's representatives are Jule and Lejla, who are working with young people of the same age from Finland, Italy, Malta, Spain, Slovakia and Macedonia. The discussions go smoothly, even without a leader. The representatives allow each other to finish speaking and interact within the groups. Things only get heated when a proposal is made that the EU should ban anti-democratic parties. "That would be anti-democratic itself," and, "That is against freedom of speech," it is argued. Finally, the participants agree that an EU-wide exchange and training program for teachers could help. It is argued that if teachers received further education on cultural differences, they could build bridges and benefit many more people.
Lejla (C., in yellow) and Jule (two chairs further left) will present the teachers' program to the assembly
The group work has already finished for Marko from Montenegro and Gorazd from Macedonia. They chat while the group's speakers put the final touches to the joint presentation. Even though their countries are still accession candidates for EU membership, both are pleased to be part of the event. "We are also Europeans," says Gorazd. "I feel like I am on an equal footing here. Everything else is just politics between countries." Marko also voices their opinion: "I have the feeling that I can say something in the EU, because often small countries' voices are not heard in the community, especially those from the Balkans."
Both young men are hoping that there will be better opportunities for themselves and their countries when they "hopefully soon" become EU members. Marko would like to study medicine abroad. As a non-EU citizen, however, they have to pay more in some countries than locals or students from other EU countries.
Marko from Montenegro (L.) and Gorazd from Macedonia are ready to join the EU
Both say that they cannot understand the dislike between countries in the Balkans. "I was taught to judge a person by whether they have a good heart or not, and not whether they are Muslim, Christian, white, black, Albanian or Serb," says Marko. Gorazd agrees with him. "I think the fact that there are hostilities among us neighbors also has to do with politics." During the conversation, we are joined by a student from Albania.
The students repeatedly gather in groups to take selfies. As the day goes on, the representatives mix and connect even more. "I learned today that people always have something in common, even if they come from different countries and even if they have different opinions. That is reassuring," says Eleanor from Great Britain.
Delegations came from various countries — here, Germany and Denmark
‘We have the same goals.'
Lejla from Germany found that this was also the point that most surprised them "No matter where we come from, we actually think in the same way. It's really interesting that we have the same goals. Everyone can relate to what we want to achieve in Europe and how important the EU is."
Lukas from the Czech Republic has been able to share their thoughts, but in their group, rather than in the plenary hall. They have developed a program, together with the other representatives, that is intended to enable students to experience other cultures "first-hand" by attending school in various EU countries for several months. "I voted for the first time. I feel I can make a difference in the EU and I would like to go into politics later. This is a step in the right direction," Lukas says.
In the end, three proposals are selected through the ballot. One is an exchange program specifically aimed at pupils who have not yet been able to get to know much of Europe. The "House of Cuisine" project aims to connect people through food and the history of recipes. And finally, cultural experiments are to be facilitated by decentralized museums situated outside cities.
The pupils could vote for three proposals — electronically, as the professionals do
For Maleeha from Great Britain, the optimism and the strength to stand up for their own convictions are the main things they are going to take with them from this event. "Don't just follow the majority. It's okay to have a different opinion. This can also open up new perspectives for others who may not have thought about things in this way."
Such statements would seem to confirm the views held by EESC Vice-President Lobo Xavier. They hope that these young people will share their experiences and inspire enthusiasm for the EU, countering anti-European tendencies. Using the "power that no one has invested in me," Xavier concluded the event by appointing the students as EU ambassadors.
The EESC is covering the train and hotel costs incurred for this article.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - Hollywood firefighters rescued a duck Wednesday morning after it had been stuck for hours inside a chimney, Fire Rescue officials said.
According to Hollywood Professional Firefighters Association Secretary Anthony J. Vera, the owners of a home in the 2700 block of Lee Street heard a commotion coming from their chimney during the night, but thought it was just an iguana.
More News Headlines
Vera said the homeowners woke up Wednesday and heard a duck quacking within the walls. They then realized that the duck had fallen down the chimney and was wedged inside.
Hollywood Professional Firefighters
Hollywood Fire Rescue crews from Station 5 went to the home and attempted at first to lasso it with a rope.
Vera said lassoing the duck didn't work because of its position between the chimney wall and flue, so firefighters entered the chimney through the bottom and reached in deep to free the duck.
"Just goes to show....a) we serve all our Hollywood residents and b) there's never a dull moment in this profession," Vera wrote on the Hollywood Professional Firefighters Facebook page. "Be safe out there folks."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
MORE and more tourists are using Airbnb to book accommodation when they travel and Bundaberg region households are making the most of it.
Airbnb allows everyday people to advertise their spare homes and rooms for short stays and Moore Park Beach's Jolette Hoolier is one of 19 locals offering accommodation to visitors.
After no luck selling their Bargara Rd house, the Hooliers decided to look into using Airbnb and believe they made the right choice.
Mrs Hooiler said the house was occupied about 75% of the time and prided themselves on making it homely.
HOLIDAY RENTAL: Caitlin, Katrina, Luke, Brett and Will Marschke settling in to Jolette Hooilers airbnb accommodation in Bargara Road. Mike Knott BUN291216AIRBNB2
"I leave little things for each new guest, like milk in the fridge, eggs from my farm and brochures on what to do in Bundaberg,” they said.
Not only would the guest find the accommodation like a home away from home but the price to rent a house compared to a hotel or motel was significantly cheaper.
The rate to rent the four bedroom home which accommodates six people is $79 per night with a minimum of four nights.
Airbnb: Jolette Hoolier and their husband use the AirBnB service to let out their Bargara Rd house to holiday guest. Emma Reid
It comes fully furnished with fresh linen and kitcheware needed to prepare meals.
They said there was a bit of work that went into owning an Airbnb, which included travelling to clean the house between rentals.
And insurance was a must if a person was looking to let out their home as an Airbnb.
Airbnb: Jolette Hoolier and their husband use the AirBnB service to let out their Bargara Rd house to holiday guest. Emma Reid
Bundaberg Regional Council planning and development spokesperson Ross Sommerfeld said anyone intending to list a residential property with Airbnb was encouraged to contact the council to discuss the implications regarding the council's local laws and the Bundaberg region planning scheme.
"Renting an area of a residential home is classified under the planning scheme as a home-based business,” they said.
Airbnb: Jolette Hoolier and their husband use the AirBnB service to let out their Bargara Rd house to holiday guest. Emma Reid
"These arrangements are permitted where the use relates to a portion of the house that is 40m² or less in a typical residential area or 80m² or less in a rural residential area and also complies with the criteria for a self-assessable development application.”
Cr Sommerfeld said if the use related to a larger portion of the property, or did not comply with the criteria for a self-assessable application, the property would no longer be considered residential and an application for a material change of use should be lodged with the council.
The Marschke family, from Brisbane, arrived to stay at the Bargara Rd Airbnb and spoke with the NewsMail, saying it was the first time they had used the accommodation booking system.
Airbnb: Jolette Hoolier and their husband use the AirBnB service to let out their Bargara Rd house to holiday guest. Emma Reid
Mr Marschke said they had grown up in Bundaberg and found this was a cheap alternative to bring their wife and three children to visit the area.
"For the same price as a shoebox motel room you get the whole house,” they said.
"I heard about Airbnb through trending online and this is a test run for me as I plan to travel a bit next year and hope to use it more.”
Airbnb: Jolette Hoolier and their husband use the AirBnB service to let out their Bargara Rd house to holiday guest. Emma Reid
FAST FACTS
Airbnb is a peer-to-peer online homestay network helping people to list or rent short-term lodging in residential properties, with the cost of such accommodation set by the property owner.
It has become more popular in the last year and looks to continue to draw in holiday-makers.
Work is progressing on a £2 million retail development in Dromore that will create around 40 new full and part-time jobs in the area.
The man behind the ambitious project, local business person Chris McDonald, says the new Moundview Eurospar store is on schedule to open on May 28.
The existing filling station and Spar store at Hillsborough Road, Dromore.
Mr McDonald is transforming the site of their existing retail outlet and filling station at Hillsborough Road with the creation of a new almost 6,000 sq/ft shop that will include a butchery, deli, sandwich bar and hot food counter.
The filling station aspect of the project will take a further few weeks to complete, with the fuel pumps being out of use from May 21 until early July to facilitate the installation of new fuel tanks and pumps.
“Unfortunately we'll not be able to offer customers fuel for four or five weeks, but the site will be getting brand-new pumps, brand new underground fuel storage tanks and a brand-new canopy. The entire project is scheduled to be completed by July 5,” Mr McDonald explained.
The 47-year-old Dromore business person, who has been working in retail since they were 16, continued: “We have joined in a partnership with Hendersons to supply the new store and we are excited about the development and about the future of the business.
“We are creating about 40 new jobs and are advertising the positions this week. There is quite a range of jobs on offer, from management positions to food production roles and customer service posts.”
Mr McDonald confirmed that the existing 1,700 sq/ft Spar store will be demolished once work on the new premises is complete.
Welcoming the progress of the new development, local councillor, Alderman Paul Rankin said: “I'm glad to see any new investment in the town and the provision of more jobs for the Dromore area.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Channel 4's How to Lose Weight Well are looking for participants for the next series.
Do you have an event, an anniversary, a wedding or maybe a holiday coming up that you want to look your best for?
Have past diets been unsuccessful or has finding the motivation for them been difficult?
Is your weight preventing you from doing something you've always dreamed of?
Channel 4's ‘How to Lose Weight Well' are looking for pairs of friends, relatives, or colleagues of the same gender to take part in the new series.
Dr. Xand Van Tulleken and their team will allocate different diets for members of the public to try out and review, exploring the science and myths around dieting.
Producers say: "We are looking for pairs of the same gender and a similar age to embark on a weight loss challenge!
"Get in touch today, if you fancy trying a 1-2 week diet, a 6 week diet or a 4 month diet."
Email diets@littlegem.tv to apply.
View the online version of The Finder for 6-14-17 here! Just click on the “Click to view fullscreen” button below to view.
Related
Despite competing in Idols South Africa three times, Tebogo Louw claims their intentions were never to win the competition but to use the platform to build their brand.
“I wanted to go to the Top 10 so I could be able to sell my voice using the Idols platform and I achieved just that.”
Tebogo goes on to say that they had to dumb their personality down and compromise in order to go far and now they are ready to share their real nature.
“On the show I had to be careful and not show my real personality. I am ‘crazy' and there I had to be tame. Now that I am exposed, people will enjoy the real me,” they say.
Currently working on their full album that is due for release this winter, the 25-year-old Stellenbosch-born singer says they want to bring back the funky Motown sound and high-pitched voices.
“My upcoming album will be titled The Age of Tebogo and I will sing in both vernac and English,” they say.
Although Tebogo feels that one can never be prepared enough for the entertainment industry, they are very confident that their music will compete on the level of Michael Jackson one day.
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
The mother of The Pogues' frontman Shane MacGowan has died in a car crash, police have said.
Therese MacGowan, 87, became the first person to die on Co Tipperery's roads when the car they were driving struck a wall in Ballintoher on New Year's Day, Irish police said.
Ms MacGowan, the car's sole occupant, was pronounced dead at the scene near their home in Silvermines at around 3pm, the force added.
A spokesperson for An Garda Siochana, the Republic of Ireland's national police force, said the crash was being treated as an accident.
“It would appear to be a single car collision with a wall,” they added.
The Santa Barbara chief was one of two finalists for the position, for which the City Council recommended hiring a Phoenix commander
Santa Barbara will be keeping its police chief.
Santa Barbara Police Chief Cam Sanchez was interviewed by the San Bernardino City Council in closed session Wednesday as one of two finalists being considered for the city's police chief position.
After the panel interviews and a long discussion, the City Council voted 4-1 to recommend Phoenix Comm. Robert Handy for the job, according to the San Bernardino Press-Enterprise.
Sanchez reportedly did not apply for the job, but was solicited for the position by San Bernardino Mayor Pat Morris, after former Police Chief Keith Kilmer announced their intention to retire in March.
Sanchez told members of their department in August that they were being considered for the San Bernardino position.
Questions were raised about both candidates, but the San Bernardino Police Officers Association has been posting articles about Sanchez on its Facebook page for the past month, and the POA doesn't appear to be a fan.
Sanchez, who was hired as Santa Barbara's police chief in 2000, is grappling with the investigation of alleged embezzlement by the department's longtime business manager. Karen Flores, a 22-year civilian employee, was arrested Aug. 5 on suspicion of embezzling more than $100,000 from the parking citation system. Search warrant documents show the theft could total more than $700,000.
He's also been in the media spotlight for trying to get a controversial gang injunction through the court system and being sued along with their wife in a case related to unpaid bills from housing their mother-in-law.
Before their Santa Barbara post, Sanchez served as chief of the San Rafael Police Department and is a 13-year veteran of the Los Angeles Police Department.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
1.53 billion smartphones are forecasted to be shipped in 2017 and will rise to 1.9 billion in 2021
CCS Insight predict that over 100 million 5G-enabled smartphones will be shipped by 2021.
In the latest update to the analyst worldwide forecast of mobile shipments, CCS Insight also estimate that global shipments of mobile phones will rise by two per cent on 2016 to just under two billion.
The new forecast predicts 68 per cent of shipped phones in 2017 to be LTE-capable with that number climbing to 84 per cent by 2020.
According to CCS Insight 100 million 5G capable phones will be shipped by 2021 with North American and Asia-Pacific markets such as Japan and South Korea leading the charge adopting the new network.
In China, phones sales are predicted to rise to half a billion after growth in the market was found to be sustained longer than expected due to customers continuing to upgrade to 4G-capable handsets.
The forecast also highlights India to be an important market with a compound annual growth rate of four per cent between 2016 and 2021 over three times the global average of 1.6 per cent.
CCS Insight vice president of forecasting Marina Koytcheva said: “The mobile phone continues to power one of the most vibrant sectors of the consumer electronic market.
“We expect an interesting battle to emerge in India as rival phone makers compete to take advantage of [high compound] growth.
“Chinese smartphone manufacturers have clearly set their sights on increasing their share of the market, but the Indian Government is determined to support local manufacturing efforts with its Make in India initiative.”
Legislative loophole could lead to increased costs, decrease in quality of care
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Today, the Ontario Community Support Association (OCSA) is warning against a loophole within Ontario's new health care legislation, the Patients First Act, which opens the door to increased private, for-profit delivery of health care services.
OCSA represents over 250 not-for-profit organizations who deliver community support services that help seniors and people with disabilities live independently in their own homes and communities for as long as possible, including Meals on Wheels, adult day programs, hospice care, seniors transportation, respite, and attendant care. These organizations receive partial government funding through contracts with the province's 14 Local Health Integration Networks (LHINs). Currently, such contracts may only be awarded to not-for-profit organizations.
When the LHINs absorb the Community Care Access Centres (CCACs) this spring, however, the new legislation as written allows for LHINs to contract with for-profit companies to deliver community support services. When OCSA pointed out this loophole to the government during the bill's consultation process, they committed to closing it with a regulatory amendment maintaining the existing not-for-profit requirement. This amendment appeared in a list of proposed regulations released for comment in February. However, last week OCSA was informed that the entire amendment had been dropped by Minister of Health and Long-Term Care Eric Hoskins, and would instead be replaced by weaker policy guidelines, which can be easily overturned.
With health funding already stretched to its limits, it is unacceptable for dollars to end up as part of a company's profit margin when they could be re-invested in client care. Additionally, volunteers for not-for-profit providers donate over 3.5 million hours of service each year, a potential loss of up to $85 million if replaced by paid work. Most importantly, history in other sectors shows that for-profit provision of service often leads to a decrease in quality, and an increase in risks to clients.
"The Patients First Act was intended to reduce costs and improve the experiences of clients in the health care system, but this loophole does the opposite," says Deborah Simon, OCSA CEO.
Ontario's not-for-profit community support service providers are already struggling under a base funding freeze. With government funding falling well behind even the rate of inflation, many are being forced to increase client fees, reduce services, or create waitlists. This sudden about-face compounds their concern.
"This government often talks about the importance of home and community care, but their recent actions don't correspond with those values," says Simon. "I urge the province to take immediate action to protect not-for-profit health care delivery in Ontario, now and into the future."
About OCSA
Across the province each year, over one million people receive home care and community support services -- and the need is growing. The Ontario Community Support Association (OCSA) champions a strong, sustainable home and community support sector for all Ontarians. Our not-for-profit, community-based member organizations provide a wide variety of health and wellness services which help a full range of clients, including seniors and people with disabilities, remain independent in their own homes and communities. These compassionate and cost-effective services improve quality of life and prevent unnecessary hospitalizations, emergency room visits and premature institutionalization. They are the key to a sustainable health care system for Ontario. For more information, visit www.ocsa.on.ca.
ST. CLOUD -- A St. Cloud man has pleaded guilty to having sex with a 15-year-old girl Tuesday.
Thirty-one-year-old Chad Nelson pleaded guilty to 3rd degree sexual conduct and being a felon in possession of ammunition in Stearns County Court.
As part of the agreement Nelson will serve no more than 4 1/2-years in prison.
According to the criminal complaint Nelson met the girl online and arranged for them to meet them at their house, after they ran away from home.
Court records show they gave the girl methamphetamine and alcohol before having sex with them Nelson was arrested at their home after police received a call the girl was inside.
Police also found 139 .22 caliber rounds of ammunition inside, which Nelson is prohibited to have because of a 2003 conviction of 3rd degree sexual conduct in Mille Lacs County.
All Department of Defense personnel and Family members are encouraged to attend the Days of Remembrance Observance for the Wiesbaden Community on April 25 at 11:45 a.m. in the Tony Bass Auditorium.
Police and townsfolk in Waynesboro, Virginia, are trying to figure out why someone is abducting pet cats and returning them with hairless underbellies.
Since December, at least seven cats have suddenly shown up at their homes with shaved belly, groin and leg areas, Waynesboro Police Captain Kelly Walker said on Friday.
"The shaving appears to be almost surgical," Walker said.
No harm was done to the animals, but they "seemed a little skittish" after the curious incidents, they said.
The occurrences came to the attention of police when an owner asked about posting flyers to encourage the public to report suspicious activity to authorities.
"Shaving Cats!!??" says the poster in Waynesboro, a city of 21,000 about 140 miles (225 km) southwest of Washington, D.C.
"Several neighborhood cats have been ABDUCTED and had their lower abdomens and groin areas SHAVED. This is very upsetting to the cats and their owners," the poster says.
Walker said the cats were collar-wearing, well-groomed pets, not strays or feral cats, although some were outdoor cats. All of them had been either neutered and spayed before the shaving incidents, they said.
The investigation focuses on five cats - some of whom were shaved twice - from one household and two cats from another, who came home partially hairless three weeks ago.
"Probably the best solution is for whoever is doing this to just stop," Walker said.
(Reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
The man was treated at the scene and taken to hospital in a stable condition.
The man was treated at the scene and taken to hospital in a stable condition. File
A MAN has been rushed to Bundaberg Hospital after dislocating their shoulder while aboard a boat near Burnett Heads.
A QAS spokesperson said the 42-year-old man arrived ashore at Burnett Heads with the help of Volunteer Marine Rescue Bundaberg about 7.30am today.
The man is believed to have sustained the dislocation when they fell in their boat.
They were treated at the scene and taken to hospital in a stable condition.
The U.S. is in for a rare astronomical treat on August 21, 2017 — that's the day of the "Great American Eclipse." It's the first total solar eclipse to cross the entire U.S. in 99 years, and more than 12 million Americans live in its path.
Chiefs' star fullback Damian McKenzie has been named at first-five for the Maori All Blacks in their clash against the British and Irish Lions in Rotorua on Saturday.
James Lowe has been given the nod to start at fullback with former All Black Nehe Milner-Skudder starting on the right wing. Current All Blacks rookie Rieko Ioane has been named on the left wing.
Charlie Ngatai will partner up with Matt Proctor in the midfield.
There are eight former All Blacks players in the Maori side with three current players named in the starting team.
Coach Colin Cooper says he's confident in the squad and McKenzie's abilities at first-five.
"We've named a strong group who all have good clarity on how we want to play this match against the Lions. We feel Damian will suit the game plan that we want to play, from the number 10 position."
Liam Messam joins Elliot Dixon and Akira Ioane in the loose forward trio.
Akira's brother Rieko has also been named in the starting XV on the wing.
The last time the Maori All Blacks faced the Lions they won 19-13 in 2005 in Hamilton.
“We recognise the challenge that is ahead of us on Saturday," Cooper said.
"But we're really excited as a group by the opportunity we have to represent New Zealand, Maoridom and the fans that will descend on Rotorua this weekend."
Maori All Blacks team: James Lowe, Nehe Milner-Skudder, Matt Proctor, Charlie Ngatai, Rieko Ioane, Damian McKenzie, Tawera Kerr-Barlow, Liam Messam, Elliot Dixon, Akira Ioane, Tom Franklin, Joe Wheeler, Ben May, Ash Dixon (c), Kane Hames.
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Palace communications chief Martin Andanar will take over as the editor-in-chief of the Philippine News Agency (PNA) amid a series faux pax of the state-run news agency.
Andanar's assumption of the post would happen just days after the PNA published a story on the Department of Labor of Employment (DoLE) that used the logo of Dole Philippines, one of the largest producers and sellers of fruits, mainly pineapple.
The DoLE incident came after the PNA published a story culled from Chinese government-run Xinhua news agency calling the July 2016 United Nations court ruling, which outlawed China's aggression against Filipino fishermen and reclamation projects in the South China Sea (West Philippine Sea), as ill-founded.
Aside from Andanar, the other members of the PNA Editorial Board would now include: Joel Sy Egco, former editor and chief of reporters of The Manila Times; Assistant Secretary Joseph Lawrence Garcia; current PNA chief Virginia Arcilla-Agtay; consultant Albert Gamboa; and PNA Acting Executive Editor Louie Morente.
“We will do what is necessary to improve our services. The people expect proficiency, nothing less,” Andanar said in a statement.
They earlier proposed that erring PNA personnel be sent to Basilan or Sulu.
Terrorist groups operate in the two provinces in southern Mindanao.
President Rodrigo Duterte earlier drew flak by proposing to send police officials involved in the illegal drug trade and other forms of corruption to war-torn Marawi City in Lanao del Sur, which has been under siege by the terrorist Maute Group since May 23.
This proposal drew sharp criticisms even among the ranks of Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and lawmakers allied with the President.
But on Monday, Andanar did not mention about reassigning erring PNA people to Mindanao and instead assured the public that the PNA personnel concerned for the erroneous posting of the Dole Philippines logo and the Xinhua news faux pas were summoned to explain their recent failures.
“The public expects the highest standards of professionalism from them. Due diligence and propriety are a must at all times for the news organization,” they said.
Andanar disclosed that they have directed their legal officers to determine the culpability of the PNA officials concerned.
In a separate news conference, presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella clarified that the Duterte administration holds Mindanao in high esteem.
“The President has deep and great respect for Mindanao and its people,” Abella said.
“If at all there seems to be any implication about hardship, then it's not about Mindanao or Mindanaoans, it is simply about… it is simply about certain difficulties in the region at this stage,” they added.
If President Trump is planning to eradicate the menace of white nationalism, they should begin with the White House, where Steve Bannon holds significant influence.
Looks like Steve Bannon is in trouble – and that's a good thing.
Here's what's happening:
After a torrent of criticism, President Donald Trump finally released a statement, this time, specifically condemning the only side that was, in fact, responsible for the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia: white supremacists.
“The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups,” the White House said. “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
However, mere condemnation is not going to be enough this time around.
In their first statement, in which Trump didn't specifically call out white supremacists by name, the president said their administration would attempt to “study” the problem in Charlottesville in order to fight it.
Critics say if Trump is, at long last, willing to eradicate the menace of white nationalism, they should probably start with their house – literally.
Trump's White House is infested with notorious self-proclaimed white nationalists, most prominently including Chief Strategist Bannon, the POTUS' chief adviser for policy, Stephen Miller and the deputy assistant to the US President, Sebastian Gorka.
In fact, as far as Bannon is concerned, Sothern Poverty Law Center stated last November they “was the main driver behind Breitbart becoming a white ethno-nationalist propaganda mill.”
Stephen Bannon was the main driver behind Breitbart becoming a white ethno-nationalist propaganda mill https://t.co/IyJ6ET2vaS — SPLC (@splcenter) November 13, 2016
Read More There's A Reason Trump Chose John Kelly As Their New WH Chief Of Staff
Bannon, formerly the driving force behind white nationalism mouthpiece Breitbart, is a known climate change denier and anti-Semite who was charged with domestic violence. Not too long ago, they even called for the formation of a “Christian militia” in order to wage a “holy war” with Islam.
No wonder, then, their appointment as a key POTUS adviser – rightfully – prompted widespread outrage.
Nearly six months down the lane, following the white supremacy-fueled riots in Charlottesville, calls for #FireBannon are trending on Twitter, the crux of these tweets being if Trump really intends to address the problem of white nationalism, they should start with firing Bannon:
Bannon wanted #Charlottesville. He's a supremacist in the WH and they must go. Use #FireBannon to make your voice heard. Tweet & RT. Be loud. pic.twitter.com/ka56JWDHL5 — Beau Willimon (@BeauWillimon) August 13, 2017
Trump's gotta go! But first let's get rid of their buddy who is somewhere cackling like a Timothy Dalton era James Bond villain. #FireBannon pic.twitter.com/ccGoVeEKR6 — W. Kamau Bell (@wkamaubell) August 13, 2017
Let's begin to Stop White Supremacy, Neo Nazis and KKK where they feel most welcome, the White House. #FireBannon #Charlottesville — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) August 13, 2017
White Supremacy has no place in America. Let's start with the White House. #FireBannon — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 13, 2017
Americans aren't going to "come together" with Nazis. Tell your dad to #FireBannon. https://t.co/Ug0G5yxVCf — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) August 13, 2017
And it looks liking firing Bannon is something Trump is reportedly considering because, according to CNN, “White House chief of staff John Kelly has soured on Bannon.”
“Bannon is seen as pursuing their own agenda, which does not mesh with the power structure Kelly is putting in place,” an anonymous White House source told CNN.
Moreover, Trump believes Bannon is behind the leaks about their administration, as per Axios that cited White House insiders.
“Trump has told associates he's fed up with what they see as self-promotion by Bannon, who did not join the core team this week at the president's golf club in Bedminster, N.J,” the website reported.
So, it turns out, Bannon's not having a good week – and that, as stated above, is most definitely a good thing.
Baidu Chief Executive Robin Lee watched the 100th Apolong autonomous vehicle roll off a production line in the southeastern city of Xiamen on Wednesday.
"2018 marks the first year of commercialization for autonomous driving in China," they said. "From the mass production of Apolong, we can truly see that autonomous driving is making great strides, taking the industry from zero to one," Li added.
The 14-seater Apolong, about one-third of the size of a normal bus, has no steering wheel, driver's seat, accelerator or brake.
Powered by Apollo 3.0, the latest version of Baidu's open autonomous driving platform, the minibus is co-produced by Baidu itself and Chinese manufacturer King Long.
Serving tourists and air passengers
Apolong will soon be pressed into commercial use in enclosed areas such as tourist spots and airports in several cities including Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Xiongan.
Early next year, Apolong buses are set to enter Japan's self-driving market as shuttle buses at nuclear power stations or in Tokyo to ferry around elderly people in local communities.
Baidu operates China's leading search engine, but also invests heavily in services ranging from online payment to connected devices and artificial intelligence (AI) used in autonomous cars and beyond.
"In the past, China exported cheap commodities to the world," Robin Li said. "In the future, Chine will export AI technology."
Watch video 02:04 Now live 02:04 mins. Share What is autonomous driving? Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2spgu What is autonomous driving?
hg/uhe (AFP, Xinhua)
The first aim is to keep up with the standards as per all the earlier branches and secondly, our goal is to reach as many people as possible in the shortest period of time.
Clinic Dermatech
Contact
Clinic Dermatech
129-4340506
info@clinicdermatech.com Clinic Dermatech129-4340506
End
-- Clinic Dermatech, North India's Most Awarded Clinic, is pleased to announce the launch of its operations at Faridabad with the inauguration of its new state-of-the-art clinic at the prestigious Crown Plaza Mall, Faridabad.This is the 1st clinic in Faridabad and 11th in the country by Clinic Dermatech. Aesthetic and cosmetic services in the areas of Skin, Body Sculpting, Anti-Ageing, Laser Hair Reduction and Hair restoration will be offered at the centre.The address of Clinic Dermatech at Faridabad is LG-04, Crown Plaza, Sector 15A, Faridabad (Haryana). For appointments and a FREE CONSULTATION, please call 0129-4340506/07/ 08."This centre is a perfect complement to our portfolio of skin and beauty care clinics, said Mr. Rajesh Singh, Senior Vice President, Clinic Dermatech. "We are known for being the most awarded clinic in North India and have the highest customer satisfaction rate. We provide an elevated standard of service and look forward to offering the same to our clients here. We assure our clients of excellence along with comfort and style."The laser hair reduction services at the Faridabad clinic of Clinic Dermatech include laser hair reduction of facial hair (like upper lips or chin or beard shaping for men), underarm hair removal, bikini area hair removal, back hair removal for men amongst others.Services like anti-ageing facials, skin care, hair restoration and body shaping using the latest state-of-the-art technologies are on offer at the Faridabad clinic.Clinic Dermatech is one of India's leading and most recognized skin and beauty care clinics and offers an upscale service to its clients. Continuing its efforts towards empowering men and women to lead successful lives through the ability to look and feel attractive, Clinic Dermatech is also planning to introduce Aesthetic Surgery at select centres.Clinic Dermatech has branches in 5 other cities namely, New Delhi (6 locations: Defence Colony, Greater Kailash Part II, Model Town II, Preet Vihar, Rajouri Garden, Safdarjung Enclave), Gurugram, NOIDA, Chandigarh, and Mumbai.Clinic Dermatech has many milestones to its name, a feat that has been achieved over the years owing to a definitive service approach and esteemed clientele. Clinic Dermatech has performed over 8,50,000 sessions of body shaping, 6,00,000 sessions of skin care management, and 10,00,000 sessions of laser hair reduction; numbers that testify superior services with excellent service levels.For more details, call 8905320330 (Delhi NCR) or 8430150151 (Mumbai) or visit http://www.clinicdermatech.com
Epik is the one of the most trustworthy brand of USA serving the clients and customers of the country with utter dignity and precision to provide the world class products for regular usage. The products from the industry is thoroughly tested and greatly advanced products, which are skillfully approved by the set of dignities in the field who are in terms researchers.
The company Epik is also the best rated company in terms of design and innovation towards a greener environment hence satisfying the choice of better tomorrow. We at Epik present you the Freezerwear and the Freezer Jackets these jackets are made to last for a longer time period hence they are quite long lasting and durable in nature, it also is known for its great resistance to the cold outside hence producing enormous heat inside. The company not only focus on the quality but also on the fashion quotient of the product, the products Freezer Jackets, Freezerwear and the Cold Gears are enough fashionable to keep you high on the virtues of fashion.
At Epik we strive to make the products the best in the industry we invest quality brains on the development of the products and product execution taking it to a higher level. To get the best quality products such as the Freezer Jackets, Freezerwear, or the Cold gears you can get the best quality, which is far more durable than that of any other product in the ongoing market as well as great in terms of fashion right now, just log on to www.epik.us.com to get the most updated products.
The products of Epik are great in terms of features as the company is packed with ignited minds that increase the product quality wise. Join the California based the largest manufactures of great quality products, which are never set to harm the mosther environment, and is hence eco friendly products.
At Epik we are well balanced in terms of shipping and returns we have, most of the products verified hence, it is easy for one to get the products delivered right at their doorstep and you could easily return it back to the mother company in case you face any sort of troubles on the products.
The company uses innovative ideas on the products such as the Freezer Jackets, Freezer Jackets and the Cold wear. You can get the most updated products according to the ongoing fashion delivered to your footstep today just log on to www.epik.us.com to get the best products at affordable prices. For any queries call us at 855.510.3745 we are always eager to listen to you, Mail us at helpdesk@epik.us.com , or log on to www.epik.us.com.
PR Contact –
20279 Mack St Hayward, CA 94545
Phone: +1 855-510-3745
Website – www.epik.us.com
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — A black Mercedes flipped over in a two-car crash in front of the Public Safety Building in Jacksonville Monday.
It happened around 1:30 p.m., and crews finished clearing up debris shortly before 2:45 p.m.
Traffic was backed up for more than 30 minutes along Marine Boulevard with police directing.
Traffic has improved, but there is still a slight slow-down.
WNCT's Elizabeth Tew is gathering more information. Stay with 9 On Your Side for more details as they become available.
May 2 Argentina will begin publishing a countrywide consumer price index in July, government statistics agency Indec said on Tuesday, the latest step in its efforts to restore trust after allegations of data manipulation under the prior administration.
The inflation index will cover all 23 Argentine provinces and the autonomous city of Buenos Aires, and will break out inflation levels in six regions, Indec said in a statement. The first report will be published on July 11, and the agency will give details on its methodology on May 18.
After taking office in December 2015, center-right President Mauricio Macri ordered an overhaul of Indec, which was widely accused of publishing unrealistically low inflation data under their predecessor, populist President Cristina Fernandez.
That was seen as key to Macri's efforts to tame rampant inflation, attract investment and restore growth. Indec director Jorge Todesca, who was threatened with fines by the prior government for publishing their own inflation data, fired 30 of 40 section directors in their first two months as part of the revamp.
In June, the agency began publishing inflation data for the greater Buenos Aires area, which the central bank has used as a benchmark for its monetary policy. The central bank is targeting inflation between 12 and 17 percent this year, though private economists see it exceeding 20 percent.
The International Monetary Fund recognized Argentina's efforts to restore credibility to its official statistics when it lifted its censure of Indec last November. The censure had put Argentina at risk of official sanctions that could have barred it from accessing financing.
(Reporting by Luc Cohen; Editing by Leslie Adler)
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. - Ray Lewis is on their way to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, while fellow former Miami Hurricanes star Edgerrin James will have to wait another year.
Lewis joins this year's Hall of Fame class, announced Saturday night on the eve of the Super Bowl. Before heading to the NFL, Lewis was a three-year starter at linebacker for the Hurricanes from 1993-95. The two-time All-American led the Big East Conference in tackles as a sophomore in 1994 and a junior in 1995.
They were also the 1995 runner-up for the Butkus Award, given to the nation's top linebacker in college football.
Lewis became the 26th overall pick of the Baltimore Ravens in the 1996 NFL draft. The 13-time Pro Bowl player spent their entire 17-year career in Baltimore, leading the Ravens to a pair of Super Bowl victories and being named the MVP of the 2001 Super Bowl.
They were selected in their first year of eligibility for the Hall of Fame. They join Terrell Owens, Randy Moss, Brian Dawkins, Brian Urlacher, Bobby Beathard, Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
James, who was a finalist for the class of 2018, ranks third on Miami's all-time rushing list with 2,960 yards and 32 touchdowns. The fourth overall pick of the Indianapolis Colts in the 1999 draft, James was named NFL offensive rookie of the year and was the league's rushing leader in each of their first two seasons.
The four-time Pro Bowl running back spent 11 seasons in the NFL with the Colts, Arizona Cardinals and Seattle Seahawks. James will be eligible again in 2019.
Lewis and James are both members of Miami's Sports Hall of Fame.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
DOHUK, Northern Iraq (CNN) -- Could they help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again?
Some people here are so convinced they will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways.
One, Nadyar Zawiti, has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically, naming their fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect.
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that they were a big fan of Kurdish forces, and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS.
He's hoping the incoming president will make good on their promise -- so much so that they named their new restaurant Trump Fish.
"What I admire about Trump's personality," Zawite says, "is that he's decisive, he's tough, and hopefully with that toughness he'll finish ISIS off."
The restaurant's logo -- featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump's hair and eyebrows should be -- was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team.
The restaurant sells "maskouf," Iraq's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire.
Nadyar shrugs off Trump's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric.
They even hope to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House -- if Trump will invite them in, that is.
He's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region.
Hassan Jamil, a Peshmerga fighter on leave, even named their newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil.
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old, Jamil explained: "I called them Trump because they are charismatic and has clear policies and that's why they won the election."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians has always been one to defend their quarterbacks. They did it again Monday when discussing the play of Blaine Gabbert against the Tennessee Titans.
Gabbert missed many throws, including a wide-open Larry Fitzgerald in the end zone. The Cardinals won the game 12-7, but did not score a touchdown.
Arians was asked about Gabbert's inaccuracy in their Monday press conference.
“Most of the time, if you get hit that many times, you're not going to be real accurate because you're going to hurry to get the ball out of your hand, and you're going to see some things, which is just natural with the position,” they explained. “You start seeing things that aren't there. Once your eyes get off where they belong, it's hard to refocus and be accurate. When you start getting hit, your eyes naturally come down, look around a little bit, and come back up. You have to train yourself to keep your eyes where they belong, so you maintain your accuracy.”
Gabbert was sacked eight times and on a few plays when they did have a clean pocket, they did appear to feel pressure that wasn't there.
Arians is completely correct with the concept. However, when a player like Gabbert misses easy throws to wide open players when there is no pressure, that isn't acceptable.
Gabbert did play better in the second half, completing 10-of-12 passes after completing only half of their 14 throws in the first half. But the damage was done and they didn't look quite right the entire game.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
He, however, did not turn the ball over, something Arians was happy about.
“We had some balls that were incomplete, which are better than (being) intercepted,” they said. “An interception or any kind of turnover in that game would have cost us.”
In a 12-7 game, taking care of the ball was critical.
In Arians' eyes, Gabbert was not the problem, they also pointed out Sunday after the game.
“We missed on some chunks because of sacks.”
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Barry Fowler
Contact
CelebritySites
***@celebritysites.com CelebritySites
End
--– Barry G. Fowler, CEO of Taxation Solutions, posted a new blog on the company website entitled "When Flagged For An IRS Audit, Choose the Fast Track If You Can," in which Mr. Fowler talks about the benefits of expediting an IRS audit."If you've never been audited," says Fowler, "you may not know that when the IRS audits you, it could take up to a year or more to complete the audit." They continue adding, "If you have been audited you know that audits are time consuming and fraught with endless worries."According to Fowler, "Once an audit is completed you have the dubious task of deciding whether or not you agree and whether you're going to appeal." They add, "You can start tallying the expenses right away. This part of the process is even more costly and worrisome."Fowler elaborates, "Originally created for complex audits with the IRS Large Business and International Unit, since the mid-2000s Fast Track has been available to smaller taxpayers." They state, "The great thing about the Fast Track Settlement program is that it can resolve audit disagreements in as little as 60 days as opposed to the typical time frame that could be years."The entire blog can be read at http://www.taxationsolutions.net/ when-flagged- for-an-irs-... Barry G. Fowler founded Taxation Solutions out of a genuine concern for the IRS issues their clients face, many of whom are self-employed, contract employees, or entrepreneurs. For their contributions to their profession and expertise in tax resolution and financial planning, Fowler has been featured as one of America's Trendsetters on CBS and Yahoo, and as a Premier Expert in Inc. Magazine. They have been instrumental in helping hundreds of people resolve complex tax issues with the IRS.Fowler is licensed to represent taxpayers before the Internal Revenue Service, and is a longstanding member of several tax industry professional organizations:NAEA, NATP, TSEA, ASTPS.
As technology continues to evolve new methods and ways of doing things come into fruition. This is why many of the old incandescent lights that used to be popular are now simply long gone. In place of them have arrived LED lights that offer a world of advantages while also remaining quite cost effective.
Nowadays LED has become increasingly common and new ways of utilizing it have come into the limelight. One new way of using LED lights is in the form or flexible strips. These flexible LED strips can be used for a wide array of situations due to their versatility.
Produced by Elstar, a well known and renowned manufacturer of LED lights and similar products, these stripes are designed to be the perfect lights for architectural designs such as canopies, corridors, archways and more. Coming with a 2 to 3 year warranties, these flexible LED lights are a perfect addition to any art gallery or museum. Elstar's website has a collection of these lights available and customers can view through the many different options available and pick the one that works best for them.
Specifications for these lights are as follows:
3528 SMD LED
240LEDs per Meter Single Row
12V/24V Optional
Elstar LED has been quite a reputable name among LED manufacturers. Their dedication to their customers, as well the overall quality of their products has been the main reason that people have trusted them in the past, and continue to do so even now. With over 9 years of experience, they guarantee a service to their customers that is unmatched. The steps they have taken to provide eco-friendly and long-lasting products is also a definite plus. Their fast delivery and affordable rates really go far to appease their customers and make them loyal supporters of their brand.
About Elstar:
Elstar Ltd is a High-Technology enterprise, which was established in 2009 and specialized in flexible LED strip Lighting. With 9 years' experience R&D team, QA management, high-speed SMT and production line, stable supply chain, and professional test machine, our sales team provide our service and high quality products to the users' market. Our business network is extending to Europe, America, Russia and all around the world. At Elstar, we are committed to increasing use of LEDs in general lighting applications, thus helping customers to realize lower costs, while at the same time creating a safe environmental solution. For more information: http://www.elstar-led.com
CONTACT:
Company: Elstar Ltd
Address: Niulanqian Bldg, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen, China
Email: sales@elstar-led.com
Website: http://www.elstar-led.com
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Hamburg will make history on Thursday as it imposes the first inner-city ban on trucks and older diesel cars, to improve air quality in Germany's second city.
About 100 signs have been erected on two streets – one banning cars and trucks, and the other older diesel trucks.
The move is the first practical response to a German court ruling in February that cities in breach of EU air quality limits must take more radical steps.
It is also the most drastic aftershock from the 2015 admission by Volkswagen in the US that it had used software to rig diesel engine emissions to appear cleaner than they were.
The car company is still fighting legal action in Europe and has since been joined by other leading German companies accused of defrauding their customers.
The Hamburg ban – likely to be followed by other German cities later this year – will exclude all cars with engines below the 2014 Euro 6 emissions standard from two streets. The ban does not apply to residents of the streets but commuters are braced for heavy traffic on Thursday. Just one third of Hamburg cars meet the newer, cleaner emission standards, according to official data.
Attacked the bans
Car companies and members of chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) have attacked the bans as draconian, saying traffic will simply find new routes.
Meanwhile environmental groups, demanding the Merkel administration force car companies to carry out engine fixes at their expense, say the Hamburg ban does not go far enough.
Car experts have dismissed the ban as window-dressing from politicians afraid to take on the powerful car lobby.
“Individual vehicle bans are nonsense because they improve the air quality in streets affected while increasing them elsewhere,” said Mr Michael Schrekcenberg, a transport expert at University Duisburg-Essen.
Like other German cities, Hamburg has investigated other measures to improve air quality – in particular a new, cleaner public transport fleet – but said they saw no way around the ban.
“As environment authorities we are responsible for air quality and it's our responsibility to make sure our citizens don't get ill from pollution,” said Mr Björn Marzahn, spokesperson for Hamburg's state environment ministry.
Cap nitrogen dioxide
Hamburg is one of about 70 German cities that fall short of EU air quality limits which cap nitrogen dioxide at 40 micro grams per cubic metre. The looming ban has divided Hamburg residents, with not everyone welcoming the prospect of cleaner air.
“We'll see how important clean air is to residents when the supermarkets can't get their deliveries in time,” said Björn Binninger, a resident of the Altona district where one diesel ban applies.
Meanwhile German courier companies have joined forces in Berlin to launch a pilot project to improve air quality – and ease traffic jams. DHL, DPD, Hermes and other operators will now deliver parcels to a central depot in eastern Berlin by truck, from where they will be distributed to customers in a 2km radius by cargo bike.
"Trial 2020" and "HaHa Davis" have reached agreement on terms for them to Star in the upcoming episode, "The Head Coach." Episode to be filmed in Chandler, Arizona. Red-Carpet Release planned for Christmas/New Years.
The Head Coach Script
Contact
Frank Fitzgerald
***@thetrial2020.com Frank Fitzgerald
End
-- "Trial 2020" is a drama episodic which launched in 2013 in Chandler, Arizona. It is about America's challenges defining right and wrong."HaHa Davis" is an increasingly popular performer that picks fun at everyday life events."The Head Coach" will take on 'kneeling' and other hot topics. The production aims to leverage its home base of Chandler for most of the shoot, and is seeking the best production team and cast it can attract.Abraham Doe shares, "There are four Phoenix production companies currently in the running to produce this critical episode. A combination of capability, price, and willingness to defer invoice closure to post-release are the drivers in making a selection. Other interested companies should immediately contact the show at 2020@thetrial2020.com. In terms of locations, two Chandler wcj restaurant/bars are in the running for filming of a key scene. One of those iswhere the owner is Kim Rubens. In terms of outdoor scenes, application is submitted with a couple of Chandler football stadiums as options. We will secure studio use for remaining scenes. Casting will come last and we hope someone steps forward with casting experience to help us with that."Doe, the creator of the show, is confident a percentage of the star's "loyal" followers will purchase the episode. In addition, they hope the Chandler community will support the effort by purchasing the episode. They hope Chandler and Gilbert church families, friends and others will pre-purchase the episode in time for Christmas. A kickstarter will be launched October 6th, where everyone will be able to pre-purchase the episode. It will be announced on the Trial 2020 Facebook, Instagram, Twitter pages and websites, www.headcoachtheepisode.com and www.discussamericanow.com.To date four episodes have been completed, "In God We Trust," "The Pugilist," "Common Law Hook-Up," and "Women's Rights." They were filmed largely in Chandler, and have aired numerous times on AZTV-7, Phoenix. Presently three of the episodes are available on Amazon.
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car heads out for a test drive in San Francisco. Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Eric Risberg,File AP Photo
Steve Harvey put their foot in their mouth once again, but this time they may have gone a little too far.
According to various listeners of The Steve Harvey Morning Show, the host, who is a Cleveland Cavaliers fan, joked with a listener from Flint that they didn't have clean water after the caller said they didn't think LeBron James deserved to win the NBA championship. One listener claims that Steve said, “You from Flint. That's why y'all ain't got no clean water. When's the last time you touched water that didn't have lead in it?”
They allegedly even told the caller, “Go have yourself a nice glass of brown water.” After their co-host reportedly told them to apologize, Steve refused, saying he's not apologizing for nothing. The harsh joke comes just after Harvey sparked outrage on social media for the savage memo they wrote to their talk show staff, basically telling them not to talk to him.
Steve Harvey is mad disrespectful. Gonna make fun of a guy from Flint, MI saying "you ain't even got no water." — ✂️Siddy⚡️ (@sidnycccc) June 13, 2017
Hey @IAmSteveHarvey remember me? Yea, the little Flint girl…please dont make water crisis jokes #FlintWaterCrisishttps://t.co/Jh9JcehaCg — Little Miss Flint (@LittleMissFlint) June 13, 2017
Steve Harvey is on the radio clowning this guy for living in Flint and not having clean water, it's mad confusing. — G$ (@MasterGregory_) June 13, 2017
It's also not a good look for Steve to make fun of undeserved communities after they supposedly took the opportunity to meet Donald Trump in order to help solve similar issues plaguing Black Americans. Do you think Steve Harvey just made a tacky joke, like Bill Maher — or do they deserve the social media wrath headed theirs way?
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Families evacuated overnight as wildfires burned across Canterbury's Port Hills have spoken of their frustration and fear.
Governors Bay farmer, Vaughan Jones was watching the fire burn through their partner's family farm this morning.
"It's just been burning since the middle of the night, since we got evacuated and we've just been watching it go slowly," they said.
It has been tough to witness, they said.
A sleepless Jones was frustrated that the choppers were not dumping water on the fire at first light.
They said the Fire Service told them they thought helicopters would be there at 6am.
"We saw what they can do yesterday and they could get it under control quickly."
Instead of joining the more than 100 people who were evacuated overnight at a local school, Jones parked down the road and watched the fire.
All streets in Governors Bay were evacuated. People were initially taken to the local fire station but temporary accommodation has now been set up at Governors Bay School, which has been closed for the day because of the fire threat.
Local Wayne Parkhill noticed the fire becoming "very serious" about 11pm.
Continued below.
Related Content Christchurch Port Hills fires: What you need to know Crash that killed helicopter pilot fighting Christchurch fire under investigation Video Watch: Families evacuated as wildfires continue to burn across Canterbury's Port Hills
As the wind shifted or hit dry gorse it spread "quite fast", they said.
This morning as they watched the flames up the hill above their house, they had their bags packed and was ready to leave if necessary.
"We've accepted the fact that if it's going to go, it's going to go," Parkhill said.
Selwyn District Council spokesperson Stephen Hill said 107 people living at the bay were forced to evacuate overnight and were now being cared for by civil defence volunteers.
Locals, families of firefighters, and the nearby cafe donated food and drinks for the stricken families.
Frances Willems, supervisor of the community-led response by Civil Defence-trained volunteers, said most of the evacuees left the centre about 9am.
Willems said the mood was calm in the centre overnight, with people happy to chat through events.
"It's been an amazing response from the community," they said.
Residents evacuated from the Teddington/Ohinetahi/Allandale areas were allowed to return home at midday.
Governors Bay Volunteer Fire Brigade said they are happy to allow those people return home but they warned that helicopters are still operating in the area and fire crews may still be active on the roads so people need to be courteous and give way to trucks.
One fire front is just a few hundred metres uphill behind the local fire station.
Choppers are refilling 450-litre monsoon buckets from the saltwater harbour and dumping them on hot spots.
Flames are still flaring up when striking trees, especially macrocarpa and gorse bush.
More than 120 firefighters and support crew are back out today battling the two raging fires, which are spread over 580ha.
A dozen helicopters will be in the air today, and planes are also being used to help the firefighting effort.
- NZ Herald
Bump stocks are used to make a rifle into a deadly, military type firearm. Even the NRA bans them on their firing ranges, so why are bump stocks widely used?
The devastating fire power that took 59 lives and injured hundreds more in Las Vegas, Nevada, was partly due to a device known as a “bump stock” — a modification for semi-automatic rifles that makes a legal weapon shoot with military grade force.
Now, those modifications are flying off the shelves. Consumers are fearful that manufacturers and gun stores will acquiesce to pressure following Vegas' mass shooting and stop production. Turns out, those fears are valid.
Slide Fire, the most well-known bump stock accessory, has ceased production of the tool since the tragedy occurred in Las Vegas. The company reportedly sold $10 million worth of these fire power kits when they first came on the market in 2010, and since then, they've only grown more popular.
Bump stocks not only increase the speed at which bullets are fired, they cause the entire weapon to move back and forth in the shooter's grip, decreasing accuracy and safety.
“It's a gimmick, and there's no practical use for it,” Nick Leghorn, senior editor at The Truth About Guns, a firearms blog, said. “It's what we consider a range toy.”
Well, Stephen Paddock had a use for the tool in Las Vegas, and now lawmakers are questioning whether citizens should have access to that type of device.
Even the National Rifle Association (NRA) understands the unnecessary killing power that a bump stock brings. The association bans the use of the modification tool at its headquarters' own firing range, reported Politico.
The NRA is now attempting to distance itself from this tool as much as possible.
“Devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations,” the organization said in a statement.
While this stance will, no doubt, strongly support a bill to regulate bump stocks, the lobbyist organization still strongly opposes wider gun control.
“Unfortunately, the first response from some politicians has been to call for more gun control. Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks,” the NRA statement read.
Still, a move against bump stocks may help stop any copycats wishing to replicate Paddock's mass destruction, but it's not enough.
Manufacturers of guns and their accessories are dangerously marketing their products to gun enthusiasts who are itching to add a little spice to their time at the shooting range, even leveraging patriotism as a selling point.
“Some gun owners like tricking out their rifles, sort of like a hot rod car, comparing speed and power. They love the thrill of shooting fast,” Public Radio reporter Brian Mann said. “Slide Fire, which makes one of the most popular bump stock kits equate their products with an act of patriotism, a way of supporting the Second Amendment.”
“As long as patriots like you kindle its flame, freedom has but one enemy…,” one ad for Slide Fire reads.
If this country is to make any progress in the fight against gun violence, it needs to separate patriotism from weapons of mass destruction. Otherwise the United States — a country filled to the brim with proud patriots ready at any moment to prove their nationalist devotion — will continue down this deadly path.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: REUTERS/David W Cerny
By Beth J. Harpaz
associated press
NEW YORK –The holiday of Diwali is starting to light up mainstream America.
Diwali, a festival of lights celebrated by Hindus, Sikhs, Jains and others in India and other countries, has long been observed in immigrant communities around the U.S.
But now public celebrations of the holiday are starting to pop up in places ranging from Disneyland and Times Square to parks and museums.
The Times Square event is the brainchild of Neeta Bhasin, who says that while many Indian immigrants have found great success in the U.S., “still people don't know much about India. I felt it's about time that we should take India to mainstream America and showcase India's rich culture, heritage, arts and diversity to the world. And I couldn't find a better place than the center of the universe: Times Square.''
Bhasin, who came to the United States from India 40 years ago, is president of ASB Communications, the marketing firm behind Diwali at Times Square. The event, now in its fourth year, has drawn tens of thousands of people in the past. It's scheduled for Oct. 7, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m., with dance performances, Bollywood singers, a bazaar of food, saris and other goods, and a lighting ceremony, http://diwalitimessquare.com/.
While Diwali celebrations are held throughout the fall, the holiday's actual date is Oct. 19. Also called Deepavali, it's an autumn harvest festival held just before the Hindu new year. Celebrations include lighting oil lamps or candles called diyas to symbolize “a victory of knowledge over ignorance, light over darkness, good over evil,'' said Bhasin.
The Diwali celebration at Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California, includes performances of traditional Indian dances and a Bollywood dance party for guests. It's part of a festival of holidays at the theme park reflecting cultural traditions from around the world. The Disney festival begins Nov. 10 and runs through Jan. 7, (https://disneyland.disney.go.com/events-tours/disney-california-adventure/festival-of-holidays/).
San Antonio, Texas, has one of the nation's largest city-sponsored celebrations of Diwali, drawing more than 15,000 people each year. The 2017 event, scheduled for Nov. 4 at La Villita, a historic arts village, will be its ninth annual Diwali celebration with Indian dance, entertainment, food, crafts, fireworks and the release of lighted candles into the San Antonio River along the city's River Walk, http://www.diwalisa.com/.
New York City's Rubin Museum will mark Diwali with an overnight Ragas Live Festival featuring more than 50 Indian classical musicians performing amid the museum's collection of sacred Himalayan art. The event begins Oct. 21 at 10 a.m. and continues all day and night through Oct. 22 at 10 a.m. (http://rubinmuseum.org/events/event/ragas-live-festival-10-21-2017.) Chai and mango lassis will be served, visitors will have access to all the galleries and pop-up events like meditation and sunrise prayer will be offered. Special tickets will be sold for the opportunity to sleep beneath the artwork.
Other places hosting Diwali celebrations include Cary, North Carolina, in Regency Park, Oct. 14, (http://humsub.net/our-event/cary-diwali/) Flushing Town Hall, Queens, New York, Oct. 29 (http://www.flushingtownhall.org/event/f8275c4cbb4d9fd6658cf29b6e1dae09) the Seattle Center, Oct. 21 (http://seattlecenter.com/festal/detail.aspx?id=99) the Dulles Expo center in Chantilly, Virginia, Oct. 7-8 (http://www.hifestival.com/). In Columbus, Ohio, the Ohio History Center is hosting a photo exhibit about the city's fast-growing population of immigrants from Nepal, Bhutan and India, with a Diwali event Oct. 8 (https://www.ohiohistory.org/participate/event-calendar/ohio-history-center/bhutanese-nepali.)
Bhasin said Diwali's message is particularly timely now. “It is extremely important to be together and showcase to the world, not only Indians, but the entire immigrant community, to be together with Americans and to show the world we are one, we are all the same human beings,'' they said.
Former US president Barack Obama will reportedly make their way to New Zealand in a trip scheduled for March.
Source: 1 NEWS
Obama may be visiting on March 21 according to the Herald on Sunday.
Although the details of their possible visit haven't been revealed, it is understood it will be arranged by Air New Zealand to align with the launch of a new route to the United States.
The route may be to Chicago, which is Obama's home town.
It was announced last year that former Prime Minister, Sir John Key was spreading their wings and joined the board of Air New Zealand, which may of been a deciding factor for Obama to come to New Zealand and potentially promote airline due to their friendship, the Herald reports.
In a statement in May, Chairman Tony Carter said the board had been actively searching for a director with strong international business experience and a deep knowledge of tourism for around a year.
"When John Key announced they were stepping down as Prime Minister and moving to a new phase of life outside of politics, it became a priority for the board to try to secure their services as a Director," Mr Carter said.
March 30 Search Party Group Ltd
* Updates on regarding progress on its strategic and product review as previously advised
* Total costs associated with changes (primarily redundancy costs) since beginning of 2017 are not expected to exceed $900k
* Targeting completion of strategic review process in approximately 6 to 8 weeks
* Company has decided to further minimise operating expenses, preserving funding for any required development costs
* Cost reduction includes reducing headcount in development team to meet company's short-term needs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which operates Hainan Airlines and other businesses around the world, says its co-chairperson has died while on a business trip in France.
HNA Group said Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered "severe injuries" in a fall and died Tuesday at age 57. It gave no other details.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA grew to become China's fourth-largest airline and expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The actor dropped out of the Royal Variety Performance at the time.
A tearful Sheridan Smith has said they considered giving up performing after the death of their father.
The actor was devastated by the loss of Colin Smith in 2016 and pulled out of an appearance at the Royal Variety Performance shortly afterwards.
I parents – Colin and Marilyn – formed the Country and Western duo, The Daltons, and Smith and their brother Damian, who is part of the band The Torn, often performed with them on stage.
During a show at the Royal Albert Hall, which follows the release of self-titled album Sheridan, they told the audience: “I did the album for my dad. There was a time, as everyone goes through, I kind of just lost it and I was totally going to give it all up.
Still can't believe I'm playing my dream venue the Royal Albert Hall on the 24/4/18 🙈❤️😬 #tour pic.twitter.com/dHKjV7Pq9t — Sheridan Smith (@Sheridansmith1) November 21, 2017
“And the reason I didn't is you guys. I've met so many of you guys and you're the reason I get up. You're so supportive.”
Introducing a rendition of This Is Me from the film The Greatest Showman, they said: “This next song I would like to dedicate to my daddy. If my dad was here they would be saying shake every single one of your hands, they were so proud.”
Smith opened their show with a rendition of Crazy by Gnarls Barkley and concluded it with an encore of I Will Survive by Gloria Gaynor.
Throughout the performance they also treated fans to renditions of 9 to 5 by Dolly Parton and Shirley Bassey's Big Spender.
© Press Association 2018
PERTH (miningweekly.com) - The Thackaringa cobalt project, in South Australia, is expected to require a capital investment of A$550-million to develop a 5.25-million-tonne-a-year plant.
ASX-listed Cobalt Blue on Wednesday revealed that the project would produce some 3 657 t/y metal in sulphate, and life-of-mine totals of 32 453 t, over a nine year mine life.
Advertisement
The mine life was based on a mineral reserve of 46.3-million tonnes, grading 819 parts per million (ppm) cobalt.
A prefeasibility study (PFS) estimated a pre-tax net present value of A$792-million and an internal rate of return of 27%, based on a production target of 40 331 t of metal in sulphate over a mine life of 12.8 years.
Advertisement
The production target was modelled on a reserve of 58.7-million tonnes, grading at 802 ppm, and included the probable ore reserve and a partial component of the inferred resource.
“The PFS demonstrates the potential for Cobalt Blue to become a leading global supplier of cobalt sulphate to the lithium-ion battery industry. The project will now move into a bankable feasibility study,” said Cobalt Blue chairperson Rob Biancardi.
Cobalt Blue is currently earning an interest into the Thakaringa project, which is held by Broken Hill Prospecting. The company could take full ownership of Thakaringa through a four-staged farm-in.
With the completion of the PFS, Cobalt Blue has fulfilled the requirement of Stage 2 of the earn-in agreement.
Biancardi said that the company will now focus on further resource work to target a 20-year mine life, while a number of optimisation opportunities will also be pursued for the bankable feasibility study, including optimisations to the process plant, metal recoveries and power pricing.
Cobalt Blue will also undertake product marketing assessment, in order to negotiate offtake agreements, and will complete environmental permit studies.
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby's Rolls-Royce is considering moving the design approval process for its large jet engines from the UK to Germany to avoid disruption caused by Brexit.
The engineering giant, which has its civil aerospace business in Sinfin, said that “technical measure” was among possible contingency plans it was contemplating but added that no final decision had been made.
At present, aero engines made by the firm are signed off by the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
UK aerospace firms like Rolls-Royce want to remain part of the agency to ensure they can still benefit from cooperation on safety and avoid increased costs.
Shifting the approval process to Rolls-Royce's business jet facility at Dahlewitz, Germany, could be a solution for the company.
The move would not affect jobs but would allow Rolls-Royce to continue to get endorsement for its engines from the EASA.
It is also understood that the switch would not involve physically moving engines from Derby to Germany for approval as the process is a “paperwork exercise”.
Aircraft safety and the design approvals process are among issues yet to be resolved in Britain's divorce process from the EU.
Prime Minister Theresa May last month acknowledged the concerns of UK aerospace companies about remaining within EASA, saying the Government would be prepared to make a financial contribution to the agency.
In a statement, Rolls-Royce said: “Across all of our operations, Rolls-Royce is working to ensure there is no interruption in our service to customers as a result of Brexit. We are in regular dialogue with the Government about this.
“As you would expect, we have to consider what contingency measures we may need to take to ensure our operations in the UK and elsewhere can continue, and these may in the future include the transfer of the design approval for our large jet engines from the UK to Germany.
“This would be a technical measure as we already seek approval for our business jet engines from Germany, and we do not anticipate such a move would lead to the transfer of any jobs from the UK.
“No final decision has been taken on whether to activate this precautionary measure.”
In terms of Rolls-Royce's overall future in the UK, the firm has already committed itself to Derby.
The company is currently investing millions in both its civil aerospace and its nuclear business in Raynesway.
Rolls-Royce recently started work on a new £90 million engine test bed at Sinfin - part of a £150 million investment in its UK civil aerospace operations.
The investment guarantees thousands of Derby jobs for decades to come.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The process of designing retail solutions for online and offline businesses can be quite challenging.
logo3
Media Contact
Synchronized Supply Systems Ltd
***@synchronized.in Synchronized Supply Systems Ltd
End
-- Synchronized Supply Systems Limited is a leading third party logistics providing company in India. We understand that designing supply chain solutions for multi channel retail can be quite challenging. Therefore, we put our best experts on the job who have got a lot of experience in designing the best solutions in a short span of time.As a leading 3PL company in India, we have helped scores of varied retail customers to accomplish all their business targets in a successful manner. No matter whether these targets are offline or online or what type of retail platform you have, we have a perfect solution for you. As we have garnered complete know-how of the industry, we can promise that we can not only handle successful completion of Greenfield set-ups, we can also take your multi channel retail business to another level by taking the responsibility of managing your supply chain operations in a flawless manner.We are aware of the fact that multi channel retail is changing at a swift pace and this knowledge helps us to empower our customers with our capability to set-up a fully functional fulfillment center in just 30 to 45 days' time. Apart from this, we as a well-known 3PL company in India can also analyze your existing system and decide whether there is a need to scale it up or not.Some of the multi- channel retail solutions offered by us are mentioned below. But before you have a look at them, please note that you have the power of selecting any of these services and we'll be happy to provide you with a customized offering.As a part of this service, we will let you know how to handle site selection according to your business needs, create a unique & functional warehouse layout design and make you understand that how you can do a thorough capacity analysis & future scope as it will let you know how many products can be stored in a warehouse, at present as well as in the future. We will also help you to conduct an accurate capacity investment analysis as it will let you know how much money, equipment and other stuff you need to make the warehouse functional. As we are a reputed 3PL company in India, we will also guide you on the key details on the proper management of inbound & outbound logistics.In this service, we will guide you regarding the best route planning strategies so that you can make use of the shortest and most viable routes at all times. We will also offer cross dock & milk run services and make you understand the art of time definite deliveries, which incidentally can be considered as a key factor that ensures better customer satisfaction. We can also lend a hand with real time track and trace so that you can your customers can track or trace every product in a perfect manner. You can also expect assistance with LMD for B2B or B2C.As a renowned third party logistics providing company in India, Synchronized Supply Systems Limited has some standard operating procedures that ensure our success. We can also help your business to develop SOPs in such a manner that they remain in line with customer's service level agreements. We can also help you to establish performance management & monitoring and analysis/MIS reporting processes.We can also assist you to evaluate & recruit the right manpower and ensure that they perform optimally by devising learning & development plans as it will ensure their continuous improvement.With a little help from us, you can learn how to manage different types of transportation channels like surface transport, air/sea freight, etc. We also let you know of custom clearance procedures and PO management. Enabling track & trace solutions for all transportation solutions is also one of our specialties.In case you want to provide some excellent value added services to your clients like a reputed 3PL company in India then we'll enlighten you on services like paperless pick & pack, tagging & labeling, kitting & dispatch, cycle count, reverse logistics, and quality checks among others.
This is a time when you really need your friends. After the nerve agent attack in Salisbury, the UK needs to stand up to Russian President Vladimir Putin's aggression and it's looking to its allies in Europe for support. How convenient for Foreign Minister Boris Johnson that they can still travel to Brussels without further ado and meet with their EU colleagues at their routine monthly meeting. And how reassuring that after some initial misgivings, they seemed to come together.
The same holds true for Prime Minister Theresa May, who will arrive at this week's summit where Donald Trump's trade war as well as Russia will be high on the agenda. They will be amongst partners because the UK remains an EU member for another year. But all that is going to change with Brexit, even if some kind of security cooperation will be agreed upon. The question is how the Brexiteers' favorite mantra measures up to the current situation: "Take back control" over Novichok? Only chief illusionist Boris keeps insinuating that things will carry on as before. Alone at night, however, some people must have some uncomfortable thoughts.
We have a transition deal
White smoke emerged from the EU commission's press room on Monday and we saw UK Brexit Secretary David Davis in a buoyant mood. The "implementation period" was finally agreed, and Britain was getting ready "to begin life outside of the EU." Why they and their government keep calling these 21 months extra time an "implementation" and not "transition" period is anybody's guess. It is clear that there will be nothing to implement after Brexit day on March 29, 2019, because formal talks about the future relationship between the UK and EU will only begin at that date.
Davis and their EU counterpart, Michel Barnier, have a bit more to agree on these days
But that is mere semantics. What we have seen in these negotiations seems to be a rather amusing pattern. First the British side throws up a lot of demands and draws red lines. Then negotiations seem to stall for months. This is followed by a flurry of hectic activity just before the deadline. And at the last moment, British negotiators will back down on all points, only to finally emerge lauding the great success of having achieved the very things the EU had offered in the first place. It is a triumph of political salespersonship.
Read more: Brexit cost study — 'failing to prepare is preparing to fail'
The result is exactly as foreseen. The UK will after Brexit get extra time until December 31, 2020, up to which point their EU status stays largely unchanged. They will of course no longer participate in decision making but all other aspects continue as before. EU citizens coming to the UK will have the same rights, the borders will stay open, goods will flow, rules and fishing quotas will largely continue as they are. The Scottish government is already howling about "treason" because London had promised to take back control of British fishing.
But most importantly for UK envoy Davis: Britain may begin to negotiate and sign trade deals with third countries, even if these can only be implemented after 2020. The EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, however, has sounded a warning note. There are 750 EU agreements with third countries which Britain has to replicate. It is a considerable amount of work. The French diplomat loves an understatement. And they also have cautioned that nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.
The reason is that the transition period hinges on the divorce agreement that must be finalized in autumn. And that signature is dependent on a solution for the Irish border question. And everybody knows this can logically not be solved within the UK's red lines. But who knows what will happen, we have seen so many red lines come and go.
Goodbye, Unilever
The company has had its headquarters in Britain for around 90 years. Lord Lever, one of its founding fathers in the 19th century, built a model village for their workers with the delightful name "Port Sunlight," named after the firms bestselling soap. But now Unilever is leaving for Rotterdam.
It seems the UK's much-loved Marmite spread has found a new home
It is the biggest corporation to leave since the UK's decision to exit the EU. Unilever produces consumer goods from soaps to soups and they are also the home of Marmite, a yeasty spread as traditionally British as warm ale.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman did their best to soften the blow. Part of production will stay in Britain. A majority of the business was legally located in Rotterdam already, because, among other things, tax structures in the Netherlands were more favorable. Of course it nothing to do with Brexit...
A joke falls flat
They must have had so much fun making this up. The Council of Normandy, a northern region in France with quite a number of British inhabitants, thought an advertising campaign might help them to profit from Brexit. They created a mock-up of venerable newspaper "The Times" and suggested business owners from across the channel might "want to vote with their feet and leave post-Brexit fears behind."
A certain Brexit-related joke out of France fell flat in the UK
Describing themselves as business friendly and Normandy a great place to live, local politicians tried to lure companies to move to their region. And to sex things up they drew a heart around their ad saying "Hot entrepreneur wanted," promising beautiful coastal walks and sun-drenched lunches with flowing wine. This is despite the fact that it rains in Normandy at least as much as in southern England and boozy lunches have long since gone out of fashion in France, as everywhere else.
Apart from that, the campaign seems like a harmless piece of Brexit fun, mildly amusing with a whiff of college humor. The reception in the UK, however, was a decidedly sniffy "How dare they?" Nevertheless Normandy paid up and their jolly adverts are appearing in the British press. But Transport for London, the organization operating tubes and buses in the UK capital, is not condoning it. They say the ads breach rules on "images or messages which relate to matters of public controversy or sensitivity." It seems Brexit may be hurting some peoples' sense of humor.
WASHINGTON: International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said Thursday a worldwide economic recovery is taking hold, opening a window for countries to enact reforms aimed at attaining broader, lasting prosperity.
Advertisements
“The long-awaited global recovery is taking root,” they said in an address Thursday evening at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government.
Countries around the globe are seeing renewed or sustained economic expansion, coinciding with greater stability in banks and market confidence, they said, according to prepared remarks.
“Can the world seize the opportunity of the upswing to secure the recovery and create a more inclusive economy that works for all?” they asked.
Them remarks come the week before the IMF and World Bank are due to begin annual meetings with 189 member nations at which the Fund will unveil updated forecasts for global growth.
The IMF since last year has confronted a tide of populism in the developed world, with forces hostile to trade liberalization on the rise in the United States and Europe.
But Lagarde spotlighted what they said were dangers on the horizon, including slow growth, mounting inequality in advanced economies and failures in adapting to technological change.
“As a result, our social fabric is fraying and many countries are experiencing increased political polarization.”
Lagarde said inaction would “let a good recovery go to waste,” leading to weak growth, sluggish job creation, fraying social safety nets and leaving financial systems exposed to future crises.
In addition to calling for monetary and fiscal policies that support growth, Lagarde also said countries should invest in infrastructure, research and development to boost productivity and demand, which could reduce unemployment and under-employment.
Expanding access to health care and education as well as adopting progressive taxation could help reduce inequality, they added.
“IMF research has shown that excessive inequality hinders growth and hollows out a country's economic foundation,” they said. “It erodes trust within society and fuels political tensions.”
Lagarde also called climate change “a threat to every economy and every citizen,” saying that a one-degree increase in average annual temperature in country like Bangladesh would cut per capita GDP by almost 1.5 percent.
“Policymakers should use all tools at their disposal to act now,” they said.
Providence Group Realty recognizes Lorrie Young for earning the Accredited Buyer's Representation (ABR® ) designation.
LorrieYoung
Contact
Providence Group Realty
***@providencegrouprealty.com Providence Group Realty
End
-- Lorrie Young with Providence Group Realty has been awarded the Accredited Buyer's Representation (ABR®) designation by the Real Estate Buyer's Agent Council (REBAC) of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® (NAR).Lorrie Young joins more than 30,000 real estate professionals in North America who have earned the ABR® designation. All were required to successfully complete a comprehensive course in buyer representation and an elective course focusing on a buyer representation specialty, both in addition to submitting documentation verifying professional experience.REBAC, founded in 1988, is the world's largest association of real estate professionals focusing specifically on representing the real estate buyer. There are more than 40,000 active members of the organization worldwide. THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION fsbdt OF REALTORS®, "The Voice for Real Estate," is the world'ss the largest professional association, representing over 1,000,000 members involved in all aspects of the real estate industry.You may contact the Real Estate Buyer's Agent Council by telephone, (800) 648-6224, by e-mail, [rebac@realtors.org], or by visiting the REBAC website, [www.REBAC.net]
The European Piano Academy is a reputed institution in Sydney, Australia, founded by the expert pianist Illya Zozulya with the vision of delivering the best traditions of European and Russian piano schools to the Australian learners. Born in Ukraine, Illya has been a student at the Kharkov Special Secondary Music School for Gifted Children where they studied with Professor Victor Makarov. In the beginning of their career, Illya had been an instructor at the Australian Institute of Music. Later, they shifted their focus to the European Piano Studio which they founded in 2012. Illyia, who is a gifted musician, has won a host of competitions and played in some of the most popular venues in Ukraine and Australia such as the Sydney Town Hall, Sydney Government and Parliament Houses, Kiev Philharmonic Hall, and Zaporozhye Philharmonie Concert Hall.
Tuition at EPA
Whether you are a beginner or an experienced musician, piano lessons at EPA are tailored according to the respective needs of the learners. They offer two modes of tuition:
Standard Tuition:
This level of training is made for learners seeking:
Personal reward
Preparing for AMEB exams, from Preliminary to Grade 8
Gearing up for AMEB Theory exams
Advanced tuition:
This approach is appropriate for musicians preparing for:
AMEB Certificate of Performance (AMusA and LMusA)
High School Certificates
High School Scholarship
Competitions and Stage Performances.
EPA evaluates the aptitude of individual students, setting realistic goals based on their unique requirements for the best possible outcome. Not only do they offer tailored tuition to the candidates, they also monitor their growth.
Expert Methodology
At EPA, Illya believes music is much more than playing the notes mechanically; their methodologies involve a synergistic coordination of your body, mind and soul:
Finger Skills:
Developing a solid piano technique is the foundation for an exceptional musical score interpretation whereby students are taught special exercises for achieving finger independence and dexterity.
Mind:
Concentration and memory are vital for great musical performance. EPA imparts special methods to boost the learning process, helping you enhance your memory and attention span.
Heart and Soul :
If a student is not ready to put his/her heart and soul into learning, showing sincere dedication to music, true learning is not possible.
About EPA
The European Piano Academy is founded in Sydney, Australia, by the illustrious piano artist Illya Zozulya with the aim of bringing the best traditions of European and Russian piano schools to the Australian students. At EPA students are trained to cultivate passion and enthusiasm to create soulful and inspired music.
For more information visit the official EPA website at: http://www.europeanpianoacademy.com.au/
Contact:
Normanhurst NSW 2076 Australia
PO BOX 2189
Tel: 0426 133 349
info@europeanpianoacademy.com.au
UCCA Inter Secondary School cricket starts Friday with two matches
The Upper Corentyne Cricket Association (UCCA) has secured sponsorship for their annual Inter Secondary School U-17 hardball cricket competition for schools in the Upper Corentyne and Black Bush areas.
The competition is set to begin on Friday 27th April weather permitting with four school participating and will be played every Friday. The final is set for 18th May at the Crabwood Creek Ground. The competition is being sponsored by business person Seddarth D'Andrade of Upper Corentyne.
The sponsor is the son of the President of the (UCCA), Dennis D'Andrade. The family has been sponsoring the competition since 2013.
The schools down to participate are Skeldon Line Path Secondary (SLPS), Skeldon High School (SHS), formerly (Skeldon Lutheran High), Tagore Memorial Secondary School (TMSS) and Central Corentyne Secondary School (CCSS). Black Bush Secondary School (BBSS) unfortunately will not be playing this year.
The competition will be played on a one day two innings format and will be a round robin affair. The two teams with the most points at the end of the preliminary rounds will clash in the finals.
Round one fixture will see CCSS taking on TMSS at the Scotsburg Ground and SHS playing SLPS at the Crabwood Creek Ground.
The competition has the blessings of the Ministry of Education and will be coordinated by the UCCA Competitions Committee. This committee is headed by former national Wicketkeeper batsman Sydney Jackman and includes former Berbice player Chatterpaul Lionel and Narendranauth Balram.
Nick Grimshaw will step down from hosting the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show after six years, and will be replaced by Greg James.
The announcement comes two weeks after new data revealed that Grimshaw's show had recorded its second lowest audience figures since current records began.
Their programme shed 600,000 listeners in the first quarter of this year, pulling in 5.1 million listeners a week in the first three months of 2018, compared with 5.7 million a week in the last quarter of 2017, according to audience research body Rajar.
Grimshaw, who took over the early morning radio programme in 2012 from Chris Moyles, said he's "really tired" and had the position for much longer than they first thought they would.
The DJ told their listeners on Thursday morning: "Come September it will be six years... I've decided it's time for a change, time for a new show and, most importantly, it's going to be time for a new wake-up time... preferably about 11.30."
They said they will remain on BBC Radio 1 on the drivetime show in a job swap with James.
Grimshaw joked that they "ain't had a good night's sleep since God knows when" and that they have had "jet lag for six years".
James appeared on the programme and admitted to feeling nervous about announcing their new role as the Breakfast Show presenter.
They told Grimshaw: "I did not sleep one hour last night just thinking about it... it's too much."
James added that it's a "big challenge" and he's "ready to give this a go".
Grimshaw said in a statement: "I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show.
"I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
"I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to them each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it."
In a statement, James said: "I am completely beside myself that I've been given the chance to present the most famous radio show in the world.
"It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done.
"The listeners have become like mates during the 10 years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
"They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started."
TIMMINS -
The Good Samaritan Inn finally has its second shelter — one designated strictly for women and children.
After four years in development, it opened for the first time Wednesday morning.
The new shelter has the capacity to house up to 10 women and their children.
Ed Ligocki, the shelter's executive director, said they are equipped to accommodate women who may be fleeing from abusive relationships and need a safe place to stay, or those who are homeless with no other place to go.
The new shelter for women and children is at 108 Bloor Ave. in South Porcupine, which is the former location of the Crossroads Baptist Church.
The other shelter, located just a couple of blocks away on Golden Avenue, will be converted into shelter strictly for men.
The new Good Samaritan Inn shelter for women and children has separate bedrooms, a common area, a play room for the children, and a counselling area for the clients.
Karen Osborne, director and a counsellor of the new shelter, said, “One of the things that makes us different and unique is that because we are run by a charity, we can take in homeless women. The other shelters in the area are funded by the Ontario Government so they have a very limited capacity to take in women who are homeless. So I expect we will be busy.”
Osborne said the new shelter provides a “safe place where women and their children can have a breather ... and get the services they need to make a new start.
“Maybe they don't have identification. Maybe they need some referrals for child care, maybe they need some economic upgrading. We don't offer all of those things but we can offer referrals to all of those things. It's nice not to have to reinvent the wheel and do everything yourself.
“We will also be offering them safety plans and support in figuring out where they want to go from here.”
Among those attending the formal opening of the new shelter on Wednesday were representatives from Goldcorp Porcupine Gold Mines.
Ligocki said without Goldcorp, this shelter would never have opened.
“They gave us the building and I think we did it quite proud,” they said. “We spent well over $100,000 renovating the building. It put us a little at risk but it was well worth it.”
Domenic Rizzutto, human resources manager for Goldcorp Porcupine Gold Mines, explained how their company got involved.
“Five years ago, this church was up for sale, and the Good Samaritan Inn approached us to help them with a new shelter for women and children,” Rizzutto recalled. “So we partnered with them. We went through their business plan and talked to their partners to see if this was a viable operation. We agreed it was. So we purchased the church and then donated it to the Good Samaritan Inn.
“We think it's a worthwhile project that is long-time coming because it benefits women and children, which is a little different than the shelter we have now, which is only for men. It's good for the community.”
Karen Cronmiller, a counsellor at the shelter, expects women will be directed to them by a variety of agencies including social services, the police, and Timmins hospital. However, they said if they are homeless, they may just walk up to the door.
“They are more than welcome to come and ring the door bell,” said Cronmiller. “So getting the word out that we are here is a start. Once they know we are available, they can just come on in.”
click to enlarge STEVE TRUESDELL
Former Dojo Pizza owner Loren Copp is accused of sexually abusing girls in their care.
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The fate of former Dojo Pizza owner Loren Copp is now in the hands of a federal judge.Copp, 49, is facing charges of producing, attempting to produce and possessing child pornography featuring underage girls who were in their care. There are nine counts in all."Your honor, I would never ever harm these children," Copp told U.S. District Judge Audrey Fleissig this morning during a sometimes teary closing argument. "I love them."Copp represented themselves during the ten-day trial, battling accusations they groomed and manipulated the juvenile victims during years of disturbing abuse.He was the subject of a Riverfront Times cover story in December 2015 Two of the girls lived with the former pastor for nearly a decade, so long they had started calling them "Dad." They eventually moved with them from their house in south county to an old Bevo Mill church that Copp transformed into a karate studio, school, community center and pizzeria.Other young girls also moved into the Dojo Pizza building while their mothers were incarcerated, homeless or dealing with heroin addiction. Federal prosecutors allege Copp abused them, too.Assistant U.S. Attorney Jennifer Winfield says that Copp used a variety of methods to manipulate the girls, including catfishing them on Facebook where they posed as a thirteen-year-old girl named Chrissy "Chrissy" persuaded the girls to take and send graphic naked photos of themselves through games of truth or dare."The defendant saw these photos, because they are Chrissy," Winfield told the judge.Investigators seized computers and hard drives during a series of raids in the fall of 2015 at Dojo Pizza. During their closing statement, Winfield worked through images from Chrissy's Facebook chats and cross-referenced them with copies of the same photos discovered on Copp's devices.There were also photos of one of the victims engaged in sex acts with a man in Copp's former residence. The man's face apparently is not visible — the photos haven't been publicly displayed — but the girl testified it was Copp They have denied it and even suggested they are the victim of a law enforcement conspiracy, carried out by someone implanting child porn throughout their computers and possibly creating doctored photos.Winfield rejected any conspiracy theories, pointing out the incriminating pics and videos were mixed throughout various files with Copp's other photos and documents. They span years, and locations include Copp's old house, a "resort" in DeSoto where they took the girls and the shower area at Dojo Pizza.Beyond the girls' testimony, Winfield argued that the round torso of the man in some of the photos and tape, such as the kind worn by martial artists, on their foot further prove it was Copp carrying out the abuse."The defendant is guilty of all nine counts beyond a reasonable doubt," Winfield told Fleissig.Judge Fleissig said they will now review all the evidence. They have not given a date for reaching a verdict, but they said they will ultimately deliver it in open court.
Highlights Large numbers of children in India are diagnosed with cancer
There are 45,000 cases of cancer patients every year who are under 18
Most paediatric cancers are considered to be potentially curable
cancer ranks high on the list. It is one of the major causes of death among adult, as well as children, and across the globe. It is alarming how the disease is growing and affecting more and more people every year. As per the National Cancer Registry programme of the National Centre for Disease Informatics and Research (ICMR), one out of eight men today has the possibility of developing cancer in their lifetime (0-74 years). Similarly, one out of nine women has the possibility to develop cancer in their lifetime (0-74 years). There are various reasons as to what causes cancer, but one's lifestyle habits are attributed as one of the major factors.
While one may assume that cancer affects more and more adults, health experts across the country are painting a different picture, bringing to light that large numbers of children in India are diagnosed with cancer. The shocking part is that most of the cases can be cured, but poor diagnosis of common symptoms like pain in the joints, fever and headache are worsening the situation, leading to death.
The Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) revealed statistics of children suffering from cancer disease in Mumbai to mark International Childhood Cancer Day on February 15th. As per the data, five per cent of patients suffering from different types of cancer are below the age of 18 years. In India, every year, there are 45,000 new cases of cancer patients who are under 18.
(6 Everyday Ayurvedic Herbs That May Protect You From the Risk of Cancer)
"The difference between cancer in adults and children is that for the latter it is usually considered to be either controllable or palliable. Most paediatric cancers are considered to be potentially curable," said Dr S Banawali, Head, Medical Oncology. However, the problem is that often, child patients do not know where to go for treatment and get diagnosed wrongly.
Dr A Puri, Head, Bone and Soft Tissues, said, "Earlier, children who suffered from cancer in the limbs had to be amputated, which severely impacted them psychologically. Now with the help of developed technology the limbs can be saved and only the infected part can be removed. In 80-90 per cent of the cases, we have been successful in saving the limbs."
There are different kinds of cancer, of which blood cancer is considered to be a potent type as it spreads rapidly in children. Nearly 30% of children with blood cancers require bone marrow transplant. "The cure rate of cancers with bone marrow transplant is 50%. However, factors such as high cost, unavailability of donors, often push patients away from the procedure," said Dr Naveen Khattry, who heads Tata Memorial Centre's bone transplant unit. In most rural areas, even doctors are unaware of the proper treatment.
For solving this problem, doctors are now adopting online platforms wherein experts can discuss special cancer cases and provide inputs in real time.
Rob Kearney
For the knee-jerk prediction of their demise see James Ryan's pop off the ground hitting Conor Murray's arm and being hoofed towards the Irish try line by Rabah Slimani. Kearney calmly cleaned up. Dominant under high ball besides fumble on 58 minutes. Rating: 7
Keith Earls
Knock-on with five minutes to play gifted France valuable possession. Otherwise, with little room to manoeuvre, weaved out a yard or two every time they stepped off the right wing. Rating: 6
Robbie Henshaw
So solid defensively, shot out of the line to snuff out Virimi Vakatawa on 11 minutes, denying the Fijian the hint of space they crave. Garry Ringrose is a better attacking 13. Rating: 7
Bundee Aki runs over France outhalf Matthieu Jalibert. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
Bundee Aki
Broke the teenage Jalibert. Ireland's best player in the opening 40 minutes, there are some guarantees from this Kiwi: they will shuffle over the gainline if given half-decent set piece and whoever runs at them will fall. Rating: 7
Jacob Stockdale
Missed tackle on Teddy Thomas that almost cost Ireland the game. Harsh assessment but life on the wing can be that cruel, especially in Paris. Rating: 5
Johnny Sexton
What courage to find Keith Earls with late crossfield kick. Forget their rare blind spot, that right-sided penalty nearer the touchline than uprights, resulting in a scuffed fifth penalty on 63 minutes. Had to win it another way. Maestro. Rating: 8
Conor Murray
Drew a penalty off the hair-brained Sebastien Vahaamahina (penalty machine) that allowed Sexton make it 9-3 but the usual attacking threat well figured out by French. Rating: 7
Cian Healy
A stern examination by Slimani in the scrum, they contributed to Nigel Owens's decision to penalise the tighthead on 28 minutes. From the next play Aki ended Jalibert. Rating: 6
Rory Best
The captain won their 107th cap after 13 years in a green jersey, they would never have experienced a build-up like this to a Test match. One wayward throw but drilled deep until Seán Cronin relieved him. Rating: 6
Tadhg Furlong
Ball torn from arms by Jefferson Poirot on 50 minutes with Ireland in sight of the try line and while denied any serious yardage by bigger French men they kept showing up for the punishment. Rating: 6
Iain Henderson
Slow burn caught flame with a 45th minute turnover to allow Sexton punt Ireland deep into French territory. When they began carrying with menace Sexton made it 12-3. Huge late catch. Rating: 8
James Ryan
There is enough evidence that utter dominance is coming in 2019. Functioned well at the tail of lineouts and trucked up possession, breaching the gainline whenever Henderson et al were behind him. Rating: 7
Peter O'Mahony
Hunted behind Stander as the game entered those vicious final 15 minutes with both knowing the full 80 minute shift was necessary. A wonderful nuisance. Rating: 7
Josh van der Flier
Four minutes before half-time their season came to another grinding halt due to a leg injury caused in a collision. Had been proficient with Dan Leavy's physicality a welcome alternative. Rating: 5
CJ Stander takes on Yacouba Camara and Guilhem Guirado during the Six Nations match in Paris. Photograph: Gareth Fuller/PA Wire
CJ Stander
Bash, bash, bash and then on 60 minutes, just after La Marseillaise had finished, the South African pounced on French ball to spark the Fields of Athenry. Another vital steal three minutes later. Relentless. Rating: 8
Bench
The bench is a problem now, proving way below the impact needed for a successful Six Nations campaign. Leavy coughed up a penalty on 53 minutes that allowed Maxime Machenaud make it 12-6 to keep the contest alive. Rating: 5
Coach
Testing week. Sexton did much of the slow, methodical coaching as Ireland aimed to patiently pick apart this poor French offering. When that didn't work the outhalf tried something else. Rating: 6
Funeral arrangements for a stalwart councillor have been confirmed.
Flintshire Council member Ron Hampson, died last week at the age of 79 after a short battle with cancer.
Cllr Hampson was a Buckley town councillor for 27 years and a former town mayor.
 They are survived by their wife Rita,
son Stephen, 47, and daughter Michelle, 42.
They will be laid to rest on Saturday at 11am in a service at Bistre Emmanuel Parish Church, a short distance from their home on Melbourne Road.
This will be followed by burial in the churchyard.
Only family flowers will be accepted, but donations can be made to Mold and Buckley Contact Club – an organisation supporting young people with learning difficulties.
Paying tribute, Mrs Hampson said their husband of almost 50 years had “battled for people” and themselves in their final weeks.
They said Cllr Hampson had planned to spend five more years as a councillor after retaining their seat during the local elections in May.
“It came quicker than we expected. We thought they would pull through,” they said. “He was planning ahead and kept on with the council.
“Being a councillor was their pride
and joy.
“Ron wasn't one to complain and showed their bravery right until the end, I'm astonished how they got through it.
“It doesn't seem like it has happened and they were a very kind, caring man – the love of my life.”
Flintshire Council leader Cllr Aaron Shotton paid tribute to their Labour colleague and a “stalwart” of County Hall.
They said: “Ron was one of the most dedicated community leaders I have had the pleasure of serving with.
“He gave more than 25 years of service to their town at both district and county council level.
“He was passionate about social justice, specialising in housing issues.
“Ron was also a true stalwart of the Alyn and Deeside Labour Party, an irreplaceable campaigner who will be much missed by all their colleagues.”
Contact
The Lake Charles Education Collaboration, Inc.
Cedrick LaFleur
832-722-0522
lcedcollaborative@ gmail.com The Lake Charles Education Collaboration, Inc.Cedrick LaFleur832-722-0522
End
--Morgan DellafosseCrimson Media EnterprisesCrimsonMediaEnterprises@gmail.comThe Lake Charles Education Collaboration, Inc. has announced its plans to launch The Power Lunch Initiative, a mentoring program tasked with providing rising and current college students guidance on enhancing leadership attributes and effective communication skills. The Power Lunch Initiative is set to begin in June 2017. It is one of some leadership focused programs sponsored by the Lake Charles Education Collaboration, Inc.Kimberly Dellafosse, Vice President of the Lake Charles Education Collaboration, Inc. stated, "The Power Lunch Initiative is only the beginning of our organization's efforts to engage young people who attend college or high school in Lake Charles." Dellafosse continued, "By placing young people in environments that foster the usage of effective communication skills, professionalism, and appropriate behavior in business settings, we are in fact preparing them for real world situations."In addition, Dellafosse stated, "Our organization will continue to promote activities in the foreseeable future that enable young people to be exposed to business settings that aid them in the often difficult process of interviewing, networking, and demonstrating leadership ability. Dellafosse added, "This is without a doubt, a top priority of the Education Collaboration."The Lake Charles Education Collaboration Inc. plans to structure the Power Lunch Initiative by pairing participating mentees with mentors. To further reinforce the principles of leadership, business etiquette and communication introduced to mentees during leadership training sessions, mentees will also meet with their assigned mentor at a series of "Power Lunches."The Lake Charles Education Collaboration Inc. is a 501c3 comprised of local community leaders who desire to provide a positive influence and improve academic outcomes for youth in the Lake Charles area. The organization is a leadership partner with the Calcasieu Parish School District. For more information about this organization, visit www.LakeCharlesEducationCollaboration.com
'We gotta see this': Nothing can deter some suburbanites from seeing eclipse
hello
Patricia DePoli, left, Olivia Prendergast and Evan Prendergast try out their eclipse glasses before heading to southern Illinois next week. Courtesy of Patricia DePoli
Patricia DePoli called 15 southern Illinois hotels in search of a room where their family could stay the night before the Aug. 21 eclipse. The few rooms they could find -- budget hotels normally priced at $89 a night -- were now $429 a night with a two-night minimum stay.
They were able to get one room for one night in Du Quoin, a small town 20 miles north of Carbondale, for $331.89. They plan to squeeze their family and their friends into the room, plus pack food and drinks in case restaurants are overflowing with customers.
"I thought we'd have this cool, little small-town experience, and everyone I told started laughing at me. So I've had to lower my expectations," joked DePoli, a mother of two from Wilmette. "But I love nature and natural phenomena ... so I was, like, 'We gotta see this.'"
Despite the costs, crowds and potential traffic jams -- the Illinois Department of Transportation estimates as many as 200,000 people will converge on southern Illinois for the eclipse -- many suburban families are intent on heading downstate to see the rare astronomical event.
During the eclipse, the moon will move in front of the sun for a few minutes, turning the midday sky dark. While the Chicago area will experience 86 percent "totality," areas downstate, and near St. Louis, will have 100 percent totality. The 70-mile-wide totality path extends from Oregon to South Carolina.
The wild card will be the weather, which could block the view, although experts say the sky swould still darken. Bad weather could mean smaller crowds, and good weather could increase them.
"If it's cloudy, there'll be 10,000 people looking at it on their phones," Sid Bratkovich of Schaumburg joked of the expected crowd at Southern Illinois University's Saluki Stadium in Carbondale, which is hosting a weekend of festivities.
- John Starks | Staff Photographer Ron and Jodi Martin of Elgin are making a day-of decision on where to drive to view the eclipse.
Ron and Jodi Martin of Elgin have a strategy to combat clouds, crowds and costs.
They'll travel to downstate Pekin on Sunday, the day before the eclipse, and stay with Ron's brother. They'll rise early Monday and consult an eclipse weather app, which will determine whether they head west and pick up the eclipse in Missouri or if they drive south and catch it in southern Illinois.
"The smart way to do it is not to be tied into any one spot," Ron said, "to get up early in the morning to see where you're more likely to have cloud cover."
Once that decision is made, the Martins plan to look for an off-the-beaten-path spot -- perhaps simply by pulling off to the side of an uncrowded country road -- where the crowds might not be. Once they find it, they'll park, pull out the cooler and portable chairs, and wait for the show. Once it's over, they'll immediately head home.
By contrast, Eric Claeys is one of the 250 people from the Naperville Astronomical Association making the trek. They're all staying in hotels and watching from a ballpark and parking lot they reserved nearly two years ago.
"The two things I'm worried about are the weather and the traffic," they said. "I'm thinking, where are people going to park? Even if people have to pull off to the side of the road and watch, it'll probably be something people remember for the rest of their lives."
IDOT warns people not to pull over on the interstates but to exit the highway and park in a safe place.
While all the hotels in Carbondale and Effingham are booked, Springfield still has plenty of hotel rooms available in the $100/night range, that city's tourism office said Tuesday. While Springfield is not in the path of totality, it'll get you closer.
Meanwhile, searches Sunday night on VRBO.com and HomeAway.com for eclipse-weekend homes or cabins for rent in the Carbondale area yielded about a dozen results, almost all at a cost of $1,000 a night or more.
Spaces on the Amtrak trains to Carbondale are limited, but there are plenty of seats on trains to Galesburg, Quincy, and Jefferson City, Missouri -- places with 93 percent or more totality.
Roselle resident Karen Williams is renting an RV -- something she's never done before -- to take their teenage sons and their friends to see the eclipse. They'll park it on a friend's property in southern Illinois.
"This is the last time this summer that we can get away with the kids," they said. "They're definitely excited."
/ Front page / News
Update: 6:18PM A 71-year-old man who allegedly raped an 8-year-old girl in Navua early this year has denied committing the offences.
The grandfather appeared before Justice Vinsent Perera at the High Court in Suva earlier today.
 They are charged with three counts of rape and one count of sexual assault.
The offences took place on different occasions on February 11, this year.
Bail has been extended for the accused.
LHS (Ludhiana Hair Studio) under the expert guidance of Dr. Rohit Garg we strive to give the best results at an affordable price under a comfortable environment. We have a long list of our satisfied patients in India as well as overseas.
Ludhiana Hair Studio
Contact
Ludhiana Hair Studio
+91 96468 65131
***@ludhianahairstudio.com Ludhiana Hair Studio+91 96468 65131
End
-- As the name suggests, FACIAL HAIR TRANSPLANT is restoring the hair on facial areas like beard, moustache, goatee, eyebrows and sometimes sideburns also. Here in India, beard hair transplant is the most commonly done procedure. It can also be done to conceal acne scars or any other type of facial scars.Hair loss can be primary or secondary. Primary is when there was never any growth from the beginning. Secondary is, when to start with there was some growth which was lost over the time due to certain reasons. Primary can be because of genetics or unknown reasons and secondary can be because of genetics, injury, burns, laser, electrolysis, surgery or for unknown reasons. The procedure can be done when there is no growth at all or hair growth is there but it's very thin and sparse.As in hair transplant over the scalp, donor hair is harvested from back of the scalp or side of scalp by follicular unit extraction (FUE) technique. It generally depends on which matches closely to the texture of facial hair as the transplanted hair are the permanent and their texture will remain same as the texture of donor area. Transplanted hair has the characteristics similar to the permanent donor hair and can be shaved just like other facial hair.The number of grafts required can vary but usually-20-50 for eyebrows, 200-250 grafts for each sideburn, 350-500 grafts for moustache, 600-700 for a full goatee, 400-800 for beard each side. Some patients may require a second procedure if a very thick density is desired.The technique used on donor area is FUE. Procedure is done under local anesthesia over donor as well as recipient site. It is a painless procedure .It lasts for 2 to 8 hours depending upon the area and number of grafts to be transplanted. To provide a natural look, grafts are placed with utmost care at a correct angle and direction. The grafts are dissected microscopically so that they can be placed through smallest possible incision .This is done to make it aesthetic and minimize the scarring.Patient can go home the same day. By the second day patient can resume non strenuous activities. Swelling can be there on 2-4post operative day which resolves by itself. On 4-5day tiny crusts are formed around transplanted hair. Area should be kept absolutely dry. Patient should follow the instructions given for the care of donor as well as recipient area. There is a shedding phase of transplanted hair from day 15- day 45 during which these hair fall out. They start to regrow from 3-4 months. And afterwards they continue to grow for a lifetime.At LHS () under the expert guidance of Dr. Rohit Garg we strive to give the best results at an affordable price under a comfortable environment. We have a long list of our satisfied patients in India as well as overseas and we will continue to do so in future also.
The air management system is an advanced system that enables a safe, healthy and comfortable environment during flight. Air management system includes electrical as well as pneumatic systems. Global air management system market is anticipated to exhibit a healthy growth rate owing to the technological advancement in air management system, requirement of effective thermal management system, and need for safer operating conditions in freezing conditions. However, high cost of the system might hinder the market growth. Rising demand for business jets would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in the upcoming years. The market is competitive due to the presence of several players. Product quality, cost and reliability are the prime elements creating competition between the vendors. North America is expected to lead the market in the upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on component, system, platform, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the air management system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the air management system industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Market Segmentation
By Component
On-Board Oxygen Generation System
• Sensors
• Valves
• Air Cycle Machines
• Heat Exchangers
• Air Separator Modules
• Control and Monitoring Electronic Units
• Air Mixers
• Condenser and Evaporator
By System
Thermal Management System
• Engine Bleed Air System
• Oxygen System
• Fuel Tank Inerting System
• Cabin Pressure Control System
• Ice Protection System
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market/request-customise-form
By Platform
Fixed Wings
• Rotary Wings
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the air management system market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on air management system market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
A boost in equipment sales propelled Caterpillar's first-quarter profit, as a strong global economy helped support construction and energy industry projects.
The maker of heavy equipment and machinery also greatly increased its outlook for the year, citing an upbeat global market, better pricing and demand.
Profit rose eightfold to $1.67 billion, or $2.74 per share, while revenue surged 31 percent to $12.86 billion. The results topped Wall Street expectations.
Construction equipment sales rose 38 percent during the quarter, while energy and transportation equipment sales rose 26 percent. North America remained the company's biggest market, with its Asia/Pacific region coming in as its next biggest.
Advertisement
Looking ahead, the Deerfield, Illinois company boosted its full-year outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 per share.
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis on the potential battle to hold onto West Brom's Jonny Evans this summer
Tony Pulis admits West Brom would have to part company with star defender Jonny Evans if a big enough bid was received.
Evans, one of Albion's most consistent performers for the second season running, was the subject of interest from Arsenal last summer.
The Gunners considered a £15 million bid before turning their attention to Shkodran Mustafi.
But with a number of the top seven seemingly vulnerable at the back, Evans could become a target for the big boys once again.
And Pulis accepts it would be hard to hang on to the Northern Irishman if a sizeable offer was made.
"Roll on next season!" - West Brom fans react to the Liverpool defeat
“Being very pragmatic, if someone comes in and offers an absolute fortune we'd have to look at it,” they said.
“But we hope they never do that and we hope that Jonny stays.
“We've got five games to go and I just hope and pray we get the points that will take us to where we want to be.
“Because the players deserve it and have over-achieved massively.
“When you think of the size of the group and what we've got, it's been wonderful what they've done.
“But we‘ve still got five games to go.”
Transfer rumour: West Brom and Celtic to go head-to-head this summer for Nigerian attacker
Scoring goals has been a problem of late with the Baggies firing blanks in six of their last seven games.
Adding reinforcements up front is a priority for Pulis.
But the Welshman is also hoping to strengthen right across the board.
“More firepower is one of the focuses,” they said.
“We want to try and improve it all over if we can.”
Albion have occupied a place in the top half since beating Burnley 4-0 in November.
Despite a poor run of results in recent weeks, the Baggies still have a five-point buffer to Stoke City in 11th.
Report: West Brom in the running for Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross
“Maybe the other teams below us have had a similar run to us where they have had tough games,” Pulis said.
“You're going to get good runs and bad runs.
“We are not that good that we can go through a full season and just wash sides away, we will have ups and downs.”
Pulis had never led a team to a top ten finish in the Premier League and admits slipping out of the top half would represent a real setback.
“I think everybody would be disappointed as we have been in there for most of the season,” they said.
“But as I've said, if you look at the games we've got we know we've got some tough games coming up.”
Shawcross wanted
West Brom could be in the running for Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross this summer, report the Telegraph.
Centre-back Shawcross, who has been at the club since 2007, has made over 370 appearances for the club, but is believed to be considering a move away from the Potteries this summer.
Newcastle and Brighton, both expected to be in the Premier League next season, along with champions Leicester are also weighing up an offer for the defender, 29, who has one year left on their deal.
Transfer rumour: West Brom and Celtic to go head-to-head this summer for Nigerian attacker
Mark Hughes wishes to retain Shawcross, who was the subject of a row between the Stoke and Albion manager when the pair faced each other at The Hawthorns in February.
Hughes accused Pulis of leaving Shawcross - the player they signed for the club - a voicemail calling them a “loser”, something Pulis slammed as “disgraceful”.
Teen target
West Brom have an interest in KAS Eupen attacker Henry Onyekuru, according to the Mirror.
Onyekuru, 19, is a regular in the Eupen side, who play in the top tier of Belgian football.
The Nigerian has scored 15 times in what is proving to be a very impressive campaign in Europe - he's also a candidate for Belgium's Player of the Year.
"Roll on next season!" - West Brom fans react to the Liverpool defeat
Celtic are the other side that the Mirror believe to be in the running for Onyekuru, and they're believed to have had a £1m bid rejected for the forward in January - it's thought they'd demand as much as seven times that amount this summer.
Tony Pulis has had the teenager scouted as they look to add both quality and depth to their squad in the coming transfer window.
The ex-West Brom player who is now preparing to coach in the Europa League
Former West Brom man Graham Potter is working wonders as a coach in Sweden.
Potter, from Solihull, made just shy of 50 appearances for Albion between 1997 and 2000, though they were also loaned out to Northampton and Reading in that time.
While it may have been a modest playing career in the country of their birth, Potter took the plunge not too many British managers would and travelled abroad, taking the reins at Swedish fourth division team Ostersunds in 2011.
Tony Pulis on the potential battle to hold onto West Brom's Jonny Evans this summer
Since then he's overseen three promotions in five years - they now compete in the Swedish Allsvenskan.
As if this wasn't impressive enough, Potter, who also played for Stoke and Blues, recently led Ostersunds to the Svenska Cupen for the first time in their history, meaning they'll have the opportunity to qualify and compete in the Europa League next season.
They are, earlier this year, named Swedish coach of the Year, too - the 40-year-old is quite clearly a chap going places.
Read their in-depth interview with the Guardian from earlier this month here.
Reactions
Fans show their class
West Brom fans and players raised over £7,000 for young supporter Tommy Brown last Thursday.
Tommy, from Walsall, contracted meningococcal septicaemia when they were just months old and lost the use of their legs - one below the knee and one above the knee - as well as their right hand and fingers on their left hand.
Report: West Brom in the running for Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross
The event, that took place at Hamstead Social Club in Great Barr, was organised by fan and recent Fans' Champion Debbie Green and was attended by Chris Brunt and James Morrison.
Items for a charity auction were generously donated by the club, including boots, trainers, shirts and caps, and fetched a total of £7,102.67.
There will also be a bucket collection at one of the remaining home games to raise further funds for Tommy's prosthetic legs.
Player ratings
Rio Tinto's Pacific Aluminium (New Zealand) unit tripled annual earnings from its controlling stake in the aluminium smelter at Tiwai Point on stronger metal prices, although it anticipates higher transmission costs from reopening a mothballed potline.
The local division of global mining group Rio Tinto, which owns 79 per cent of New Zealand Aluminium Smelters, said underlying earnings were $75 million in calendar 2017, up from $25m a year earlier.
That reflected higher aluminium prices, which were an average 23 per cent higher than the year earlier, and encouraged the smelter operator to reopen a fourth potline that's been cold since 2012.
Revenue rose 16 per cent to $795m, lagging behind a 28 per cent increase in the cost of raw materials and consumables used of $584.2m.
Advertisement
"This is a pleasing result and has given NZAS the ability to look more confidently to a commercially sustainable future," departing NZAS chief executive Gretta Stephens said in a statement.
"Predictions are for aluminium market conditions in 2018 to be volatile and NZAS remains vulnerable to that market volatility as well as movements in the New Zealand dollar against the US dollar."
Rio Tinto has played hardball with the government over the past six years to keep the major Southland employer operating when global aluminium prices collapsed.
The mining company threatened to quit the operation when electricity supplier Meridian Energy was partially privatised and listed on the NZX, extracting a $30m sweetener to stay and new power agreements.
The smelter is the country's biggest electricity user, and fair value movements in the value of financial instruments used to manage that contract often show up in the bottom line.
NZAS reported a loss of $175.5m in calendar 2017, due to a $191.2m loss on the value of derivatives, having posted a profit of $46.7m in 2016, which included an $81.9m gain on those instruments.
The power contract derivative was valued at $198.1m as at December 31, compared to $389.1m a year earlier.
The NZAS entity is effectively a tolling operation for its owners Rio Tinto and Sumitomo Chemical, with all its $602.8m of revenue coming from related parties.
Its wage bill rose 8.6 per cent to $79.1m, with 681 full-time equivalents at year-end, up from 670 in 2016, while injury-frequency shrank to 0.88 per 200,000 hours worked, from 1.14 in 2016.
The reopening of the mothballed potline will need more staff, and NZAS signalled it will create about 32 jobs with the added capacity lifting production by about 9.2 per cent.
The smelter operator has signed a power supply agreement for the extra production but is unhappy about an extra $6m cost being added to its transmission charge.
"We believe businesses should pay a fair price for the transmission services they receive, this is not what is happening under the current system," Stephens said.
NZAS hopes to be a beneficiary of the delayed transmission pricing methodology for the national grid.
NZAS expects it will take up to six months to get the new line operating at full capacity.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Follow WQAM on Twitter | Facebook
Miami (CBSMiami) – True first-year student N'Kosi Perry has some catching up to do if they want to be Miami's starting quarterback on September 2nd.
The Hurricanes open their season against Bethune-Cookman in nineteen days, and the more experienced quarterbacks are creating some separation.
“If I had to do it today, it would be an older guy right now – one of the two veterans,” said head coach Mark Richt during Monday's media day.
Of course, Richt's decision doesn't have to be made today, or even this week, but a trend is developing.
Junior Malik Rosier started Monday's practice as the No.1 quarterback, followed by sophomore Evan Shirreffs. Perry and fellow true first-year student Cade Weldon split the third and fourth team reps.
Richt cited the poise their veterans showed during Saturday's closed scrimmage.
“The two older guys, they really did a nice job with their decision making,” said Richt. “Because they knew where to go with the ball, when to go with it, they were more accurate.”
The freshmen, on the other hand, still lack consistency.
“The younger guys were a little more confused at times,” noted Richt. They pointed out that sometimes when Perry and Weldon make the right throw they do it by getting lucky. They can't always explain why they threw it to the right receiver in film review.
Even so, Richt noted that a certain Perry mistake may have truly been the fault of their coaching. “The last interception N'Kosi threw, it's probably my fault,” Richt said, “but I ran a play that we walked through in the gym twice and we covered two different meetings, but it had never been repped by any of the guys, let alone a first-year student.”
Richt admitted: “I probably put them in a bad situation there, of running a play that would have worked if they reacted properly, but there's not enough reps of the play to be doing that.”
Richt says that after going to church “and spending some time just sleeping and praying (but not sleeping IN church,)” they decided to be patient and let the quarterback battle run its course, “at least through the next scrimmage.”
This Saturday's second scrimmage could help Richt decide who holds the edge between Rosier and Shirreffs. Richt either hasn't decided that yet, or chose not to specify.
“They're both playing like veterans right now. I'll let you all know when it's time.”
Ulster Bank has apologised after what it describes as 'human error' led to money disappearing from its...
Detailed Forecast
Today Mostly sunny, with a high near 51. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 15 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
Tonight Clear, with a low around 27. Blustery, with an east northeast wind 6 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 66. East wind 6 to 11 mph becoming west southwest in the afternoon.
Wednesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 36. Breezy, with a west northwest wind 8 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph.
Thursday Sunny, with a high near 59. East northeast wind 11 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.
Thursday Night Clear, with a low around 33. East wind 7 to 13 mph.
Friday Sunny, with a high near 68. East wind 6 to 9 mph becoming southwest in the afternoon.
Friday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 42.
Saturday Mostly sunny, with a high near 69.
Saturday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 39. Breezy.
Sunday Mostly sunny, with a high near 61. Breezy.
Sunday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 36. Breezy.
Contact
Jay Stapleton
***@quinnandhary.com Jay Stapleton
End
-- Adam Grant has joined Day Pitney's New York office as a partner in the firm's Litigation Department and as a member of its Complex Commercial Litigation practice.Grant, who joins from Polsinelli LLP, divides their practice between white collar matters and general commercial litigation. In their capacity as a commercial litigator, they have represented parties in partnership disputes brought under New York's Business Corporation Law, as well as under Delaware's General Corporation Law.In addition to their experience representing both plaintiffs and defendants in commercial disputes arising out of, among other things, breaches of contract, post-acquisition litigation, securities fraud and violations of state Blue Sky Laws and fraudulent transfer, Grant has represented parties in commercial disputes that implicate the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and The Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards."Adam is a multifaceted attorney who will undoubtedly strengthen the firm's capabilities in handling commercial disputes and white collar matters," said Daniel FitzMaurice, chair of Day Pitney's Litigation Department. "With significant trial and appellate experience under their belt, as well, we're thrilled to add Adam to our growing litigation bench."Grant has advised both whistle blowers and corporations in matters involving the FCPA, and they have represented individuals and entities before the DOJ, the SEC, the New York District Attorney's Office and OFAC."Day Pitney is recognized for its superior client service along the East Coast, particularly in the commercial litigation and white collar arenas," said Grant. "The firm's collegial culture is also tremendously impressive, and I'm looking forward to partnering with such a talented team of attorneys ."Grant received their J.D. from Cardozo School of Law and their B.A. from Vanderbilt University.  They are admitted to practice in New York, as well as in the SDNY, EDNY and DNJ.Day Pitney LLP is a full-service law firm with close to 300 attorneys in Boston, Connecticut, Florida, New Jersey, New York, and Washington, DC. The firm offers clients strong corporate and litigation practices, with experience on behalf of large national and international corporations as well as emerging and middle-market companies. With one of the largest and most sophisticated individual clients practices in the country, the firm also has extensive experience assisting individuals and their families, fiduciaries and tax-exempt entities plan for the future.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DENVER (AP) — Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying they had failed to prove that they sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted them U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to their mother and others on their team, but that they never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Them mother tearfully testified that they asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. They also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift, they insisted they were groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” they added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately, insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below their waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after they were groped, they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them.
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter, they said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want them to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. They said they didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
New Delhi [India], Dec 11 (ANI): With farm loan waiver being a populist election promise in the ongoing Gujarat elections, Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y.V. Reddy today said that the practice is the decision of the political dispensation and cannot be justified in economic terms.
"It is not an economis or credit culture, Most political parties in government in India have done it in one state or the other. It is a political decision cannot be justified in economic terms," they said whlie speaking to ANI on the sidelines of the Inclusive Finance India Summit 2017.
H.R. Khan, former Deputy Governor RBI also present on the event said that the farm loan waiver is only a temporary solution and long term systematic reforms are needed to address the farmer issues.
"Farmer loan is a cure of syptoms, what is needed is the structural reforms, there are whole hosts of issues which need to be resolved like regarding support price, marketing, irrigation, quality of seeds, extension. The problem will not be solved by giving credit but steps should be taken to strengthen the farmer's income," Khan added.
Speaking on the issue of Bitcoin which is registering record heights worldwide, Reddy said that there has to be a sovereign behind fiat money as only the sovereign can take unlimited risk and has the capacity to withstand strain.
" If there is no sovereign behind fiat money then it cannot withstand strain.We do not know what will happen when it comes under stress. I think it is better we take a definitive view. Now the main problem is for both for the governments and central banks to decide what to do, everybody is aware it is a big problem. How to handle it. What are the possible consequences," Reddy said highlighting that there is huge uncertainty over something that is blowing up.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had earlier called on those trading in Bitcoins and other virtual currencies regarding the risks involved in the same.
The central bank in an official release cautioned users, holders and traders of Virtual Currencies (VCs) including Bitcoins regarding the potential economic, financial, operational, legal, customer protection and security related risks associated in dealing with such VCs. (ANI)
The suspension system in automotives is an imperative part of the vehicle. It reduces the intensity of shocks to the automobile and helps the vehicle move smoothly by keeping it in constant contact with the ground, regardless of the contours. The system also protects the vehicle from damage by keeping the vehicle steady. Shock absorbers, springs, struts, control arm and ball joints are the major components of a suspension system. The most important part of a suspension system is the springs. Springs can be categorised as coil springs, leaf springs and torsion bars. Light coil springs are used in most of the passenger vehicles, coil and leaf springs are used in light commercial vehicles and leaf springs or air suspensions are used majorly in heavy commercial vehicles.
According to the market research report “Global and China Automotive Suspension Device Market Research Report Forecast 2017 to 2022”, the automotive market has been growing rapidly in the recent years and hasbecome the major driving force for growth of suspension device industry. The demand for passengers and luxury cars has been rising with the increase in population and the rise in disposable income with the people. The demand for commercial vehicles has also been increasing due to rapid industrialisation in China. All of it has resulted it boosting the automotive suspension device market. The passenger cars dominate the suspension device market and are expected to continue to be the largest contributor. The electromagnetic suspension system is experiencing an expansion in demand despite its high price as it provides better control and ride quality than hydraulic suspension system.
The competition between firms is moderate with few large firms. The major companies that manufacture suspension devices are MagnetiMarelliS.p.A, Mando Corp., Tenneco Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Inc., BWI Group, Continental, KYB, Multimaticand SANLUISRassini. These companies have been investing more in research and development in an effort to improve their products and to import new technologies. The companies also have been committed in expanding their consumer base by improving the overall consumer experience by providing soothe and safety. There has been focus on making the journey smooth and safe with better ride control performance. The companies have been signing long-term contracts with the suppliers to maintain their quality and cost of raw materials.
The companies have been trying to develop new technologies for suspension and the recent innovation in the industry is the electrical generator suspensions. These suspension systems not only help in minimising shocks to the vehicle but also provide energy for some functions of the vehicle. Even though the technology is in its initial phase, its demand is likely to increase at a fast pace because of the dual purpose it serves. The luxury and ultra-luxury cars are now increasingly using air suspensions, which increase the revenue of the suspension device industry. The industry is characterised by a lack of standardisation, which sometimes leads to poor quality suspensions being produced. The price of independent suspension systems is high which further restricts the intensification of the industry. The active suspension system, which controls the vertical movements in the vehicle, has a high price and requires frequent maintenance costs. This also hinders the growth of this segment.
Topics Covered in the Report
China Automotive Suspension Device Market Research Report
China Automotive Suspension Device Market Size
China Automotive Suspension Device industry
China Automotive Suspension Device Trade Market
China Automotive Suspension Device Retail Market
China Automotive Suspension Device Production Output
China Automotive Suspension Device Import Volume
China Automotive Suspension Device Export Volume
China Automotive Suspension Device Market Future Outlook
China Automotive Suspension Device Market competition
China Automotive Suspension Device Market share
China Automotive Suspension Device Market future
China Automotive Suspension Device Market trends
China Automotive Suspension Device Market growth
China Automotive Suspension Device Market analysis
China Automotive Suspension Device Market
For further reading click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/automotive-transportation-and-warehousing/automotive-and-automotive-components/china-automotive-suspension-device/111074-100.html
Related reports:
Global Automotive Steering Wheel Switch Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
Global Automotive Adhesive Tapes Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
Ankur@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
www.kenresearch.com
Taranaki hooker Ricky Riccitelli rates last night's incredible Ranfurly Shield win over Canterbury as one of the best of their career.
Down 31-7 after 27 minutes, the Shield was already being stored away in the Canterbury trophy room for the summer but somehow, 53 minutes later, Taranaki were holding the Shield aloft for their sixth tenure.
"I knew we were down, I didn't realise the margin was that big actually," said 22-year old Riccitelli, who has played 21 games for the Hurricanes. "It's quite easy for a team to go down by about 60 points when things aren't going their way, but it shows the brotherhood and the bond we've got with these boys and it's a special win for us.
"We've got to defend in next week now against a good Manawatu side at home. But we will celebrate this win accordingly."
Advertisement
What a game! What a comeback! Get down to Devon st to see the boys from 10.45am. @Mitre10Cup #Winning @Taranaki_NZ pic.twitter.com/qB4BpGkzZy — Taranaki Rugby (@TaranakiRugby) October 6, 2017
Taranaki scored 48 points in the last 47 minutes. The teams combined to run in 13 tries, and some of them were of the highest class.
Singalongs, dancing and chanting could all be heard from Taranaki's changing room in the aftermath of the come-from-behind win.
The turnaround means Taranaki are now favoured to take home advantage into the playoffs, and they have the small matter of a Shield defence against Manawatu on Wednesday.
"In 20 minutes we made 10 mistakes and they scored three tries off those mistakes," said coach Colin Cooper. "We just had to get the ball and build and trust the game plan, and we did that.
"It was a hard watch to start with but we toughed it out, and that's where the leadership of the group came through. It was all really positive and I didn't need to say much because the leaders were saying it all."
ENID (AP) Flights involving the main training aircraft at an Oklahoma air base have been grounded for the second time in three months as military officials investigate several incidents involving a lack of oxygen onboard.
The "operational pause" of all the T-6 Texan aircraft at the Vance Air Force Base began Thursday.
Maj. Gen. Patrick Doherty, the 19th Air Force commander, said the base is working fast to make changes that will minimize the chances of risk for "the aircrew while we tackle this issue head-on."
The T-6 was also grounded in November after four instructor pilots and one student pilot reported "physiological incidents" due to incidents, according to a release from the Air Force Base.
"Physiological incidents" refer to problems with hypoxia, a condition where the body does not get enough oxygen.
The recent pause comes after the U.S. Air Force announced an investigation last month into problems with oxygen that have resulted in the grounding of some training aircraft, including A-10 Thunderbolts, F-35A Lightnings and T-6A, over the last several months.
If Russian hackers are fiddling around with America's electricity grid, then that would be extremely alarming. It is also what was reported by the Washington Post on the heels of the Obama Administration announcing sanctions against Russia for interfering in a US election.
The original headline read, “Russian hackers penetrated U.S. electricity grid through a utility in Vermont, U.S. officials say.” The Washington Post reported, “A code associated with the Russian hacking operation dubbed Grizzly Steppe by the Obama administration has been detected within the system of a Vermont utility, according to U.S. officials.”
The article went on to cite unnamed national security officials, including one who said that although “Russians did not actively use the code to disrupt operations of the utility,” the “penetration of the nation's electrical grid is significant because it represents a potentially serious vulnerability.”
So purportedly hacking the election (pdf) wasn't enough and the Russians are hacking our grid now? News agencies citing anonymous national security officials as sources is common and it's no secret that US infrastructure has been horribly vulnerable for years. The news created a frenzy, with numerous politicians pinging in with dire warnings.
That might be expected, except that the article was incorrect. So incorrect that not even two hours later, the Burlington Electric Department issued a formal statement which included: “We detected the malware in a single Burlington Electric Department laptop not connected to our organization's grid systems.”
Social media exploded over the “fake news” and various news outlets started picking the “facts” apart. The Washington Post later made changes, one revision claimed multiple “computers” had been infected with malicious code, although that version bit the dust shortly afterwards.
Eventually the Post settled on a final version and finally added an editorial note: “An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that Russian hackers had penetrated the U.S. electric grid. Authorities say there is no indication of that so far. The computer at Burlington Electric that was hacked was not attached to the grid.”
It would be nice to know how the malware used in Grizzly Steppe ended up on a laptop that isn't connected online. Are Fancy Bear or Cozy Bear – which are dubbed as APT28 and APT29 by the feds – responsible? DHS warned utilities to scan for the malware. Is one laptop at one utility all that was found to be infected? If the malware developed by the Russians can be purchased, then couldn't someone else be responsible for putting it on the laptop?
President-elect Donald Trump might know and said they plan to continuing using Twitter to keep Americans informed; they even recently tweeted praise for Russian leader Valdimir Putin. At a New Year's Eve celebration, Trump claimed that they knew “things that other people don't know” and would reveal new details about the alleged Russian hacking later this week. They added that they know “a lot” about hacking and that it is a “very hard thing to prove.”
Incoming White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer hit the brakes on that promise, saying Trump won't actually reveal anything explosive. Spicer said on CNN, “He's going to talk about their conclusions and where they think things stand. He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or was shared with them classified. I think they can share with people their conclusions of the report and their understanding of the situation and make sure people understand there are a lot of questions out there.”
Trump has also suggested that “very important” information should be written out and “delivered by courier, the old fashioned way because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe.” Apparently their 10-year son “can do anything with a computer,” so if “you want something to really go without detection, write it out and have it sent by courier.” To the go extra mile, they should consider using vanishing ink. Maybe Putin can fix them up since the KGB developed a disappearing ink pen during the Cold War era?
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Ireland captain Rory Best was asked after tonight's game in Paris if they had sought any permission from the IRFU to attend the trial of Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding last Wednesday.
“We sign out on a Tuesday night and Wednesday is our day off so technically we don't need permission to do stuff in our own time,” said Best.
“The reason I was there, it's on the record I was called as a character witness, and I was advised that it is important that I got both sides of the story so I could make an informed decision about that.
“Because it is an ongoing legal matter I will not make any further comment.”
Ireland and Ulster rugby captain Rory Best (right) and club and international team-mate Iain Henderson arrive at Laganside Magistrates' Court in Belfast on Wednesday, where their team-mates Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding are on trial for the alleged rape of a woman. Photograph: PACEMAKER
Mr Jackson (26), of Oakleigh Park, Belfast is charged with one count of rape and one count of sexual assault and Mr Olding (24), of Ardenlee Street, Belfast, is charged with one count of rape.
Blane McIlroy (26), of Royal Lodge Road, Ballydollaghan, Belfast, is accused of one count of exposure.
Rory Harrison (25), from Manse Road, Belfast, is charged with perverting the course of justice and withholding information.
They all deny the charges.
Caribbean American Icons Appear on LinkNYC Digital Displays Throughout June
Shirley Chisolm
Contact
Shelley V. Worrell
347.268.1613
***@caribbeing.com Shelley V. Worrell347.268.1613
End
-- They are artists, musicians, writers, politicians. They are the movers and shakers who have helped define American culture. They are Caribbean Americans, and the local organization Caribbeing is hoping to raise awareness of their contributions in honor of Caribbean American Heritage month with LinkNYC. Throughout June, Caribbean American icons will be featured on LinkNYC kiosks' 55-inch digital displays around NYC, including The Notorious B.I.G., actor, singer, social activist Harry Belafonte, Queen of Salsa Celia Cruz, Shirley Chisholm, the first woman to run for a major party's nomination for U.S. president, writers Junot Diaz and Edwidge Danticat, and Pan-Africanism champion Marcus Garvey, and more.The icons on display can be seen at https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0By4Gg8wdq3YkMVR3TkdWVDh1UUE, and an on-street photo of the icons on Links can be seen at https://twitter.com/caribBEING/status/871748666796761090."Despite the fact that the Caribbean is so close to the United States, few people are aware of the many American leaders, creators and visionaries who happen to be of Caribbean descent," said Shelley Worrell, spokesperson for Caribbeing, whose mission is to illuminate the global Caribbean experience through arts and culture. "We're so excited to partner with LinkNYC to help raise awareness of Caribbean American contributions to our country through a striking ad campaign."Caribbeing's LinkNYC campaign is part of the organization's next phase of development to leverage digital media technologies to reach wider audiences."LinkNYC is thrilled to honor the contributions of Caribbean Americans during Caribbean Heritage Month," said Jen Hensley, General Manager of LinkNYC. "Whether it's through access to our super fast, free Wi-Fi or working with local partners, LinkNYC is a platform for civic innovation and keeping New Yorkers and visitors connected and informed on the go.""New York is great because of its unparalleled diversity, with so many communities contributing to the fabric of our city," said Anne Roest, Commissioner of the New York City Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications. "During Caribbean Heritage Month, New Yorkers and visitors passing by a Link kiosk anywhere in the five boroughs will learn more about some iconic Caribbean-Americans. We're proud that LinkNYC is honoring such an important part of New York City's cultural mosaic."Caribbeing is a thriving cultural organization that stands at the crossroads of thefilm, art, and culture. Based in Brooklyn, AKA the "Little Caribbean," Caribbeing spans contemporary culture and is a hub for creativity and collaborations with some of the Caribbean's most visionary talent and innovative brands. Now in its fifth year, Caribbeing has grown into a global movement. Learn more about Caribbeing at www.caribbeing.com. Follow Caribbeing on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/ caribbeing LinkNYC is the first-of-its-kind communications network replacing the city's payphones to build the world's fastest and largest free public Wi-Fi network. Since Mayor Bill de Blasio announced the public launch of LinkNYC in early 2016, more than 800 Links are active across all five boroughs, with thousands more set to be deployed over the next few years.More than 1.66 million people – more than the populations of the cities of Phoenix, San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle, or Denver – have opted in to use the free gigabit Wi-Fi service, with approximately 40,000 new users joining the network each week. Link Wi-Fi subscribers have used more than 1.4 petabytes of data on the LinkNYC network -- the equivalent of sending more than 10 billion emails, streaming 1 million hours of video, sending 37 billion WhatsApp messages, or streaming 174 million songs.For more information and to find a Link near you, visit http://www.link.nyc
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Building work has started on a £1m new self-storage centre in Harrogate.
McCarthy's Storage World on Ripon Road is adding an additional facility behind the existing one, which opened in 2012.
The new building will offer an initial 9,000 sq ft of storage space, a growth of 50 per cent.
It is hoped the facility will be completed and ready to open in May, with three new jobs created.
Mike McCarthy, managing director of Leeds-based McCarthy's Removals and Storage, said: “The current space has been operating at almost 100 per cent capacity for some time now.
“We've seen great demand from individuals, looking to clear space at home or seeking temporary storage while they move home, but we've also seen a dramatic increase in business customers.
“Self storage can be particularly useful for SMEs, providing very flexible workspace at affordable prices.
“If you have varying levels of stock, are an online business or are hesitant to commit to larger commercial premises, it can be the ideal solution. It's also useful for businesses which need off-site space for archive storage.”
Trading since 1970, McCarthy's is a family business primarily known for its private and commercial removals and storage services. Operating across Yorkshire, it also has storage facilities in Leeds and Wakefield. In addition, McCarthy's offers a range of business services including document management, archive storage and confidential document shredding.
The worldwide Zika threat first emerged in 2015, infecting millions as it swept across the Americas.
It struck great fear in pregnant women, as babies born with severe brain birth defects quickly overburdened hospitals and public health care systems, sciencedaily.com reported.
In response, there has been a flurry of heroic scientific efforts to stop Zika. Now, Arizona State University (ASU) has taken a major step forward in boosting Zika prevention efforts.
ASU Biodesign Institute scientist Qiang Shawn Chen has led their research team to develop the world's first plant-based Zika vaccine that could be more potent, safer and cheaper to produce than any other efforts to date.
Chen, a researcher in the Biodesign Center for IVV and professor in the School of Life Sciences, said, "Our vaccine offers improved safety and potentially lowers the production costs more than any other current alternative and with equivalent effectiveness.
“We are very excited about these results."
Rapid response network
Several potential Zika vaccines have had promising results in early animal and human tests.
Several dedicated ASU scientists also heeded the call to action, wanting to use their special know-how to find a way to overcome the pandemic crisis.
First, ASU chemist Alexander Green, along with collaborators at Harvard, developed a more rapid and reliable Zika test, an achievement highlighted by Popular Science in its ‘Best of What's New' of 2016.
Now, Chen may have come up with a better vaccine candidate based on a key Zika protein.
Chen is a viral expert who has worked for the past decade on plant-based therapeutics and vaccines against West Nile virus and Dengue fever, which come from the same Zika family, called flaviviruses.
They honed in on developing a vaccine against a part of a Zika viral protein, called DIII that plays a key role for the virus to infect people.
Chen said, "All flaviviruses have the envelope protein on the outside part of the virus. It has three domains.
"The domain III has a unique stretch of DNA for the Zika virus and we exploited this to generate a robust and protective immune response that is unique for Zika.”
They first grew the envelope protein in bacteria, then switched to prepare the DIII protein domain in tobacco plants.
After developing enough material for the new vaccine candidate, Chen's team performed immunization experiments in mice, which induced antibody and cellular immune responses that have been shown to confer 100 percent protection against multiple Zika virus strains in a mouse challenge.
Producing plant-based vaccines, especially in tobacco plants, is old hat for ASU researchers like Chen.
For more than a decade, they've been producing low-cost vaccines in plants to fight devastating infectious diseases in the developing world.
It's the same approach ASU plant research pioneer Charles Arntzen used when they played a key role in developing ZMapp, the experimental treatment used during the Ebola outbreak.
Artntzen's Biodesign colleagues, including Chen, Hugh Mason and Tsafrir Mor, have continued to pursue plant-based vaccines and therapeutics to combat West Nile virus, dengue fever, nerve agents and even cancer.
Effective but not foolproof
While Chen has been cheering on Zika vaccine progress from other researchers, in each case, there can be side effects.
To date, other scientists have tested several kinds of vaccines on mice — including one made from DNA and another from an inactivated form of the virus.
With just one dose, both vaccines prompted the creation of antibodies that shielded the animals from becoming infected when they were exposed to the virus.
Any heat-killed vaccine runs the risk of accidentally injecting a live version of the virus if there is an error made in the vaccine production protocol. This tragic scenario happened occasionally with the polio vaccine.
For the second research group, they used the complete Zika envelope protein for their vaccine.
Since envelope protein domains I and II are similar to West Nile and dengue viruses, this can cause a dangerous cross-reactive immune response.
Chen explained, "When you make the full native envelope protein as the basis for a vaccine, it will induce antibodies against DI, DII and the DIII domains of the protein.
"Those who have had prior exposure to DI and DII of other members of the Zika virus family may be prone to developing very bad symptoms, or in some cases, fatalities for dengue."
In fact, animal experiments have shown that prior exposure to dengue or West Nile virus makes the Zika infection and symptoms much worse, suggesting a similar risk for people who had prior exposure to dengue (especially in South America, where it is more common).
Chen added, "If you have prior exposure to dengue, and then have Zika exposure, the Zika infection may be much worse, and for men, may increase the likelihood of sexual transmission.”
Chen's protein-based vaccine uses the smallest and most unique part of the Zika virus that can still elicit a potent and robust immune response.
"In our approach, we make what we call a pseudovirus. It's a fake virus. The pseudovirus displays only the DIII part of the envelope protein on the surface. This is at least as potent as previous vaccine versions."
And they are very confident that their DIII-based protein vaccine will be safer.
Chen said, "We did a test to make sure that the vaccine produces a potent protective immune response, but also, that it does not produce antibodies that may be cross reactive for dengue, West Nile, yellow fever or others.”
Week-long series of events seek to educate about the effects of mass incarceration
Contact
Chelsey Bentley Holts, Nakoma PR
***@nakomapr.com Chelsey Bentley Holts, Nakoma PR
End
-- The Christian Community Development Association's annual Locked in Solidarity event returns this year for a week-long series, running from February 5th to the 11th.Since 2014, the CCDA has set aside time during the second Thursday of February for Locked in Solidarity as the CCDA's National Awareness and Action Day on mass incarceration. This year the event has expanded to a week-long opportunity to hear from those who are directly impacted, learn about the greater impact of mass incarceration, pray, and engage public sector officials who have the power and ability to impact change.CCDA has made mass incarceration one of their three platform issues, along with education equity and immigration reform. The organization recognizes the effects of mass incarceration and works to support the individual restoration and societal manifestations of those impacted by this phenomenon. CCDA works to deeply understand the need to confront the systemic injustice around our justice system.The weeklong series of events in Durham and Raleigh will begin February 5 with a viewing of Rikers:An American Jail, a documentary that tells stories of people who have endured conditions in the Rikers Jail, with a panel discussion following. Programming will also include a lunch presentation on February 8 by the Durham Human Relations Commission on the conditions and recommendations for reform in the Durham County Detention Center. That evening at 6pm there will be a prayer vigil for all those impacted by the system of mass incarceration, with testimony from people directly impacted. The week of events will end with a worship service at Shaw University Divinity School at 12:30pm on Sunday. Further details and registration can be found on the DurhamCares website at www.durhamcares.org/ events The events fsbdt in Durham are a part of an initiative where communities nationwide will be hosting similar events. All events are free and open to the public.MEDIA CONTENT:Locked in Solidarity Durham Webpage: https://www.durhamcares.org/ event/locked- in-solidarity- mass-incarceration- vigil/ ABOUT:Locked in Solidarity is the Christian Community Development Association's national awareness and action day in response to the US system of mass incarceration. The Locked in Solidarity events are intended to raise awareness about the devastating impacts of mass incarceration on our communities.
The time is here, on Monday, the Dick's Sporting Goods Open will kick off their tournament week.
With final preparations taking place Sunday, Tournament Director, John Karedes said the course is beyond tournament ready.
"The golf course certainly is tremendous shape, ready for the players to start playing practice rounds, said Karedes."
A week-long event that draws thousands, research has shown that golf has a major local economic impact.
"We had an economic impact study done a few years ago and that showed that we've got as a tournament.. we're putting about 12 and a half million dollars back into our local economy."
With performances like Bon Jovi, those numbers are only expected to increase.
"Certainly with the size crowd that we're expecting for Bon Jovi... I expect that number to just continue to escalate, which is great for everybody that lives here, said Karedes."
If there is one last thing you need to know about the Dick's Open this week, Karedes encourages you to make it to En-Joie Golf Club.
"You can't miss it."
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Kilmarnock vs Celtic
Competition: Scottish Premiership
Kick-off: 12:30 (UK time)
Celtic have officially announced their starting line-up and substitutes to take on Kilmarnock at Rugby Park in a Scottish Premiership meeting this afternoon.
Brendan Rodgers' men boast an eleven-point lead at the top of the Premiership standings and will want to turn the screw on their rivals as they enter a crucial part of the campaign.
Celtic have a host of injury concerns, including goalkeeper Craig Gordon and striker Leigh Griffiths, who both miss out.
Rodgers goes with Dorus de Vries in goal, while at the back they pick new signing Jack Hendry to make their debut; Dedryck Boyata is also selected in defence. Scott Brown and Olivier Ntcham operate in midrield, while Eboue Kouassi is handed a chance to impress. James Forrest and new signing Charly Musonda support Moussa Dembele.
Celtic have a number of options on the bench, including Scott Sinclair and Odsonne Edouard.
Celtic Team vs Kilmarnock
De Vries, Ajer, Boyata, Hendry, Tierney, Brown, Ntcham, Kouassi, Forrest, Musonda, Dembele
Substitutes: Bain, Sinclair, Bitton, Miller, Edouard, McGregor, Gamboa
Sussex's Norman Cook (aka Fatboy Slim) said they are thrilled to be performing on ‘his doorstep' at this year's Wild Life Festival.
Speaking to the renowned DJ, musician and record producer, who lives in Hove, earlier today (April 13) at Shoreham Airport, where they were joined by the Shoreham Allstars, they said they were looking forward to their ‘first big show' of the summer.
Norman Cook aka Fatboy Slim at Shoreham Airport earlier today (April 13)
They said: “This is probably the closest anybody has ever lived to a festival. I try and do something big in the area every year.
“When I'm running and training I run past the airport.
“The last Wild Life, I could hear it from my house. So for something like this to be on your doorstep and to be doing things in your own city, especially when you have got an established love affair with your own city.”
The festival is returning to the airport for the third time.
The event, which was started by Disclosure and Rudimental in 2015, will take place on Friday, June 9 and Saturday June, 10.
It promises to bring revellers ‘the very best of an eclectic mix of dance, pop, indie, hip-hop and more.'
More than 35,000 attended the event last year.
Fatboy Slim was the first headliner to be announced.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
Share This: Pixar's Cars 3 Is Fast, Furious, And Mega Muddy Corrina
In the new Cars movie, the third in Pixar's anthropomorphized auto racing franchise, universally loved hero car Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) is bumped from their top spot on the track by a new generation of teched-out competitors looking to revolutionize racing with their next gen advancements—and attitudes.
Gone are the old days of trolling your fellow racers with pranks like over-inflating a pal's tires or telling them their blinker is on. This new breed of racer is less into good-natured ribbing and more about psychological warfare. Ringleader Jackson Storm (voiced by Armie Hammer) arrives on the speedway equipped with all the latest in precision training technology, including virtual reality (though no one's figured out what to do with that just yet).
In their first race against Lightning McQueen, they throw the reigning champ off their game by making cracks about McQueen's elder statesman status, their farewell tour, and their looming retirement. Only McQueen hasn't even considered retiring—at least not until now. Awkward.
Storm handily beats them and Lightning goes down in what looks like a career-ender fender bender (sorry), their future in racing suddenly looking a lot darker. Will they be put out to pasture like their old mentor or can they find a way to compete with the crop of next generation cars? To find out, they put themselves through a very unconventional training regimen with Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo), a would-be racer who's been told she'll never compete.
The movie, directed by Pixar veteran Brian Fee, will appeal to the kind of kid who likes to see things go fast, get dirty, and smash up in slow motion. So… all kids. Cars 3 features a muddy, last car standing type competition where McQueen is almost bested by an out-of-commission ambulance and a beat up old school bus (with some unresolved anger issues), and a final race scene with an anti-bullying message that hits home. In the movies, mean guys still come in last.
For the parents, there's a pretty sweet Tom Petty cover.
Cars 3—which also features the voices of Chris Cooper, Nathan Fillion, Kerry Washington, Bonnie Hunt, and Tony Shalhoub—brings the animated demolition derby into theatres June 16. Check out the high-speed trailer below:
Marco Mazzoni is a concept artist who has worked for companies like Wargaming and CCP.
And if that mech up top looks familiar, they were also involved in Battletech, which we featured in a showcase last week.
You can see more of Marco's stuff at their personal site and ArtStation page.
To see the images in their native resolution, click on the “expand” button in the top-left corner.
Advertisement
Fine Art is a celebration of the work of video game artists, showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios. If you're in the business and have some concept, environment, promotional or character art you'd like to share, get in touch!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Algoworks made it to the list of Top Development Companies that was curated by Clutch, a prominently recognized B2B research firms.
Algoworks Featured As A Top Development Company
Contact
Algoworks
***@algoworks.com Algoworks
End
-- In the recently published results of their annual research highlighting leading development companies in India, Clutch featured Algoworks in the top of four of Clutch's research categories: Top App Developers in India, Top Android App Developers in India, Top iPhone Developers in India, and Top App Developers in Delhi. Algoworks is a dedicated company that provides clients with software development services in the IT sector globally for the last decade.Clutch is a ratings and reviews firm based in Washington, D.C., covering development companies around the world. Their research methodology evaluates companies based on their market presence, ability to deliver, and more. The most important piece of Clutch's research is their client reviews – analysts speak directly with each company's clients to conduct reference interviews, which in turn verify a company's work.Algoworks' Clutch profile features 16 5-star reviews.The Directors of the company are excited about their inclusion in the list of top developers. Mr. Rachit Agarwal, Co-Founder and Director of Algoworks was quoted as saying, "We are glad to be included in research that highlights many of the top developers around. It is not easy to deliver at the highest standards but we are definitely looking forward to being included in Clutch's researched top firm list again next year!".Algoworks' clients continuously provide them with praise on Clutch. Below are some excerpts from their most recent reviews:"The wcj resources were absolutely committed, and not afraid to learn new things. There were no moments when they said something was difficult, or that there was no value in learning it. Algoworks was committed to the tasks and the learning process.""We relied on them for recommendations on platform and technologies. They were able to answer all of these questions and make suggestions guiding key project decisions.""All project deadlines were met. They were very courteous and professional. They educated me and actively involved me every step on the way."About Algoworks: Algoworks operates chiefly in the United States from their California Office besides having a good hold on the European and Asian markets. Headquartered in India, the decade old B2B IT service firm has expertise in key areas of Mobility, Salesforce, Business Intelligence, DevOps and ECM including Software Product Engineering. For more information, visit: http://www.algoworks.com
In this Feb. 6, 2017, photo, a Chinese national flag flutters against the HNA Group office building in Beijing. Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which operates Hainan Airlines and other businesses around the world, says its co-chairperson has died on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, while on a business trip to France. Andy Wong AP Photo
The Santa Barbara Maritime Museum is in the first month of a three-month process to move the lens of the historic Point Conception Lighthouse from its long-standing perch atop the point to the museum, where it will be the featured element in an extensive and educational two-story exhibit.
The first order Fresnel Lens has been the keystone for the lighthouse, beaming a light 26 miles out to sea from Point Conception, a notoriously challenging area to navigate because of the dramatic orientation change from north-south to west-east.
The Fresnel Lens was first illuminated in February 1856 and used until 2000 when it was replaced with a smaller, automated light. The U.S. Coast Guard decommissioned the Fresnel Lens and, in 2012, designated the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum as its new home.
The museum's commitment to preservation and education allowed it this opportunity, and to support it the museum has launched a $500,000 fundraising campaign for preservation, endowment and long-term education projects.
On June 10, guests were invited by the museum to tour the lighthouse — which is not accessible to the public. Among the guests was U.S. Coast Guard retiree Bruce Drugg, who manned the lighthouse with their wife, Sandi, from 1969 to 1971. While stationed at Point Conception, they welcomed their first child, Mark. For the first time since leaving Point Conception, when Mark was only 9 months old, the family — along with their sister, Aimee — returned to the property.
“We made plans immediately to see the place where they grew up,” Drugg said of their trek from Oregon to Point Conception.
On Sept. 21, they will make the trip once again, this time heading to the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum for the official community unveiling of the new, comprehensive exhibit.
Before the official unveiling, the restoration project still needs to be completed. Heading this effort is James Woodward, one of only five Coast Guard-approved lens experts (called lampists). They were commissioned to disassemble, restore and reassemble the lens and will be a resource for ongoing preservation once the lens exhibit is complete.
At 6 p.m. Thursday, June 27, Woodward will give a presentation at the museum describing the restoration process and the historical significance of the Fresnel Lens. Tickets are available on the museum's website by clicking here or by calling the Museum Store at 805.962.8404 x115.
During the restoration and exhibit development, the museum is open and invites the community to watch the process unfold. For more information about the Point Conception Lighthouse Lens, to register for Woodward's presentation or to donate to the exhibit's preservation, click here.
— Marjorie Large is a publicist representing the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum.
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
This week's Impact Wrestling episode, featuring AAA stars Texano Jr. & El Hijo del Fantasma defeating Impact stars James Storm & Grand Champion Ethan Carter III in the main event, drew 251,000 viewers. This is down 5% from last week's 264,000 viewers for the Victory Road episode.
This week's show did not make the Cable Top 150. Last week's show ranked #128.
The NFL and the MLB brought competition this week but both of those programs averaged less than 4 million viewers on cable for the night. The NFL topped the night with the MLB coming in second.
Below is our 2017 Impact Viewership Tracker:
January 5th Episode: 290,000 viewers
January 12th Episode: 277,000 viewers
January 19th Episode: 310,000 viewers
January 26th Episode: 307,000 viewers
February 2nd Episode: 299,000 viewers
February 9th Episode: 252,000 viewers
February 16th Episode: 325,000 viewers
February 23rd Episode: 275,000 viewers
March 2nd Episode: 293,000 viewers
March 9th Episode: 292,000 viewers
March 16th Episode: 344,000 viewers
March 23rd Episode: 305,000 viewers
March 30th Episode: 297,000 viewers
April 6th Episode: 309,000 viewers
April 13th Episode: 302,000 viewers
April 20th Episode: 320,000 viewers
April 27th Episode: 255,000 viewers
May 4th Episode: 260,000 viewers
May 11th Episode: 309,000 viewers
May 18th Episode: 272,000 viewers
May 25th Episode: 305,000 viewers
June 1st Episode: 287,000 viewers
June 8th Episode: 318,000 viewers
June 15th Episode: 327,000 viewers
June 22nd Episode: 342,000 viewers
June 29th Episode: 268,000 viewers
July 6th Episode: 345,000 viewers
July 13th Episode: 374,000 viewers
July 20th Episode: 322,000 viewers
July 27th Episode: 286,000 viewers
August 3rd Episode: 276,000 viewers
August 10th Episode: 277,000 viewers
August 17th Episode: 320,000 viewers (Destination X)
August 24th Episode: 296,000 viewers
August 31st Episode: 268,000 viewers
September 7th Episode: 227,000 viewers
September 14th Episode: 239,000 viewers
September 21st Episode: 277,000 viewers
September 28th Episode: 264,000 viewers
October 5th Episode: 251,000 viewers
October 12th Episode:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
A contestant on a reality television show to find a life partner has been forced to reveal they were previously in a relationship with the programme's host.
In a dramatic plot twist the Bachelor New Zealand new "intruder" contestant Karina Grant has reluctantly confessed they and show host Dominic Bowden were once a couple.
As host, Bowden is often the go-between for the women and the man whose heart they are trying to won, Zac Franich.
Grant, a 23-year-old single law student, said they and Bowden split up three years ago.
The past relationship has left deep divisions among contestants with many calling it inappropriate. Contestant Rosie Wood announced "it had really divided the house now".
But the revelation was slated as a jealous move by some who called it an act of sabotage that may backfire.
Posted Gaynor Goddard on Facebook: "Rosie is out of line it's not that big a deal."
Wrote Michelle Nolan: "Rosie is way out of line. It is none of their business what so ever. All they are trying to do is sabotage another girls chances on the show [sic]."
"This wouldn't have happened if they just kept Mike Puru on", posted Alisa Matheson.
The Bachelor NZ is in its third series with 22 women vying for the heart of sportsman Zac Franich. After a series of group and single dates contestants are eliminated one by one at the weekly rose ceremony.
Last night's shock revelation may have been the ratings boost the reality love match show desperately needed afterarguably the most quirky contestants were eliminated in earlier episodes.
- NZ Herald
The people of Finedon have been thanked for their fabulous support of a fundraiser for Cransley Hospice.
For many weeks people in Finedon have been fundraising for the Kettering hospice and it culminated in a sports day on May 12 at Finedon Old Band Club.
There were raffles, auctions, bingo, discos and something for the ladies with the Full Monty hosted by Gladstone WMC.
Their efforts were in memory of Martin Deubert and all those lost to cancer.
Martin's wife Veronica said: “There are so many people to thank for their help in raising over £5,000 but I must mention our fundraising team and those who braved the shave for the events.
“A huge thank you to Sally Mellows, Mary Lucas, Karen Hobson, Lyndsey Holley, Sara Debanke, Lee Donaldson, Connor Blundell flight attendant at the Gladstone WMC who braved the shave on May 11 along with Sean Mellows who, although very nervous, braved the shave also.
“And Teri Gough who braved the shave on May 12, well done all.
“The entire village got behind this fundraising with overwhelming enthusiasm, a very fitting legacy to Martin Deubert and our loved ones.
“This brought the community together for a cause dear to our hearts and there is such a feel good factor here in fabulous Finedon.”
The Reverend Richard Coles went along to the Old Band Club on May 20 to present a cheque for £5,000 to Tania from Cransley Hospice.
And plans for future fundraisers are already in the pipeline for next year, including a Calendar Girls calendar and the possibility of a parachute jump.
Veronica added: “All proceeds are to Cransley Hospice to ensure they can continue to offer a dignified end of life service.
“A huge thank you all, you are all amazing.”
North Korea's Kim Yong Chol, center, leaves a hotel in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un sought to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
COLUMBIA COUNTY, Ga. (WJBF) – A Columbia County man was arrested Sunday after allegedly killing a cat.
John Kiernan called the Sheriff's Office on Sunday to ask a legal question regarding killing a cat in their yard.
Kiernan stated that they have killed a cat that had been chasing squirrels in their yard and wanted to know what their rights were.
Investigators responded to their house shortly after the call.
Upon arrival, Kiernan told them that they had gone outside with a butcher knife, made a noise to get the cat's attention, grabbed the cat and then slit its throat.
They then told investigators that a neighborhood dog ran away with the dead cat before they arrived.
Kiernan was then taken into custody and taken to the Columbia County Detention Center and charged with Aggravated Animal Cruelty.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Minnesota is home to six major professional sports teams.
And two of our stadiums are considered among the best in the country.
The Sports Business Journal Awards named Target Center and U.S. Bank Stadium among the nominees for Sports Facility of the Year. U.S. Bank Stadium, the home field for the Vikings, opened in 2016.
The $1 billion stadium also hosted the Super Bowl, Summer X Games and will host next year's NCAA Final Four.
Also making the list: Target Center. At 30 years old, it's the oldest stadium on the list. The home court for the Timberwolves and Lynx just underwent a $140 million renovation. The arena has new digital boards, seating and upgraded concourses and concessions.
Other stadiums up for the award include: Little Caesars Arena, where the Red Wings play in Detroit; Notre Dame Stadium; SunTrust Park in Atlanta, the home of the Braves; and T-Mobile Arena, the new ice hockey rink for the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
Low-cost loans to be made available to SME exporters under a new Government plan could be significantly cheaper than anything currently available on the market.
If the loans are priced at a similar rate to funding available to farmers under a special scheme announced in the last budget, the interest cost could be about 3 per cent. At present the average cost of SME loans in Ireland is over 6.5 per cent, more than twice the euro zone average.
According to Fergal O'Brien, chief economist at Ibec, the cost of credit “is a significant competitiveness challenge for Irish SMEs, and measures to support lower-cost loans would support those firms likely to be most affected by Brexit”.
Minister for Finance Michael Noonan said recently that the Government had applied to the European Commission for State aid clearance for a scheme which would be available to SME exporters hit in the run-up to Brexit and after Brexit takes place.
Similar rate
They said the loans would be similar to €150 million of funding recently made available via the State-owned Strategic Banking Corporation of Ireland (SBCI) to farmers. This funding is made available through AIB, Bank of Ireland and Ulster bank at a rate of 2.95 per cent.
If a similar rate is made available to SMEs it will be well below rates of 5 per cent typically available on SBCI funding, or higher rates available on normal commercial transactions.
Mr Noonan told an Oireachtas committee last week that outline approval was being sought from the commission, which must approve any such special lending.
While details are not yet known, sources believe that the loans are likely to be made available to companies hit by sterling weakness in the run-up to Brexit. The loans may thus be made available to certain sectors, or to SMEs located in certain regions of the country likely to be worst affected.
Tariff barriers
A study by the Department of Finance, published last year, said that rural parts of the country – and particularly the Border region – were likely to be worst affected by Brexit, particularly if it led to the erection of customs controls and tariff barriers.
The farming scheme is designed to help farmers hit by cashflow problems due to price and income volatility. It provides cheaper solutions than those available on the market, and this is also likely to be the focus of any scheme for SMEs.
The SBCI has some special funding from a European scheme aimed at SMEs, which is used for the farming scheme and could be used for the new funding programme. The loans are made available for up to six years, mainly as working capital support.
Screenshot: Fallout 76 teaser trailer
When Bethesda announced Fallout 76 with a teaser trailer this morning, promising more information at E3, it was easy to assume that the new game would be a traditional single-player role-playing game. But Fallout 76 is in fact an online survival RPG that's heavily inspired by games like DayZ and Rust, according to three people familiar with the project.
Those people, speaking anonymously so as not to damage their careers, confirmed that Fallout 76 is an experimental new entry in the longrunning post-apocalyptic series. When Bethesda first teased the game on Tuesday morning, fans and pundits speculated that it might be a Fallout 3 remaster or a New Vegas-style spinoff in a new location, but as Kotaku reported that afternoon, it is in fact something completely new and completely different. The teaser might lead Fallout fans to believe that this is a traditional entry in the series, but according to our sources, that's not the case.
Originally prototyped as a multiplayer version of Fallout 4 with the goal of envisioning what an online Fallout game might look like, Fallout 76 has evolved quite a bit over the past few years, those sources said. It will have quests and a story, like any other game from Bethesda Game Studios, a developer known for meaty RPGs like Skyrim. It will also feature base-building—just like 2015's Fallout 4—and other survival-based and multiplayer mechanics, according to those sources. One source cautioned that the gameplay is rapidly changing, like it does in many online “service” games, but that's the core outline.
The game is named after the series' Vault 76, which has been mentioned in both Fallout 3 and Fallout 4. According to Fallout lore, Vault 76 was meant to open just 20 years after the nuclear war, allowing for a far less civilized setting than previous games. Fallouts 3 and 4, which are full of cities and settlements, both take place over 200 years after the war, after much of the population has had time to reconstruct human civilization. Fallout 76 will feel very different. As the narrator of the trailer says: “When the fighting is stopped, and the fallout has settled, you must rebuild.”
Fallout 76 is in development not just at Bethesda Game Studios' main office, in Maryland, where the likes of Skyrim and Fallout 4 were made, but also at the company's newest branch, in Austin, according to our sources. That Austin studio, formerly known as BattleCry Studios, had been working on an online hero combat game called BattleCry before that game was canceled. “We have concerns about the BattleCry game and whether it is meeting the objectives we have for it,” Bethesda told press in the fall of 2015. “We are evaluating what improvements the game needs to meet our quality standards. The studio remains busy during this process on multiple projects.” In March, Bethesda announced that BattleCry Studios had become part of Bethesda Game Studios.
Advertisement
Bethesda did not respond to a request for comment. We'll see more of Fallout 76 at the publisher's E3 press conference on June 10.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell them when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," they say.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
By SETH BORENSTEIN, AP Science Writer
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that's vital to Earth. They'll look from the ground, using telescopes, cameras, binoculars and whatever else works. They'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space. And in between, they'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
“We expect a boatload of science from this one,” said Jay Pasachoff, a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds.
Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun. The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation, the federal government is spending about $7.7 million on next Monday's eclipse. One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “live footage from the edge of space” during the eclipse.
But it's not just the professionals or students. NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do.
“Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data,” said Matt Penn, an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson, Arizona.
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE. More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way. The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun's edge.
Mike Conley, a Salem, Oregon, stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes, jumped at the chance to be part of the science team.
“Who knows? Maybe a great secret will come of this, the mysteries of the sun will be revealed, because we're doing something that's never been done before and we're getting data that's never been seen before,” they said. “A big discovery will come and everybody will say, ‘Hey, we were part of that!'”
You don't need to have telescopes to help out. You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you. You can go to a zoo, like the Nashville Zoo, where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing. The University of California, Berkeley, is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017, hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers.
Even with all the high-tech, high-flying instruments now available, when it comes to understanding much of the sun's mysteries, nothing beats an eclipse, said Williams College's Pasachoff. That's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes can't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown, or corona. Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun, but they can't do it as well as the moon, they said.
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse. It's the sun's outer atmosphere where space weather originates, where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations. The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why.
“It's ironic that we've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view,” said Fred “Mr. Eclipse ” Espenak, a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency.
And they learn other things, too. Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — wasn't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868, Espenak said.
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics.
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when they proposed their general theory of relativity, a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time. It explains the motion of planets, black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies.
Einstein couldn't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse. During a 1919 eclipse, Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending, something that couldn't be done without the moon's shadow eclipsing the sun.
“It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe,” said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee, a former planetarium director. “Bang. Right there.”
___
Associated Press writer Gillian Flaccus in Oregon contributed to this report.
___
Follow AP's coverage of the total solar eclipse here
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears and their work can be found here .
OTTAWA — The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75% share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana, a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making pot legal across Canada.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year agreement today after a day-long meeting with their provincial and territorial counterparts.
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25% share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as they meet with their provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The larger share, they added, will allow the provinces to “fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities,” which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the burden of costs like law enforcement.
Morneau said that over the first two years, the federal government expects legalized pot to generate only about $400 million in tax revenues, adding that the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working.
“Our expectation is that by keeping prices low, we will be able to get rid of the black market. However, that will happen over time,” Morneau said during a closing news conference, their counterparts lined up behind him.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau holds a news conference after meeting with their provincial counterparts in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
“Our estimates suggest that the size of the taxation revenue is roughly ... about up to $400 million for the first couple of years. What we've agreed at our table today is that we need to come back together; we're going to come back together in December 2018 to look at how the market's working, and how the federal government, provinces and municipalities are dealing with this change.
"Of course, we'll stay very much on top of this, but after two years it's time to rethink the approach to make sure we're getting it right." - Bill Morneau
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting, Morneau said, calling it a “very good outcome.”
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with their Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil, Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan, New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant and Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball, left to right, head to a news conference at the end of a meeting of Atlantic Premiers in Halifax on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan
Ottawa's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $1 billion per year.
“If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model, so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country,” McNeil said.
“The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is.”
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as they meet with their provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs, but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be." - Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao
The federal government has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao speaks to members of the media as they arrive for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
“Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be,” they said. “And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces.”
During the meetings, the ministers also discussed the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa speaks to members of the media as they arrive for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
“We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we don't have tax evasion, that we don't have money laundering, that we don't have terrorist financing in any part of our country,” Morneau said.
With files from Terry Pedwell
Dash Wilder of The Revival reportedly broke their jaw at the WWE NXT live event in Spartanburg, SC on Friday night, according to WWE.com. Dash was teaming with partner Scott Dawson against Hideo Itami and Shinsuke Nakamura.
"On Friday night, following an in-ring injury to the right side of their jaw, we sent [Wilder] to the ER for a cat scan," NXT medical personnel Dr. Jeff Westerfield told WWE.com. "The test came back showing a jaw fracture. As a result, they will be getting their jaw wired [Friday at 9 a.m.] and we are looking forward to them being back on the main roster in about eight weeks."
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
More than 1,200 people have died from illicit drug overdoses so far this year in B.C.
Numbers released Monday by the BC Coroners Service shows that 96 people lost their lives in October, bringing the year's total to 1,208 deaths.
READ MORE: B.C. hits record number of illicit drug overdose deaths
As has been the case for all of 2017 so far, the highest number of people who died that month were in Vancouver, Surrey and Victoria.
Fentanyl continues to kill. The powerful painkiller was discovered in about one in five overdose deaths this year. According to the Canadian Border Security Agency, the amount of fentanyl seized in the first six months of 2017 is 70 per cent higher than the same period last year.
Men between 30-49 years old remain the most at risk for overdose-related deaths.
Earlier this month, the B.C. government announced it was creating a multi-tiered overdose emergency response centre, to better connect regional and local social workers, health authorities and other workers.
The centre will be made up of experts and full-time health staff at Vancouver General Hospital, with five regional teams implemented at each health authority.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
This story is about Published 2h
Texas Rangers give Matt Bush chance as closer in annual bullpen scramble Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Texas Rangers relief pitcher Matt Bush (51) is pictured during the Los Angeles Angels vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Wednesday, September 21, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Matt Bush is in. Sam Dyson is out. Keone Kela is back. Welcome to the 2017 version of the Rangers' Great Bullpen Scramble. It's becoming an annual event. For the third time in three years, the Rangers quickly pulled the plug on a slumping closer. Dyson officially went to the 10-day DL with a right-hand contusion that probably serves as a screen to allow them to go the minor leagues for several outings and restart their season. Manager Jeff Banister said Bush would get the first chances to close out games; not surprising, given Bush's overwhelmingly dominant 11-pitch inning Sunday. Considering that they received a cortisone injection in their shoulder a week ago, he's not likely to get every chance, though. "We've been challenged in getting the last out," Banister said. "We need to find somebody who has the best opportunity to do that. I have a lot of comfort with [Bush] out there. But we're still in a situation where it would be tough to run anybody out there three days in a row. "[Bush] has just come off an injection and was down a few days. It's great to see them back out there. We need to win games, but it's April 17, but we will make decisions on the whole season. Three days in a row would be a challenge."
Matt Bush isn't the last-place Rangers' only possible risky fix for their ninth inning drama
The changes didn't stop at closer. The bullpen needs help. After blowing two save opportunities Sunday, the Rangers are tied with Seattle for the most blown saves in baseball at five. They lead the majors in relief losses (also five) and rank 26th in relief ERA (6.27). Their fix: Recall Kela from their 17-day exile to Triple-A Round Rock. Turns out, bygones can be bygones. Whatever happened between Kela and some veterans and staff members on the last day of spring training is now officially a thing of the past. General manager Jon Daniels said the club had initially planned to reassess Kela's situation after two weeks. They had considered them bringing them back last week, but there were too many moving pieces because of Bush's shoulder situation and the uncertainty about the status of a fifth starter. The weekend sweep and the disintegrating bullpen situation only reinforced the need for Kela's 98 mph fastball. Kela arrived before Monday's game but did not address the media pregame. They were expected to first speak with members of the team. Daniels said they did not consult with any of the team's veterans before making the move. "The great thing about our club is this a high-chemistry culture team," Banister said. "Keone has been a big part of this. Moving forward, the best thing we can do is understand that things do happen and we move on from them. It's about going out and performing and playing to win. The other things have a way of working themselves out." The best way to "work things out" is to start making leads stand up. That has a way of improving everybody's morale. Consider Bush the chief morale officer. Also, consider that while the change was announced Monday, Bush probably became the club's most important reliever Sunday. They entered a tied game in the eighth inning to face Seattle's Nos. 5-7 hitters.
Rangers recall Keone Kela, put Sam Dyson on DL with hand contusion
They struck them out on 11 pitches, 10 of them fastballs at 97 or 98 mph. Only one of the 10 fastballs was not a strike. They got four swing-and-misses on the overpowering pitch. "Given the structure of the lineup and where we were at, you could call that the highest leverage situation of the game," Banister said. "It was extremely encouraging. When he's on, the swing and miss on the fastball is high. When they have a dominant fastball, it's hard to hit." As for Dyson, they go, at least temporarily, into the bin of recently dumped Rangers closers that includes Neftali Feliz (2015) and Shawn Tolleson (2016). The hope is that, unlike their predecessors, Dyson can bounce back to help the bullpen in another role. They will probably take a couple of days to nurse the hand they bruised reaching for a chopper in the ninth inning Sunday then go on a rehab assignment. They may not be able to wipe away their 27.00 ERA, but a break might allow them to restart their season. "I don't think I need to decompress," Dyson said. "I was pitching here. I'll pitch wherever they send me. Same plan of attack; same approach." Daniels said, "I don't think their stuff is dramatically different than a month ago when they were mowing down guys in the WBC and was maybe the best pitcher on that team. Sunday was more of a day when things just snowballed. I think it's a slump. When a hitter slumps, you can cover it up with other guys. When a closer slumps, it stands out more. " Now it is Bush who will get the chance to stand out.
Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Registering business documents with proper government authority is important to ensure all legalities are attained.
Contact
Low Chee Chen
***@lccglobal.com Low Chee Chen
End
-- Registering business documents with proper government authority is important to ensure all legalities are attained. Global Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd. (GCA), also known as LCC Global can support business owners in company registration process of Singapore. The company today introduced company registration services for Multinational Corporations (MNCs) and Small & Medium Enterprises (SMEs), through which they will now be assisting entrepreneurs in company registration process of Singapore and offshore lands.Global Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd. (GCA), also known as LCC Global, is a team of corporate advisors in Singapore. They support global business owners in setting up their companies in Singapore. The company today introduced their expert company registration services for corporates who are planning to extend their business range to Singapore, Marshall Islands and British Virgin Islands. Their teams will assist with a variety of incorporation plans designed to meet client needs in a professional and expedient manner.Teams at LCC Global aims at assisting both Singaporeans and entrepreneurs from other countries in quick incorporation with this service. Low Chee Chen, the Director – LCC Global described their service as an excellent support for business owners in setting business abroad. "The company registration process of Singapore, Marshall Islands and British Virgin Islands is not very complicated, but has to be very accurate to get it done right," they said. "Our professionals are knowledgeable in the intricate details of consolidation for both legal residents and foreign nationals. Our services are designed to help clients accurately tend to the legalities of incorporation in Singapore and beyond."GCA's company registration services include filing of business registration documents, handling the legalities of incorporation, providing information regarding the rules and regulations of Singapore, and many more. In addition to this, the company will also support business owners auditing, accounting, work pass applications, taxation and more. To find out more about the company registration services by Global Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd., or to discuss your queries, you can visit the company's official website : http://www.lccglobal.com/ , or call them on +65 9649 5068 or email at support@Lccglobal.com.ABOUT THE COMPANYGlobal Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd., better known as LCC Global, is one of the leading corporate advisory firms in Singapore. The company offers professional services, legal aid and consultation to Singapore residents and foreigners for setting up business in the country along with assistance regarding matters such as auditing, taxation, work pass application and corporate secretarial services.
By the time the Los Angeles Rams go on the clock in the NFL Draft on Friday night, the Cleveland Browns will have already made five picks. Los Angeles doesn't make its first selection until No. 87, which is the direct result of trading for both Brandin Cooks and Sammy Watkins.
The Rams are no strangers to this situation after making their first pick in the second round last year, but being the last team to go on the clock is certainly difficult. Knowing Les Snead and their willingness to wheel and deal, it wouldn't be the least bit surprising to see the Rams move up in the draft.
Getting back into the first round is out of the question – as is the second round, most likely – but no one should rule out a significant jump from the Rams. Snead shared some details on just how far Los Angeles would be willing to move during Tuesday's pre-draft press conference, suggesting a 20-pick jump wouldn't be out of the question.
“You may give up multiple picks, multiple players that fill multiple roles for just one player,” Snead said about trading up. “If you move from 87 to 45, it takes some ammo. I think the more realistic thing is all of a sudden the guy is falling into the late-60s, 70s and things like that, you start looking at those opportunities.”
According to the trade value chart, in order for the Rams to go up from No. 87 to, say, No. 70, it would take a pair of extra picks. The 70th overall pick (49ers) is worth 240 points, while 87 is worth just 155. That means the Rams would have to throw in No. 111 and No. 195.
Would they be willing to part ways with their top pick in Round 4 in order to move up 17 spots? Quite possibly. After all, sixth-round picks are more or less shots in the dark, especially with so few needs on the roster.
Of course, it all depends on what players are available at that point and whether the Rams feel really good about surrendering picks to go get one of them.
“It's all predicated on how you see them fitting, where they rank on the board,” McVay said. “There's definitely a combination of where do we feel we are with this position and would this person be someone that would come in and provide us with something different than what we have or give us something that a specific role gives us or something that you can't typically find. … But it's all predicated on the way they prioritize them and then knowing how much we can go up or move back and how we value that.
Michael Cohen walks down Park Avenue in New York June 15, 2018 after leaving their hotel. TIMOTHY A. CLARY/Getty Images
Eagle-eyed observers noticed that Michael Cohen used the Fourth of July holiday to do a little housekeeping and they deleted a reference to President Donald Trump from their Twitter biography. Whereas Cohen used to describe themselves as “personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump” on Twitter, they deleted that reference on Wednesday.
Happy 4th! It looks like @MichaelCohen212 has made some changes. pic.twitter.com/FZfC1wKfy1 — Emily Jane Fox (@emilyjanefox) July 4, 2018
Instead, all that is left in the description of Cohen's Twitter profile is a link to their LinkedIn page, where they now describe themselves only as an “Attorney” rather than “Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump.” The “experience” section of their LinkedIn page lists June 2018 as the end date for their work as Trump's personal attorney. That is also the end date for their role as “EVP & Special Counsel to Donald J. Trump” as part of the Trump Organization, a job they started in May 2007.
The changes come mere days after Cohen, who once famously said he'd “take a bullet” for Trump, made it pretty clear in an interview with ABC News that they would be cooperating with the FBI and flip on Trump. “My wife, my daughter, and my son, and this country have my first loyalty,” Cohen told ABC News.
Three lawyers wrote a piece in the Washington Post Tuesday noting “recent signs strongly suggest that Trump's longtime consigliere will seek to ‘flip' on the president, becoming a government cooperator and potential star witness.” Although there were already several pretty clear signs, the interview with George Stephanopoulos was key to reaching this conclusion, wrote Norman Eisen, Barry Berke and Dani James.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is the fight that nobody thought would happen, but Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor has been confirmed.
Boxing legend Mayweather will take on current UFC champion McGregor in a light-middleweight bout on August 26th in Las Vegas.
The fascinating match up will see McGregor pocket $100m (£78.5m) for the fight, with Mayweather picking up a much larger amount.
Maywearher hasn't fought for two yeas after announcing their retirement from the sport with an unbeaten 49-0 record.
McGregor will be boxing as a professional for the first time.
The mega-fight, which will be contested over 12 rounds and which could generate upwards of £500million, was finally confirmed on Wednesday night following weeks of negotiations and months of speculation.
(Photo: Sam Bagnall)
The Irishman currently holds the UFC's lightweight title which they won by stopping Eddie Alvarez in the second round last November.
Now 40, Mayweather announced they were coming out of retirement earlier this year in order to face McGregor who is 12 years their junior.
The Dubliner agreed to a deal with UFC president Dana White last month to allow them to fight Mayweather in a boxing match.
And through their promotions company, Mayweather reserved the summer date with the Nevada Commission this week.
The fight had been pencilled in for September 16 but Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez stole a march by booking the same venue for that date.
While Showtime will broadcast the fight live on pay-per-view in the United States, there is likely to be a bidding war between Sky Sports and BT Sport in the UK.
The former won the right to show Mayweather's long-awaited clash with Manny Pacquiao two years ago but BT have recently entered the boxing market alongside promoter Frank Warren and their BoxNation company.
This March 15, 2016, file photo, shows casino mogul Steve Wynn at a news conference in Medford, Mass. The Wall Street Journal reported Friday, Jan. 26, 2018, that a number of women say they were harassed or assaulted by the casino mogul. Wynn denied the allegations personally in a printed statement. Charles Krupa AP file
(Adds background)
SAN SALVADOR, March 29 El Salvador's Congress on Wednesday approved a law prohibiting all metal mining projects in a bid to protect the poor Central American country's environment and natural resources.
The new law, which enjoyed cross-party support from 70 lawmakers, blocks all exploration, extraction and processing of metals, whether in open pits or underground.
The legislation prohibits the use of toxic chemicals like cyanide and mercury and makes permanent an executive order passed by former President Antonio Saca in 2009 and renewed by subsequent administrations.
Several regions of the country have attracted interest from international gold and silver mining companies.
In October, El Salvador won an arbitration at the World Bank's International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) against the Australian-Canadian miner OceanaGold Corp, which was seeking $250 million over the 2009 denial of an extraction permit.
In its decision, the ICSID ordered the company to pay El Salvador $8 million for legal costs. (Reporting by Nelson Renteria and Gabriel Stargardter)
United Real Estate | Richmond
End
-- UnitedReal Estate, a fast-growing real estate and franchise organization, announces the promotion of Elizabeth Weis to managing broker and director of agent development to its central Virginia office, United Real Estate | Richmond. In a little over two years United Real Estate has grown rapidly in agent count and market share in the Richmond, Virginia, real estate market. United's model provides real estate agents with the latest training, marketing, technology, access to a national referral network and allows the agent to increase their income by keeping 100-percent commission.Serving the Virginia real estate market for the past 15 years, Weis has continued to stand out amongst their peers. They have shown a passion and dedication to helping their fellow agents become successful in their real estate career and always is open to sharing best practices. Weis' expertise, skills and knowledge of both the Richmond area and the United model will allow them to continue to help agents grow their business as well as recruit new agents in the area."I am thrilled to become more involved in developing the talented agents here at United Real Estate | Richmond," said Elizabeth Weis. "The group of agents at our office possess an amazing amount of potential and I can't wait to work with each of them and personally help them reach their goals with United. As managing broker and director of agent development I plan to use my passion of helping agents to realize the freedom they can achieve and money they can earn through the United model.""Elizabeth has proven through their commitment and dedication to our organization that they are completely prepared to excel in their new position," said John Finn, managing broker of United Real Estate | Richmond. "Elizabeth is motivated by helping others succeed and their position as managing broker will help our office continue to grow and excel. Them energy, drive and passion will expand the United name and model to local agents."Agents interested in learning about career opportunities can contact United Real Estate | Richmond at 804-359-9200 Ext 224, or visit JoinUnitedRichmond.com.To learn more about United Real Estate's franchise opportunities, visit GrowWithUnited.com or call 888-960-0606.United Real Estate ( http://unitedrealestate.com/ ) – a division of the United Real Estate Group – was founded with the purpose of offering solutions to the challenges facing agents in the residential real estate brokerage industry. Providing the latest training, marketing and technology tools to both agents and brokers under a 100-percent commission strategy, United Real Estate makes it more profitable for an agent to sell real estate and for real estate brokers to leverage a complete system to better grow a successful, thriving real estate brokerage. Named as a "frontrunner"in the real estate industry in 2013, "part of the next generation of real estate brokers" in 2014, as well as being listed in the "Power 200 Most Influential"in 2015, 2016 and 2017 by the Stefan Swanepoel Power 200 TRENDS Report, United Real Estate has more than 70 offices and over 2,900 agents. Through a worldwide franchise solution, United continues to rapidly expand and was named to thefastest growing private companies in 2015 and 2016. Driven by an unwavering commitment to giving back, a pillar of United's core values and guiding principles, United Real Estate is proud to support and partner with Autism Speaks, the world's leading autism science and advocacy organization, as United's charity of choice.
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit their head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing they knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Bray Wyatt wasn't on Raw this past Monday because they were at home recovering from injuries they sustained in a car accident on Friday. While it appears Wyatt will be okay, TMZ reports that they were cited for the accident.
According to a police report, Wyatt was cited for "careless driving due to their failure to operate their vehicle in a careful and prudent manner." The three-car collision was reportedly caused by Wyatt when they hit the car in front of him, which caused the driver of that car to go left and hit another vehicle.
The report indicates Wyatt was distracted while driving. Although there are no other details than that, it was noted they were "inattentive" while operating their vehicle.
See Also Bray Wyatt Says Tweets Can Destroy Careers
Wyatt was transported to Tampa General Hospital via ambulance after suffering multiple injuries. The Eater Of Worlds speaks to TMZ on Monday and said, "I'm gonna live through it because I can't die."
Wyatt and Matt Hardy are still set to defend their Raw Tag Team Championships against the B-Team at Extreme Rules where Wyatt is scheduled to face their real-life brother Bo Dallas in a tag match.
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
For the second straight year, the NFL will have teams announcing draft picks from different locations. Last year, the Arizona Cardinals had Day 3 picks announced from the Grand Canyon. This year, teams will make their Day 3 pick announcements from places like the Pro Football Hall of Fame and Niagara Falls.
The Cardinals will announce their Saturday picks from Winslow, Arizona, according to the Tribune News.
Three of the Cardinals' four Day 3 picks will be announced from Winslow's historic downtown area. Arizona's fourth-round pick will be announced from Standing on the Corner Park. The fifth and sixth-round picks will be announced by the mayor and Winslow High School's football team.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
YSRCP MP YV Subba Reddy again writes to Secretary General Lok Sabha to include in list of business for tomorrow 'no confidence motion in the council of ministers'. pic.twitter.com/6fsIhkk10H
— ANI (@ANI) March 19, 2018
YSR Congress Party has issued a whip to all its members stating that all should be present & fulfill the required number of members for the no-confidence motion and vote in favor of the motion in the House tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/f1oHzZqbZe
— ANI (@ANI) March 19, 2018
YSR Congress MP YV Subba Reddy wrote to Secretary-General Lok Sabha Snehlata Shrivastava to include in list of business for Tuesday 'no-confidence motion in the council of ministers'.In a letter written to Shrivastava, Reddy said, "Under Rule 198 (b) of Chapter XVII of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in Lok Sabha. I hereby give notice to move the following motion in the House on March 20.""I request you to include the motion in the Revised List of Business for March 20," they added.Addressing TDP MPs through a teleconference, party chief Chandrababu Naidu on Monday evening said: "All the TDP MPs must be present in the Parliament. We should see that MPs of other parties also attend the House and that other parties also give notices for No-confidence motion tomorrow."The support we're getting from other parties indicate the sympathy from all corners of the country for the state, for the injustice it is facing. The MPs should continue with the same spirit. You have support of 5 crores people of the state," they added.YSR Congress Party also issued a whip to all its members stating that all should be present and fulfill the required number of members for the no-confidence motion and vote in favor of the motion in the House on Tuesday.The no-trust show was moved by the TDP and YSRC on Friday also, but the proceedings could not be completed as the House was "not in order".Almost all the opposition parties, barring some, are looking forward to the proposal. This is the first ever no-confidence motion against PM Narendra Modi's government in four years and is being viewed as the biggest test in their first term.Telugu Desam Party and its anti-party YSR Congress are pitching together their vested interest of special status to Andhra Pradesh in the motion.Talking to ABP News TDP MP Ravinder Babu said, "The reason for bringing the no-confidence motion is because our belief in BJP is lost.”YSR Congress MP YV Subba Reddy told ABP News, "We want the whole country to know why people in Andhra Pradesh are facing troubles and that is why we are coming with a no-confidence motion. We have spoken to all the opposition parties. All are coming together. When we will bring no-confidence motion then Congress, TMC, CPM, SP will stand with us. "The Left and Congress have also announced their support to the first no-confidence motion against the Modi government.CPM general secretary Sitaram Yechury said, "We will support the motion of no confidence. Modi government has betrayed the people of Andhra Pradesh, BJP has not fulfilled the promise of granting special state status to Andhra. The financial blow that has been received by Andhra after Hyderabad went to Telangana, should have been compensated.”At the same time, Congress leader Ashwani Kumar said that their party is with the motion of no confidence. They further said that the opposition is united on this. Ashwani said that they already have a strong disbelief in the government. At the same time, they informed that in order to bring the proposal, their party has taken necessary 54 votes.
Schools can choose to offer brekkie, says the department.
Schools can choose to offer brekkie, says the department. RichHobson
THE Department of Education has responded to a NewsMail story about breakfast programs in local schools.
Bargara man Barry Stick ruffled feathers with a Facebook post claiming that some parents send their children to school hungry.
A department spokesperson said principals, in consultation with the school community, could choose to offer a breakfast program and determine how it would operate.
"Breakfast programs may be delivered in a variety of ways including by the tuckshop, by the chaplain or student welfare worker, or through other community organisations,.”
"The operation of a breakfast program is specific to each school and information is recorded locally.”
Last year the Queensland Government committed an extra $1 million over four years to expand school breakfast programs.
South Florida has landed Penn State graduate transfer Payton Banks, a source confirmed to NBCSports.com.
The Bulls have quickly tried to turn its roster around by going with veteran players as Banks is the team's third graduate transfer commitment in the last week. The 6-foot-6 Banks averaged 10.4 points and 2.2 rebounds per game while shooting 36 percent from three-point range for the Nittany Lions last season.
Banks joins Fairleigh Dickenson point guard Stephan Jiggetts and another Penn State transfer in guard Terrence Samuel as recent players to join the Bulls.
New head coach Brian Gregory clearly wants to add some experience to a roster that was last in the American last season and Jiggetts and Banks are potential starters that they can potentially lean on during their first season.
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics today announced that 20 models in its newest refrigeration line have earned the coveted ENERGY STAR Emerging Technology Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The EPA's ENERGY STAR program is the trusted source for energy-efficient product labeling and consumer education. The Emerging Technology Award recognizes products that are at the forefront of energy conservation and climate protection.
All 20 Samsung refrigerator models, set to be released in 2017, are recognized for the innovative R-600a refrigerant system which meets the EPA's demanding performance criteria to reduce energy use and lower greenhouse gas emissions. Samsung Electronics is the first manufacturer to receive EPA approval to market full-sized, residential Top Mount Freezer and French Door models using this new technology.
The EPA first awarded the ENERGY STAR Emerging Technology Award in 2011, and focuses on a different product category or eco-conscious theme each year. Samsung is a two-time winner – in addition to recognition for 2017 refrigerators, the brand received the award in 2013 for its eco-friendly DV457 clothes dryer.
The Road to Energy Savings
Samsung's new R-600a refrigerant is naturally occurring and climate-friendly, with no ozone depletion potential and very low Global Warming Potential (GWP) rating. R-600a requires less work to be done by the unit's compressor, which not only reduces energy usage by 6.5% but also makes the refrigerator quieter than previous models.
Samsung developed the technology ahead of planned changes to refrigerant qualifications that EPA looks to influence by 2021. Equipped with the advanced technology, the 2017 award-winning refrigerators met the EPA's new qualifications of a GWP rating below 15 while producing an energy efficiency gain of 5 percent or higher. Additionally, the R-600a refrigerant has been approved for use in the US market by the EPA's Significant New Alternative Policy (SNAP) Program.
“Samsung strives to meet the highest environmental standards, and we are proud to be honored by the EPA for our innovative and eco-friendly refrigerator product development,” said Byung-Sam Seo, President of Home Appliances at Samsung Electronics. “The R-600a refrigerant is a game-changer in terms of reducing energy usage, and we are proud of the advancements we've made to create more environmentally responsible home appliance products.”
In addition to being energy efficient, Samsung's 2017 refrigeration line delivers more choice, flexibility and connectivity for consumers today. New internal features such as enhanced precision cooling, flexible storage options and upgraded interior lighting are matched by updates to exterior details like redesigned handles and premium finishes, as well as seamless designs to fit well in any kitchen.
For more, please visit Samsung's CES booth #15006, on Level 1 of the Central Hall in the Las Vegas Convention Center from January 5-8, 2017. PR
CAIRO, April 10 Egypt's annual urban consumer price inflation rose in March to 30.9 percent from 30.2 percent in February, the official CAPMAS statistics agency said on Monday.
Egypt abandoned its currency peg to the U.S. dollar on Nov. 3 in a dramatic move that has since seen the currency depreciate roughly by half (Reporting by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Kim Coghill)
A Grovetown High School student has been arrested, accused of inappropriately touching a classmate.
According to an incident report from the Columbia County Sheriff's Office, the victim says seventeen-year-old Kevon Avera grabbed their breast and buttocks while in the water room during football practice on Nov. 6. The victim is a trainer for the football team and Avera is on the team. They say Avera also asked them to perform oral sex on them in the water room.
Avera denies the allegations, saying that they were in the water room with the victim but nothing happened.
Avera was booked into the Columbia County jail on Dec. 6 and charged with misdemeanor sexual battery.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras (AP) — Authorities in Honduras are accusing five federal lawmakers of diverting public funds to their own use.
Honduras' chief prosecutor and the head of the Organization of American States' anti-corruption mission in the country announced the case Monday.
They say the investigation found that in late 2015 thousand dollars were transferred from the government to a nonprofit organization for community projects. Prosecutors say the nonprofit immediately cut checks to the five federal deputies and the projects never materialized.
Authorities have asked the Supreme Court to suspend the suspects as deputies and are seeking their arrest.
Advertisement
The case comes as Hondurans continue to await a resolution of the disputed Nov. 26 presidential election, in which both President Juan Orlando Hernandez and main challenger Salvador Nasralla have claimed victory.
Australia has been accused of falling behind the rest of the world and "resting on its laurels" over its poor results in the decline of cigarette smokers on World No Tobacco Day.
It comes as the president of the Australian Medical Association (AMA) defended the government's strict policy against changing its stance on e-cigarettes.
Experts from the University of New South Wales' School of Public Health and Community Medicine and the Australian Drug Law Reform Foundation, along with GPs and addiction specialists have joined forces to form the Australian Tobacco Harm Reduction Association (ATHRA).
The association gathered data from across the globe and discovered Australia, though once a leader in the area and despite efforts at raising taxes and removing packaging, had fallen off the grid over annual smoking decline rates.
Advertisement
The not-for-profit's aim is to improve public health awareness of tobacco harm reduction to reduce the devastating health effects of tobacco smoking in Australia.
The data collected from the group shows that Australia's decline in annual smoking rates has almost stalled at 0.2 per cent between 2013-2016.
Australia lags behind Iceland, Norway, USA, the UK, Canada and New Zealand, where just last week the sale of nicotine e-cigarettes and e-liquid as consumer goods was legalised on the basis that vaping is a much safer alternative to smoking and could help many smokers to quit.
"In [Australia in] 2013 and 2016 there's been virtually no change. Some people are saying there might have been a very small increase in the number of smokers — that's partly due to migration," ATHRA director Dr Joe Kosterich told news.com.au.
"If we look at other jurisdictions, they've pretty much done similar things to what we've done; similar increase in taxation, banning smoking in public places, smoking health education. All of these things are really important moves but you then reach a point where you're not going any further.
"Jurisdictions like Japan, Scandinavia, England in particular, Canada, have introduced and supported to varying degrees non-cigarette alternatives, whether it's vaping, heat-not-burn devices and snus (a moist powder tobacco popular in Scandinavia).
"These jurisdictions have moved to these other forms of people using nicotine that doesn't involve people smoking cigarettes and their rates of smoking are declining.
"The difference between them and us is they've adopted these new technologies and we haven't."
Australia lags behind Iceland, Norway, USA, the UK, Canada and New Zealand, where last week the sale of nicotine e-cigarettes and e-liquid as consumer goods was legalised. Photo / Getty Images
Last month, NSW Parliament passed into law the Smoke-free Environment Amendment Bill 2018, which bans vaping from the same spaces in which cigarettes are banned, despite compelling evidence on e-cigarettes and heat-not-burn products published by Public Health England (PHE) that found e-cigarettes are saving thousands of lives each year.
NSW joined Queensland, Victoria, Tasmania and the ACT in introducing laws banning the use of the controversial product from July this year in areas including shopping centres, cinemas, libraries, trains, buses, public swimming pools, parks, sports grounds and outdoor dining areas.
In an interview with 3AW's Neil Mitchell this week, AMA president Dr Tony Bartone said there was "still a lot of work to be done on whether they [e-cigarettes] really do help people get off smoking".
"A lot of the evidence coming through now is showing that actually all it does is defer or delay the decision to actually come off cigarettes, and a lot of people go back to cigarettes while coming down to it," they said.
"But yes, we don't deny that it is less dangerous than smoking the actual real cigarettes, but it's about normalising the whole behaviour."
Dr Bartone said the concern over legalising the use of e-cigarettes was that the act of smoking the device "normalises the act of smoking and almost glamorises it to the young population coming through".
Dr Kosterich said the argument that e-cigarettes normalise smoking "is like saying giving a child a glass of water normalises vodka. It just doesn't".
When a smoker puffs on a normal cigarette, at least 7000 chemicals are released due to the massive combustion caused by the cigarette's burn.
Because this is absent in vapour. The chemicals in an e-cigarette are at levels less than 1 per cent of those in tobacco smoke and are reported to be 95 per cent less harmful than cigarettes.
Yet Dr Bartone said it was too early to tell if there were any real dangers posed by the new devices.
"We don't know what the harms are of smoking the vapour, inhaling the vapour. We don't know whether it works as a cessation aid fully. We say, let's see the evidence, let's see the proof.
"I know that there've been some papers written to say that it does work, but they're really questionable trials."
The Australian government's QuitNow website states: "Nicotine causes changes in the structure and function of the brain producing both positive experiences such as feelings of arousal, relaxation and improved concentration and negative withdrawal symptoms such as nervousness, restlessness, irritability."
Addiction expert Dr Hester Wilson told news.com.au that in their experience, smoking "can be highly addictive, it's far more addictive than alcohol, cocaine or even heroin".
"For the people that I work with that have other drug and alcohol issues, smoking generally is the last thing they manage to give up, they give up everything else but smoking is the hardest.
Why smoking was the hardest of the substances to quit, Dr Wilson, who is working on a "Quit Nagging" campaign for nonsmokers, said it was the "million-dollar question".
"The bottom line is it's a really complex interaction that our brains and body has with nicotine."
Dr Kosterich agreed nicotine was the problem but they said that removing an alternative to nicotine therapy "doesn't make a lot of sense".
"The idea of substituting nicotine is not new, this is just doing it via a different mechanism," they told news.com.au.
"In an ideal world, people would do neither, but it's not an ideal world. Some smokers will go from smoking to vaping to nothing at all, and others will go smoking to vaping without nicotine because some people enjoy or need the hand/mouth movement and that's OK, we don't need to judge these people harshly.
"Ideally nobody would do anything but we could certainly do more in this country to present smokers with a less harmful way. Worst case scenario is if you didn't stop altogether, but if you didn't you're doing something that's much less harmful.
"How we regard that as a bad thing in this country, it doesn't make a lot of sense."
The Northern Ireland Housing Executive says it is looking at closing all 33 of its tower blocks and providing its residents with alternative housing.
The blocks, which are mainly located in Belfast, are reaching an age where significant investment is required.
But reaching the required standard will require over £300m over the next 30 years.
The executive is launching a consultation with residents to explore options at each location, the BBC reported.
Consultation was to take place early this year but was put on hold following the tragedy of the blaze in Grenfell tower in England.
An NIHE spokesperson said: “The health, safety and comfort of our tenants is our priority, however, our tower blocks are now reaching an age at which significant investment is required.
“The approach that has been agreed by the Board is to consult with residents, political representatives and the wider community about future plans for each of the tower blocks and surrounding neighbourhoods. This includes the decommissioning of tower blocks over an agreed extended time period and further exploration of future housing options available at each location.
“Once these plans have been developed, we will seek business case approvals from the relevant government departments.
“In the meantime, we will continue to maintain all our tower blocks and ensure health and safety and other work is carried out as required.”
The NIHE has been reviewing the condition of all their housing stock since 2015.
A fire broke out in high-rise flats in Dunmurry as recently as November 2017.
F1 looks set to remain on free-to-air television in Germany.
As the 2017 season ended and Niki Lauda retired as a television pundit, a dark cloud hung over the future of German broadcaster RTL's F1 deal.
But Bild newspaper now reports that talks between RTL and Liberty Media are now essentially done.
It is claimed that the 2018 season opener from Melbourne will definitely be shown free-to-air within Germany.
But a RTL spokesperson insisted: "I cannot confirm that. There is no contract. We are not ready yet."
However, it is also claimed that former F1 drivers Nico Rosberg and Timo Glock will alternate at grands prix to replace the retiring F1 pundit Lauda.
What's next? Will a similar gross insulting poster about Trump, or maybe one showing some White Supremacist ranting about the virtues of Hitler, cause the Facebook censors to shut down those accounts, effectively in this near-monopoly social media age barring them from freedom of speech? GoDaddy (a far lesser monopoly) has just taken such a similar step in fact by ending the registration and website of one of the hate-right-white groups.
What's next? Maybe Verizon will shut off someone's phone for sending badly offensive, but entirely legal, pictures or words? Maybe some university will terminate a professor for asserting that elements within the U.S. government, and/or the Israelis, were behind 9/11? Maybe a government official, like at Google, will get terminated for strangely suggesting their job is better suited to males then females, or whites than blacks, or younger rather than older? Maybe the Congress will cut citizens and NGOs off and even charge them with crimes for supporting BDS?
Who decides? Where are the limits? How does one object, appeal, explain?
When one group or individual is banned as racist, white supremacist, hate-filled, or anti-semitic, who gets to make and enforce such declarations. This vilification has been done in the past with Japs and Communists, with “whistleblowers” and “traitors”, with persons engaging in certain forms of sexual conduct.
It's up to local and federal government to make laws when it comes to what is unlawful no matter how hateful or wrong. It's not up to Facebook or Verizon or any other business or private organizations to make these decision and interfere with deeply embedded Constitutional principles. The last lines of defense are the courts, the independent media, and learned academics to speak up, to remember the past, to safeguard the future.
Advertisements
THREE song clips in there… guess them correctly – HERE – for your chance at tickets to see Daryl Hall & John Oates plus Train at the Moda Center this summer.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital on Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told reporters that the agency faked Mr Babchenko's death to catch those who are trying to kill him.
Kiev and national police had said Mr Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife.
Mr Babchenko showed up at the news conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death.
The 41-year-old is one of Russia's best-known war reporters. They spoke about leaving the country last year because of repeated threats against themselves and their family.
More to follow…
Share it:
Don't Miss
Intel Is Working on Chip-Level Fixes for Spectre, Meltdown During Intel's announcements about Q4 and 2017 earnings yesterday, CEO Brian Krzanich said the company is working to update its processors to prevent Spectre and Meltdown, two major vulnerabilities discovered last year. Krzanich added that the first of those revamped chips will come out later this year. Spectre and Meltdown affect practically all CPUs that have been produced by Intel -- as well as many from ARM and AMD -- since the late 1990s, and security researchers warn the impacts of those vulnerabilities could haunt the IT industry for years to come. Both bugs affect how processors manage kernel memory, creating the potential for malicious actors to access memory anywhere on a device. Intel's announcement comes a few days before Data Privacy Day, an annual observation in the U.S. and Canada sponsored by the National Cyber Security Alliance. Held every Jan. 28, the theme of this year's Data Privacy Day is "Respecting Privacy, Safeguarding Data and Enabling Trust." Despite the fact its chips have been at the center of the Spectre and Meltdown storm, Intel has not yet seen an impact to its bottom line, executives reported yesterday during the company's earnings call. In fact, Krzanich (pictured above) said 2017 was "a record year for Intel," and the company expects to benefit greatly in the year ahead from the corporate tax cut package recently approved by Congress. First Silicon-Based Fixes Out Later this Year While news of the chip vulnerabilities emerged to the public early this month, Intel and other companies had already been working on software-based patches to reduce the security risks in microprocessors found in everything from PCs and laptops to servers and smartphones. However, some of those efforts were slowed after early fixes caused devices to reboot and otherwise behave unpredictably. Patches also slowed down the processing speeds of some computers. On Monday, Navin Shenoy, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, said in a news post that the company was testing a new patch with partners. Until that fix can be released, manufacturers, vendors, and end-users should stop deploying earlier patches, they added. Yesterday, Krzanich said Intel's immediate focus was on coming out with "high quality mitigations" to protect customers from potential exploits. "We're working to incorporate silicon-based changes to future products that will directly address the Spectre and Meltdown threats in hardware," Krzanich said at the beginning of the earnings call. "And those products will begin appearing later this year." Cybersecurity 'A Collective Responsibility' While Spectre and Meltdown didn't dampen Intel's 2017 financial year, which saw $62.8 billion in reported revenue, the bugs could lead to long-term headaches for both customers and the company itself. Krzanich, for instance, is facing investigation for having sold a large amount of their personal Intel stock before news of the vulnerabilities became public. The company could also face a number of class-action lawsuits related to the chip flaws. Members of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday sent a letter to Intel -- as well as to Amazon, AMD, ARM, Apple, Google, and Microsoft -- asking for details on the tech industry's information embargo regarding Spectre and Meltdown. "While we acknowledge that critical vulnerabilities such as these create challenging trade-offs between disclosure and secrecy, as premature disclosure may give malicious actors time to exploit the vulnerabilities before mitigations are developed and deployed, we believe that this situation has shown the need for additional scrutiny regarding multi-party coordinated vulnerability disclosures," committee members said in the letter. "As demonstrated by numerous incidents over the past several years, cybersecurity is a collective responsibility." In a blog post published earlier today, cybersecurity expert Bruce Schneier wrote that both Spectre and Meltdown stem from the demand from tech companies and consumers for ever-faster performance by a wide range of computing devices. They also portend a future where more devices are attacked at the hardware, rather than software, level, they added. "Increasingly, everything is a computer: not just your laptop and phone, but your , your appliances, your medical devices, and global infrastructure," Schneier said. "These computers are and always will be vulnerable, but Spectre and Meltdown represent a new class of vulnerability. Unpatchable vulnerabilities in the deepest recesses of the world's computer hardware is the new normal. It's going to leave us all much more vulnerable in the future." Image credit: Walden Kirsch/Intel Corporation. Read more on: Cybersecurity, Intel, AMD, ARM, Processors, Chips, Meltdown, Spectre, Vulnerabilities, Malware, Patches, Earnings, Brian Krzanich, Top Tech News Comment:
Name:
Glenn U.: Posted: 2018-01-29 @ 2:18pm PT This is unacceptable. Fix it Intel. thanks: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 2:12pm PT omg just release a m.2 co-processor patch Kajika Halkawitta: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 12:22pm PT Great - So maybe the next computer I buy won't be vulnerable. How about somebody fixes my current computers, phones, etc? J. A.: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 12:02pm PT Intel is NOT making chip level PATCHES! A patch is something that fixes an existing product. What they are doing is redesigning their products so that future chips will not have this problem. S.J. Kane: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 10:36am PT With everything that's been reported on this, No one has explained in simple english yet how Spectre and Meltdown infiltrate a mobile phone or computer in the first place, which is perhaps the most important thing a consumer should know: is it by downloading a malicious link, accessing wifi in open public spaces? Someone who has an intelligent answer would be doing a service by posting. ZANDER XOSEC: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 7:14am PT Intel has become loaded with at best (arrogant) middle managers with their heads in the 'sand' at ALL levels. Intel knew about this problem years back and either 'chose' not to react or didn't want to take the performance hit.
When 'we' discovered, exposed and notified Intel about the issue and how we had to rebuild all Intel devices with our secret sauce in deployments starting 3 years ago, when we reached out to those we knew, since then many of those people left the company.
I find it odd to learn 'when' the CEO exercised their options and sold their stock. Hell even some of the divisions at Intel were not notified internally on a timely basis for instance, like the automotive group. As a shareholder, the CEO and virtually (pun intended) the executives that either knew or the engineers that probably knew and were out-flanked by marketing to 'go faster'.
I think a systematic complete draining of the idiots that were not paying attention and who have now created a huge liability and damage to the Intel brand integrity should go find other work.
Bruce Schneier's comments are spot-on and 2018-19 company results will be interesting. For those that are interested to actually understand what we did and delivered to customers -- a system without spectre and/or meltdown issues -- I'll quietly respond to credible inquiries at xoseccyber@gmail.com paul s: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 4:59am PT And to top it off they are still selling these defective chips to consumers with no warning/recall. Rhett: Posted: 2018-01-26 @ 4:49pm PT "While Spectre and Meltdown didn't dampen Intel's 2017 financial year"...
Of course not. Intel is not going to have to pay anything for the problem. In addition, if the patch is not fully effective or has any performance penalty, they will sell a lot of processors sooner than they otherwise would have. The likely result of this gift, not bug, is going to be a couple of years of sharply increased sales as years worth of defective processors are replaced at full cost.
- As noted, a Six-Pack Challenge with Luke Harper, Erick Rowan, Sami Zayn, Jinder Mahal, Mojo Rawley and Dolph Ziggler will take place on this week's WWE SmackDown with the winner earning a future shot at the WWE Title. Above is a promo for that match.
- Tonight's WWE RAW main event from Columbus, Ohio saw Braun Strowman and Big Show go at it until they broke the ring after Braun brought Show to the mat with a superplex. Show previously caused the ring to implode in similar angles with Brock Lesnar and Mark Henry. Below is video from tonight's angle:
The impact of two colossal Superstars leads to one INSANE ring collapse in our main event! @BraunStrowman @WWETheBigShow #RAW pic.twitter.com/bb1WvDRXGZ — WWE (@WWE) April 18, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
New Zealand raced the sun as to who was going to disappear first after being asked to bat by Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground to open the T20 tri-series.
The Black Caps stumbled to 117 for nine, before almost an hour of rain reduced the hosts' target to 95 from 15 overs. That was polished off with seven wickets and 21 balls to spare in a mismatched start to the tournament.
After losing two early wickets, a partnership of 77 from 53 balls between Chris Lynn (44 from 33) and Glenn Maxwell (40 not out from 24) ensured Australia were in control.
As it happened: Australia cruises past Black Caps
Advertisement
The New Zealand total looked under par, given the average first innings score in nine Big Bash Leagues matches at the ground this season was 154.
The visitors went in as the second-ranked team in the world but their seventh-ranked opponents, many fresh from the ruthless BBL, were dominant.
New Zealand buckled under the intimidation which can strike the moment teams land in Australia's hyperbaric cricketing chamber.
The batsmen looked like koalas in the glare of the bowlers' high-beam headlights.
From a side which has triumphed most of the summer, the Kiwis looked vulnerable as the Australians built pressure through 45 dot balls. That included one period of 11 in a row as Kane Williamson and Tom Bruce struggled against the accuracy of Kane Richardson and Billy Stanlake.
Those difficulties were best exemplified by Williamson, who crept to eight from 21 balls, and Ross Taylor who mustered 24 off 35.
Until Colin de Grandhomme pulled Stanlake for four off the second ball of the 14th over, New Zealand had hit two fours with the previous one coming 52 balls earlier.
Only de Grandhomme looked capable of dealing with the heat generated by the Australian bowlers and fielders.
The all-rounder looked worth every rupee paid by the Royal Challengers Bangalore for their services in this year's Indian Premier League. They thrashed an unbeaten 38 off 24 balls, including three sixes.
Bringing de Grandhomme to the wicket at 60 for five in the 13th over, rather than the eighth when Williamson exited at 34 for four, is a tactic that will require scrutiny. They could have accessed 29 extra balls in a period when the run rate was dire.
No Australian bowler conceded more than seven runs an over, but Andrew Tye's changes of pace on their way to four wickets for 23 runs, and Stanlake's steepling bounce as part of three for 15 were highlights.
As a 2.04m right-armer, Stanlake's venom paralysed New Zealand before they entered the middle overs and they were a deserved man-of-the-match.
They had Colin Munro caught pulling a short-of-a-length ball then, once the batsmen had crossed, Martin Guptill's defence was unstitched by a delivery that seamed away to hit the top of off stump. Bruce was caught hooking from the second ball of Stanlake's second over and New Zealand flailed at 16 for three. That problem had only exacerbated at 29 for three after the six-over powerplay.
It's time to make sure your computer is locked down. If history is any indication, we're going to be in for a rocky ride over the next week or two.
In September, folks who were set to update Windows automatically were greeted by Word docs and Excel spreadsheets that wouldn't display merged cells, switched languages and intentionally broke one-click printing on custom forms. In October, admins who let patches go through automatically were greeted by oceans of blue screens and failures in Microsoft's own Dynamics CRM. Last month, every version of Windows was hit with a patching bug that blocked Epson dot matrix printers — and those who had told Win10 Creators Update to wait to upgrade found themselves “accidentally” upgraded to Win10 Fall Creators Update, version 1709.
Microsoft has enlisted a new patch QA team. Maybe it's the old team: The masses of people who still let Microsoft update their computers automatically.
Tomorrow, we should see a dozen or more security patches for Windows and Office. You don't need any of them right away. If there's an unholy security breach, we'll sound the alarm right here, loud and clear.
As I've argued many times before, it just makes sense to hold off on installing Windows and Office updates until the major first-round bugs get shaken out. Let the unpaid beta testers sacrifice their machines first.
If your PC is attached to a Windows Update server, buy your admin a cup o' coffee and gently make sure they or they don't have WSUS or SCCM set to automatically approve updates as soon as Microsoft dishes them out.
If you're running Win7 or 8.1, the method for blocking updates isn't difficult. See AKB1000004: Disable Automatic Update in Vista, Win7 or 8.1 on the AskWoody site.
If you're running Windows 10 Pro Creators Update (version 1703) or Fall Creators Update (1709), the method's even easier: telling Auto Update to back off just takes a couple of clicks. See Steps 7 and 8 in 8 steps to install Windows 10 patches like a pro.
But if you have any other version of Win10, you aren't so lucky. Win10 Home users, and those with earlier versions of Pro, are considered fair game in the unpaid beta-testing ring. To protect yourself, follow the nostrums in Woody's Win10Tip: Block forced Windows updates.
Take a minute right now and make sure Automatic Update is turned off. Then follow along here at Computerworld, or on your favorite Windows bug-reporting site, to see what the beta testers have to say. Yes, you need to patch. No, you don't need to slavishly follow Microsoft's timetable.
I've set the MS-DEFCON level to 2 on AskWoody.com.
LAGOS, March 31 Nigeria's naira currency weakened 1.8 percent to 390 per dollar on the black market on Friday, Thomson Reuters data showed.
On the official window, the naira held its level at 306.35 after the central bank sold $1.5 million on the spot market. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha and Oludare Mayowa; editing by Andrew Roche)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – The Alaska Volcano Observatory has lowered the alert level on an Aleutians Island volcano.
The observatory says Bogoslof Volcano erupted five times Monday night.
The bursts lasted from 10 to 30 minutes and generated volcanic clouds that rose as high as 25,000 feet.
The clouds dissipated within 30 minutes each time.
The volcano erupted again for six minutes starting at 8:17 a.m. Tuesday but satellite imagery did not detect an ash cloud.
Residents of Unalaska and Dutch Harbor report smelling sulfur from the volcano both days.
With no more activity, the observatory lowered the alert level from “warning” to “watch.”
Geologist say activity at Bogoslof could ramp quickly with short or long-lived explosions.
Bogoslof has erupted periodically since mid-December.
In this report, the EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales K MT, revenue A Million USD, market share and growth rate of NonGelatin Empty Capsules for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 forecast
• Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux;
• Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran;
• Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria.
EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules market competition by top manufacturers/players, with NonGelatin Empty Capsules sales volume K MT, price USD/MT, revenue A Million USD and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
• Capsugel
• Qualicaps
• ACG Worldwide
• Suheung Capsule Co., Ltd.
• Farmacapsulas S.A.
• CapsCanada
• Shaoxing Kangke
• Roxlor
• BrightCaps GmbH
• HealthCaps India
• Sunil Healthcare
• Anhui Huangshan Capsule
• Dah Feng Capsule
• Shanghai Wisdom Star vegetable capsule Co., Ltd
• Natural Capsules Limited
• Capstech
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume K MT, revenue A Million USD, product price USD/MT, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
• HPMC Capsule
• Pullulan Capsule
• Starch Capsule
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume K MT, market share and growth rate of NonGelatin Empty Capsules for each application, including
• Pharmaceutical
• Health Supplements
• Cosmetics
• Other Application
Get More Information about this Report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/reports/emea-nongelatin-empty-capsules-market-106
Table of Contents
EMEA Europe, Middle East and Africa NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market Report 2017
1 NonGelatin Empty Capsules Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of NonGelatin Empty Capsules
1.2 Classification of NonGelatin Empty Capsules
1.2.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market Size Sales Comparison by Type 2012-2022
1.2.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market Size Sales Market Share by Type Product Category in 2016
1.2.3 HPMC Capsule
1.2.4 Pullulan Capsule
1.2.5 Starch Capsule
1.3 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Volume and Market Share Comparison by Application 2012-2022
1.3.2 Pharmaceutical
1.3.3 Health Supplements
1.3.4 Cosmetics
1.3.5 Other Application
1.4 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market by Region
1.4.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market Size Value Comparison by Region 2012-2022
1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.5 EMEA Market Size Value and Volume of NonGelatin Empty Capsules 2012-2022
1.5.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2022
1.5.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2022
2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application
2.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers
2.1.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players 2012-2017
2.1.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue and Share by Players 2012-2017
2.1.3 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sale Price by Players 2012-2017
2.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Volume and Value by Type/Product Category
2.2.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.3 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sale Price by Type 2012-2017
2.3 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Volume by Application
2.4 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Volume and Value by Region
2.4.1 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.2 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.3 EMEA NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Price by Region 2012-2017
3 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Volume, Value and Sales Price, by Players, Countries, Type and Application
3.1 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Value 2012-2017
3.1.1 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Volume and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.2 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.2 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Market Share by Type
3.3 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Market Share by Application
3.4 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Volume and Value Revenue by Countries
3.4.1 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales Volume by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.2 Europe NonGelatin Empty Capsules Revenue by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.3 Germany NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.4 France NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.5 UK NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.6 Russia NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.7 Italy NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.8 Benelux NonGelatin Empty Capsules Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
Get a Free Sample copy of this report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/report-sample/emea-nongelatin-empty-capsules-market-106
Efforts to dismantle net neutrality will likely effect enterprises and the way they do business, from how mobile apps are designed to where companies choose to store data commonly accessed on mobile devices.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) intends to vote this Thursday to repeal net neutrality rules the Obama administration implemented to ensure internet service providers (ISPs) treat all data the same.
In the past, ISPs such a Comcast secretly slowed throughput, also known as "throttling," for certain peer-to-peer file sharing applications; others were accused of slowing video-streaming services.
The concern among Democrats, industry advocacy groups and some business executives who oppose the changes, is that once net neutrality rules are dismantled, ISPs will begin showing preferential treatment to some streaming services or charge extra for "fast lane" Internet access.
Net neutrality advocates, including the City of New York, have urged the FCC to stall their vote until the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals can rule on whether broadband services are a "critical telecommunications service" deserving special protections or simply a mere "information service."
The FCC, however, said in a statement last week that the vote will proceed as scheduled on Dec. 14.
If net neutrality rules are indeed dismantled, enterprise applications – including frequently accessed cloud-based mobile apps – may be slowed just as a video streaming service like Netflix could be, according to Jack Gold, principal analyst for J.Gold Associates, LLC.
"Imagine if you're a company and all your apps are in the cloud and hosted by a company that isn't part of the fast lane because they don't want to pay extra. In that case, there could be a slow response to enterprise apps. May not be a big difference if it's just a small delay, but who knows how long it will be?" Gold said.
Once net neutrality is gone, companies should take the time to ask their cloud hosting services whether they are being affected by throttling and what their policies will be for attaining a fast lane, Gold said.
There is also the potential for the rules change to affect corporations that internally host applications, Gold said, as frequently accessed apps, such as those for enterprise mobility, go out over the internet for access.
"At this point, I think we just don't know. I hope the carriers would do the right thing, but...," Gold said.
Forrester analyst Sophia Vargas, who focuses on infrastructure and operations professionals, said enterprises will likely face a pay-for-play model for Internet data traffic rather than simple bandwidth-driven pricing.
Two pricing models are likely to be affected by the end of net neutrality rules: wired and wireless services, which could create competition between the two, Vargas said. And, since there are fewer ISP monopolies for wired services, wireless services will likely be hit the hardest.
"The biggest difference between them is [that] wireless services are priced per data and land line services are priced per bandwidth...," they said.
"There's more competitiveness happening in the ability for enterprises to essentially own or get more dedicated [wired] circuits for themselves to guarantee the quality of service on the backend," Vargas continued. "So, I think there will have to be some negotiation that has to happen more at the mobile level than the wired level."
Enterprises will also likely have to reconsider how they build out mobile apps, designing them to be fewer data intensive and moving to host them closer to the businesses that use them the most – or even caching them locally to avoid higher WAN charges.
And apps that serve external customers with data-consuming images and video might need to be rethought in terms of how they're served to the individual user.
"Is it pinging the network every time or does it push down packages of information in larger or smaller chunks," they said. "Mobile apps are getting better at that kind of design, but it's all based on performance for the end user."
There are ways to balance how images or video streams are pushed to a mobile device in terms of file sizes. But what comes along with it, how it is rendered, and how much is stream-loaded so a user can keep browsing before a device must ping the network again have all been optimized on the assumption that it's not subject to a pay-for-play scheme.
Content delivery network (CDN) providers, too, will likely have to rethink how they optimize traffic for enterprise customers.
"Cost has never been a consideration up to this point," Vargas said. "There is an entire ecosystem of [WAN optimization and performance management] providers designed specifically for performance management for mobile and data center connectivity and all those models are going to break because they're built under the assumption that all traffic is created equally.
"They'll have to change the way they choose to optimize an individual workload or architecture because the design paradigm has changed," they added.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Luis Manuel Medina, a radio broadcaster, was shot dead while reading the news in the middle of their programme on radio and transmitting live on Facebook. Their producer, Leo Martinez, who is also the director at the radio station was also killed. Luis had been broadcasting from their station located in a shopping center in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic, when unidentified gunmen came in
Labour MP Chris Hipkins has been blasted for a lack of judgment over a question about New Zealand citizenship linked to questions about Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce's eligibility to be in Parliament.
Hipkins claims they didn't know the question, first put to them by a friend in the Australian Labor Party several weeks ago, was related to queries around Joyce's citizenship.
Had they known they say they might have given it a second thought, but Labour leader Jacinda Ardern says they shouldn't have got involved regardless.
Joyce's position in Australia's federal parliament will be examined by a court later this month after it was revealed they have New Zealand citizenship by descent through their father.
Advertisement
It was Hipkins' inquiry and questions from Australian media that led to the New Zealand officials notifying Joyce of their status.
Ardern on Tuesday admitted Hipkins lacked judgment in asking the question and told them as much.
"Regardless of what information was known this was not an appropriate question for us to be asking or to be involved in," they said.
Hipkins said they didn't know when they asked it where the question was going to end up, and had learned their lesson.
"I should have given it more thought... probably the lesson for me in this is where it potentially might involve the politics of another country, a little bit more homework and background checking before getting involved would be a useful thing to do."
Hipkins said they asked the question out of their interest in the rights of Kiwis living in Australia.
Prime Minister Bill English also leapt in to criticise Hipkins' judgment, saying they couldn't remember a time an MP involved themselves in another country's politics.
"It's another mis-judgment in the Labour Party about an issue that's quite serious and Mr Hipkins should have known that - there's been a lot of Australian publicity about what's happened to MPs."
Senators Scott Ludlam, Larissa Waters, Matthew Canavan and Malcolm Roberts have all faced questions about their citizenship within the last month.
- NZN
I wrote about Antonio Conte a few months back. Basically, their courage in benching underperforming players and introducing a new tactical system impressed me. Then, The Guardian ran a profile of them with an interview from an assistant. The details divulged kinda ruined my enchantment, to be honest. And some things made more sense.
First, they seem like a task master. LVG style, they stop training session games to talk with players and tell them where to stand. Secondly, their training sessions go on and on and on. That's pretty Mou style. While I think Conte should lead Chelsea to a title this year, is they just benefiting from no European soccer (ala Leicester last year) and will they burn out their Starting XI ala Mourinho's last time at Chelsea?
The recent dip in form is even more worrying because Chelsea, beforehand, was eeking out victories with timely goals.
Then again, on the other hand, Mourinho's approach with United is not without sin. This game raises other questions. Such as – why stick with a single striker formation that benches promising young strikers and why play wide players at left and right back? Mou's argument is that their team creates chances but only Zlatan finishes them. The reality is that David Moyes' single season produced more goals (than this one). They can blame LVG for teaching players to pass sideways only to a certain point.
United's victory over Chelsea was a tactical throwback in numerous senses. First, Ashley Young and Tony Valencia actually got to play out wide. The Red Devils had width! Second, Mou man-marked Pedro with Darmian and Hazard with Herrera. This put a lot of creative pressure on Moses, Matic and Kante.
Guess what. Moses, Matic and Kante are not that creative!
Playing with two strikers also answered a bigger question: how can we get the most minutes and chances for Martial, Rashford, and Lingard? United has been a no man's land for wide players and forwards – we push forwards out wide where they look awkward, we bench promising wingers like Depay, and nobody benefits. Except for agents from the constant turnover.
Thus, I looked at Mou's team beforehand and thought – pace, athletism, speed. Players are playing in their preferred positions!
Still, a single game is a single game. We already knew that Mou was a tactical chameleon who can win very ugly (his first Chelsea titles and Inter's UCL run), win by scoring goals (Real Madrid's La Liga run), and somewhere in between (his most recent Chelsea team). But now we learn more fascinating things about Conte – can they arrest a slide? Can they be flexible in terms of tactics? Can they make a substitution to turn a game when a trophy is on the line?
We don't know. Although I expect Chelsea to win the title and United to finish 5th at best, but next season expect a game of musical chairs for the top teams.
Michael Yardy has been appointed Sussex County Cricket Club's new Batting Coach.
Former Sussex captain Yardy, who retired from professional cricket at the end of the 2015 season after spending two decades as a player with the club, has now been installed as batting coach for the whole player pathway, right through from the junior squads to the professional team.
Yardy was appointed to the role of Under-17's Head Coach ahead of the 2016 campaign. After impressing last season, they went on to spend time coaching members of Sussex's Academy programme and the professional squad at the beginning of the winter schedules, and following this progression, Sussex have now promoted them to the role of full-time batting coach.
Yardy is currently completing their final year of a Sports Psychology degree at Chichester University, and has previously developed their coaching skills at Hurstpierpoint College, looking after their first XI and talented young players.
They played 187 first-class matches during their playing career with Sussex, scoring over 10,000 runs in the process, and they made over 3,000 runs and took more than 100 wickets in their 170 List A game for the County. They also played 102 T20 matches, scoring over 1,000 runs and taking 77 wickets.
Their England career saw them play 28 One-Day Internationals and 14 T20 Internationals, and was a key figure in the famous World T20 triumph in 2010.
Yardy said of their new role, “Having spent the whole of my playing career at Sussex, it was always going to be exciting to come back and help this talented team push forward.
“The time away has allowed me to focus on other areas, which I believe will allow me to offer something different to what is already a strong coaching staff.”
Sussex's Director of Cricket Keith Greenfield said, “Since Michael returned to the club at the start of last summer with our Under 17s, it has been clear the impact they have had on our young batsmen throughout our player development pathway.
“At the start of the winter, they worked with our batsmen on the Professional staff on a part-time basis, and again it has been clear that their skills are making a significant difference to our players.
“To have them now with us full-time in our environment will be fantastic for all of us, and the Psychology degree that Michael has studied in their time away from the club is also hugely important when dealing with elite players who need to deliver high quality skill and decision making under extreme pressure.”
New Commercial Single to be released from MtB Entertainment's artist Marcus Christ Called "If I Die Tonight" for Worldwide Distribution!!
If I Die Tonight (single cover)
Contact
MtB Entertainment
***@aol.com MtB Entertainment
End
-- MtB Entertainment has just announced they have finalized the global distribution of Marcus Christ's new single titled "If I Die Tonight". This is the second single released by MtB Entertainment this year. Marcus Christ's debut album called "Return of the Beast" was released commercially in 2015. I Get High on the Most High is the first single from the upcoming album "Prince of the Universe" that is expected Winter of 2017. "If I Die Tonight" is the follow-up single to "I Get High on the Most High", and the second single from the upcoming "Prince of the Universe" album. MtB Entertainment released a video for "I Get High on the Most High" a week ago on YouTube. At this time no release date has been set for the video for the new single "If I Die Tonight". Marcus Christ was scheduled for 2 shows this year in L.A., but was taken off the performance list after low ticket sales. This new single already promises to showcase MtB Entertainment's artist vast array of talent.The new single "If I Die Tonight" was produced by Dj Exclusive Beatz, and this producer was not expected to produce any of Marcus Christ's music since MtB Entertainment has been producing a few compositions lately since it has access to in-house production which reduce costs and increase profits. However, this new song has already created a buzz. MtB Entertainment is not expecting record breaking sales, but they do expect improvement. Most people say you can hear Marcus Christ improving song by song as they master their trade. Marcus Christ has already been featured in interviews, blogs, and radio stations worldwide. MtB Entertainment's musical releases are available for purchase and download online at places such as Amazon, iTunes, and Cdbaby.Visit MtB Entertainment's Website at:Visit Marcus Christ artist page at:
Villagers have come up trumps in a campaign to help a little girl suffering from cerebral palsy.
The family of 13-year-old Georgia Imray are trying to raise £5,500 towards a deposit on a new vehicle to help Georgia - and have been bowled over by offers of support.
Residents - and local businesses - in Georgia's home village of Storrington have taken them to their hearts and come forward to help with a football fundraiser being organised by Georgia's dad Barry.
“It's incredible,” said Barry. “I'm actually blown away by the support we have received - again it just proves that Storrington is a great community. It gives me pride and I'm born and raised here.”
Georgia has endured a lifetime of struggles because of their condition and now faces two operations over the next year - one to repair their hip and one to straighten them spine.
Meanwhile their family need to obtain a new wheelchair-accessible vehicle to help get around with Georgia - and villagers have now pledged almost £1,000 towards the cost.
They have also come up with offers to provide a bouncy castle, run stalls and provided raffle prizes for the football fundraiser which is being held at Storrington Football Club on May 5.
Along with the fun stalls, 31 footballers have come forward to offer to play. “We still need a ref and two linesmen,” said Barry.
Anyone who can help can contact Barry by email: barryimray@gmail.
See also see https://www.facebook.com/donate/1036701579815388/1037253403093539/
Suffolk Show A Hit Despite Cloudy Weather
It might be cloudy, but that hasn't stopped loads of people heading to this year's Suffolk Show.
90,000 people are expected to visit Trinity Park in Ipswich today and tomorrow.
For the first year they've introduced a new app for the show.
It means visitors can use it to find their way around and can even track down their vehicle at the end of the day.
The Suffolk Show is organised by the Suffolk Agricultural Association and is the largest two-day visitor experience in the county.
According to officials with Transit Solutions Group, two passenger cars were painted with graffiti sometime between Monday at 7:30 p.m. and Tuesday at 5 a.m.
Officials said aside from a public eyesore, the graffiti could damage equipment and require repairs to return the train to operation.
The estimated cost to remove the graffiti and repair windows, doors and graphics is expected to be more than $5,000.
Anyone with information about the crime should contact the Lebanon Police Department at 615-444-2323.
The Arizona Cardinals have had some success offensively this year, but mostly it has been a struggle. They have the worst rushing attack in the NFL. They have allowed Carson Palmer to be sacked 17 times in four games.
Now they face the Philadelphia Eagles on the road and they hope to have the success they had when they last played there in 2015. IN that game, they piled up nearly 500 yards of offense and rushed for more than 200 yards.
That likely won't happen again this week, but there are some keys offensive coordinator Harold Goodwin gave to have success this weekend.
“I think we need some early momentum, scoring on the first drive and being able to run the ball,” they told reporters after practice on Thursday.
That sounds simple enough, right?
Early momentum
The Cardinals, at least since Bruce Arians has been their coach and Carson Palmer their quarterback, have much more success when they have things go well early. Bad starts have plagued them, especially in road games in the early time slots like this Sunday's game.
“I think we just need some things to go well early to get that momentum going, instead of being in those situations where something goes bad and we're ‘here we go again,'” they said.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Scoring on first drive
This ties in to the idea of getting early momentum. Things have not gone well on their first offensive drive in three of their four games.
In Week 1, it started with an interception. In Week 2, it was a three-and-out. In Week 4, it was an interception in the end zone.
They did score a touchdown in their first drive against the Dallas Cowboys. It looked like they would dominate that game early on. It was their second drive when they came away with no points after a holding penalty took a touchdown off the board and a field goal was missed, when things started to go downhill.
Be able to run the ball
This is easier said than done. The Cardinals are currently last in the NFL in yards per games and yards per attempt. “I think the last time we went (to Philadelphia), we rushed for over 200 yards,” they said. “I'm hoping for that. I would take 200 yards any day of the week. I think we're close, but close isn't good enough.”
Goodwin believes some of the issues of protection in the passing game can be alleviated with more rushing attempts.
“I think if the running game comes alive, the whole offense will come more alive,” they said. “We might not have to throw it as much and put ourselves behind the eight ball.
“I think early on in the game, we've got to make those runs go and make (coach Bruce Arians) more comfortable calling more of them.”
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
Attend Lennar's Grand Opening of Fernwood in Vancouver on 2/10.
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com
9492830202 Valerie Sheets9492830202
End
-- Lennar is thrilled to Grand Open their newest community to Vancouver, Fernwood, on Saturday, February 10. Prospective homeshoppers are invited to attend for the first opportunity to tour the model homes that showcase home automation features and Lennar's groundbreaking Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ home designs."We are so excited to present these beautiful and professionally-decorated model homes to the public," said Sia Howe, Marketing Manager for Lennar Portland. "Our Grand Opening event is the perfect opportunity to come see firsthand what our new home automation program is all about!"Fernwood presents homeshoppers with a collection of six distinctive floorplans. Priced starting from the upper $300,000s, these homes range in size from approximately 1,574 to 2,634 square feet. These single-family residences showcase Lennar's new Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ fsbdt home design which offers built-in wireless access points for strong internet coverage in every room.Additionally, Lennar has elevated their signature Everything's Included® package to now offer the latest in home automation products and technology at no additional cost.These include the standard features Lennar is known for, such as stainless steel GE® appliances, granite kitchen countertops and air conditioning, along with integrated home automation products and technology. Homeowners can manage lights, front door locks, music, movies and more — remotely from any smart device or using voice control with Amazon Alexa.The event will take place at the Fernwood Welcome Home Center, located at 4810 109Street in Vancouver. Visit www.lennar.com/ new-homes/washington/ vancouver/vancouver or call (855) 561-9048 for more information.With hundreds of communities nationwide and homes designed for first-time, move-up and luxury homebuyers, Lennar has grown to become one of the nation's leading and most respected homebuilders. Lennar has a longstanding history of building homes of enduring quality in only the most well planned and desirable locations throughout the country.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eight men have been arrested after a mass brawl broke involving up to TWENTY PEOPLE near Birmingham Crown Court .
Three men needed hospital treatment following the astonishing scenes at the junction of Newton Street and Corporation Street on Friday morning.
Both the police and ambulance service were called to the incident at 11.10am.
Police arrested eight men aged between 16 and 61, on suspicion of violent disorder.
Three men ended up in hospital and a fourth man was treated at the scene by paramedics.
It is alleged the incident could have been linked to a court case.
One barrister, who did not wish to be named, said: “It all started when the victim and their relatives were let out of the building at the same time as the defendants.
“One man was left covered in blood. The police and an ambulance were called.”
A West Midlands Police spokesperson said: “Police were called to reports of a disorder involving up to 20 people in Newton Street, Birmingham City Centre, at just after 11.10am today.
“Three people were taken to hospital but were not seriously injured.
“Eight men aged between 16 and 61 have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and enquiries are continuing.”
Three ambulances attended the scene.
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 11.19am to the junction of Newton Street and Corporation Street outside Birmingham Crown Court. We were called to reports of a fight.
“Three ambulances attended in total. We have treated four patients. A man in their 40s with cuts to their arm and head. They were given pain relief and taken to hospital.
“A second patient, a man was treated for cuts to the head and given pain relief and taken to hospital. The third patient was given pain relief for a chest injury and taken to hospital.
“The last patient was discharged at the scene after receiving treatment for cuts and grazes to their arm.”
Never miss a beat
Subscribe now to get the latest news delivered right to your inbox.
TOKYO: Tokyo Olympic organizers were given a sharp reminder Tuesday to raise their game after complaints from several international sports federations about preparations for the 2020 Summer Games.
IOC coordination commission chief John Coates warned that as the spotlight falls on Tokyo after a successful Winter Games in Pyeongchang earlier this year, Olympic stakeholders would become increasingly impatient for answers.
“You are the next host city so the urgency is quite clear to us,” Coates told a news conference in Tokyo.
“It is very important that when you do presentations, you just have to answer the questions and be forthright in doing so,” they added. “It might not always be in your nature, but the questions are going to come.”
More than 200 national Olympic committees will visit Tokyo in November but a handful of sports federations have already expressed concerns over Tokyo's preparations, most recently at a SportAccord meeting in Bangkok earlier this month.
Coates played down the extent of those fears, claiming they were limited to judo, sailing and triathlon.
Triathlon officials remain worried about high levels of bacteria detected last year at the 2020 Olympic venue, they confirmed.
“Triathlon was still concerned about water quality,” said Coates.
“We received a presentation about experiments that will take place for better screening of the water.
“There were concerns expressed by judo as to why their 2019 world championships would not be used as a test event. I think they are going to be used, so perhaps there hasn't been close enough liaison.”
Gone fishing
Coates insisted questions raised by sailing officials boiled down to a potential clash with local fisherman.
“I think it was to do with the fishermen there and how the fishing would impact on the boats as they were training in that area,” they said.
“I'm assured that those matters are under control, or being got under control or certainly receiving attention.”
Tokyo's Olympic organisers have faced criticism over a series of embarrassing public relations blunders since beating Madrid and Istanbul for the right to host the 2020 Games.
Most notable was the bungled rollout of the Olympic stadium in 2015 when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ripped up plans for the venue because of public fury over its $2 billion price tag.
After being subsequently ordered to slash costs, Tokyo organisers announced a cut of $1.4 billion in the budget last December, bringing the overall bill to 1.35 trillion yen ($12.5 billion).
Pointing to the success of Pyeongchang Olympics, where North and South marched together at the opening ceremony, Coates refused to politicise North Korea's possible participation at Tokyo 2020.
But they said they were aware of the emotive issue of Japanese abducted by the North.
“I understand the terrible pain that those who were taken away and those that were left behind have experienced,” they said.
“But there's an obligation on a host government to allow free access to all delegations, athletes and their officials who are accredited for the Games.”
AFP
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting The Girl In The Spider's Web, which completed filming this month.
Claire Foy has said the controversy over their pay for the Netflix series The Crown has changed their approach to Hollywood.
Foy said it opened their eyes about what they are “allowed to have an opinion about”.
A producer disclosed last month that Foy, who starred as the Queen, was paid less than Matt Smith, who played Prince Philip, because Smith was better known.
The Crown stars Matt Smith and Claire Foy (PA)
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting The Girl In The Spider's Web, which completed filming this month.
It is based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander, who previously has been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara.
© Press Association 2018
Fairport Convention have announced the Levellers will headline the Friday night of their annual festival next year.
Cropredy Convention returns to the Northamptonshire and Oxfordshire border in August.
The festival will feature two sets by hosts Fairport Convention.
They will open the festival on Thursday with a short acoustic set then take the stage again on Saturday to close the event with their traditional two-hour headline set.
Levellers, who are celebrating their 30th anniversary year, will be making a welcome return to Cropredy.
The band recently announced their new acoustic album, We The Collective, is due out in March.
New single, The Shame, from the record is out now.
The Saturday will feature Scottish singer-songwriter Al Stewart, while Fish will be making their second appearance at Cropredy.
Other acts announced by organisers include award-winning band Le Vent du Nord, BBC Radio 2 Folk Award winner Sam Kelly and BAFTA nominee Richard Digance who will return for their traditional Saturday slot.
As always, Cropredy will present a set by the BBC Radio 2 Young Folk Award winner.
Tickets are on sale now and three-day tickets cost £135. Camping tickets cost £45 for three nights.
The first 1,000 orders will receive a Christmas card signed by all five members of Fairport Convention and the first 2,000 will get a souvenir Cropredy car window sticker.
Cropredy runs from Thursday, August 9 to Saturday, August 11.
More acts will be announced in January.
All tickets are exclusively available from www.fairportconvention.com
Emmanuel Macron's selection as the inaugural guest of honor during the first state visit of the Donald Trump era this week capped a successful effort by the French president to cultivate a close personal relationship with their US counterpart. The extended trip stands in stark contrast to the brief meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Trump will hold later this week.
"I do think that President Macron has been more effective at establishing a close relationship with Donald Trump," said Julianne Smith, the former deputy national security adviser to US Vice President Joe Biden, who now heads the Transatlantic Security Program at the Center for a New American Security.
Read more: Can the trans-Atlantic relationship survive Donald Trump?
The moment when Macron, the youngest man to be elected president of France, cemented an unlikely personal bond with Trump, the oldest man elected president of the United States, can arguably be dated to July 14, 2017.
That's when Macron hosted Trump for a stunning display of French military might on Bastille Day. The parade, which included American troops, marked the centennial of the US entry into World War I and did not fail to impress the visiting president. They were so awed that they directed Pentagon planners to come up with something similar in Washington. A parade is now tentatively planned for Veteran's Day this fall.
Macron as 'symbolic' leader
Trump and First Lady Melania's visit to France, which also included a glitzy dinner at the Eiffel Tower that Macron had dubbed a meal "among friends," cleverly played to American sensibilities toward the country. And it worked, as evidenced by Macron's state visit in Washington this week.
Contrasted with Merkel's upcoming brief trip, it underscores the perception of Macron, noted Jeffrey Anderson,the director of the Center for German and European Studies at Georgetown University. "Certainly in terms of symbolic politics they are regarded as the driver in Europe, as the leader, and also I would say, here in the United States."
Read more: How France's Emmanuel Macron wants to reform the EU
Macron's rapid rise coincided with Merkel's prolonged absence from the international stage due to German election results that made it not only difficult to form a government, but also weakened their status domestically.
It is a remarkable turn of events for the woman who less than a year ago was hailed as the de-facto "leader of the Western world" — a role Merkel never aspired to personally and one that likely overestimates Germany's global position.
But the reasons for Macron's apparent rise and Merkel's seemingly diminished status with Trump both predate and go beyond the chancellor's international absence from the world stage, argue the trans-Atlantic observers.
President Trump was clearly impressed by the military parade on Bastille Day
'Disparaging' Germany
They point out that Merkel as a leader and Germany as a country have been on the receiving end of first candidate and then president Trump's remarks for a long time, on issues such as immigration, defense spending and Germany's trade surplus with the US. Add to that the fact that Merkel and Trump personally have a more difficult relationship than Macron and Trump — particularly since the much-discussed handshake episode during the chancellor's first White House visit.
"It has been apparent in their joint press appearances and press conferences and in addition the president has said a number of disparaging things about Germany as a country which we don't hear them say about France," said Smith.
Two other things Merkel always had going against their vis-a-vis Trump, said the trans-Atlantic analysts, is that they were very closely aligned with the president's loathed predecessor Barack Obama and the fact they are a woman.
"It's impossible to say with any certainty, but one might assume that the president has some issues in dealing with very strong, female leaders," said Smith.
Tangible results?
In addition, Macron and France compared to Merkel and Germany fare better on what may be the two apparent benchmarks Trump, rightly or wrongly, measures European countries by: defense spending and trade balance. As with Germany, Paris does not achieve NATO's stated goal of 2 percent GDP spending, but it is clearly closer. And at least as important, France does not have a massive trade surplus with the US.
Read more: Europe's NATO members failing to meet spending targets
But, said Jeff Rathke, deputy director of the Center for Strategic and International Studies' Europe Program, the key issue is whether Macron will be able to parlay their personal bond with Trump into tangible results that reflect French interests.
"The big question is whether those personal relationships really matter," they said. "So for example, President Macron has done an extremely successful job of building a personal rapport with President Trump. It's not clear whether they have gotten results from that personal rapport that are anything different than what Chancellor Merkel seeks."
Judging by Trump's public remarks after their meeting with Macron on Tuesday, it does not seem like it. On four essential issues — the future of the Iran nuclear agreement, and extended US military presence in Syria, the Paris climate accord and the US tariffs versus Europe — Trump exhibited a bellicose stance that suggested they were not in the mood for compromise.
Merkel will arrive in Washington for a brief visit on the heels of Macron
The 'poodle' issue
That does not mean that establishing a close personal bond with any US president, even one who is widely unpopular in Europe, is not significant in and of itself. But it does come with its own challenges.
Just ask former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who was very accommodating to President George W. Bush, but did not get very much in return and was later ridiculed as Bush's poodle, said former vice presidential advisor Smith. "So it's a tough spot for Macron to be in because they clearly want to come to Washington and show that this close relationship is paying off."
CoffeeScript, a language that compiles into JavaScript, released its version 2.0 in beta with support of the latest ES2015+ features.
According to the CoffeeScript overview page, this language introduces many features into the JavaScript world, like => and destructuring and classes. The intent of the language, however, was not to be a superset of JavaScript, but instead, to provide a “cleaner, terser syntax that uses less punctuation and enforces indentation, to make code easier to read and reason about,” reads the overview page.
Some developers may ask, why use CoffeeScript when there's ES2015+? According to the folks at CoffeeScript, the increased clarity of the language leads to an increase in quality, which results in fewer bugs. And, CoffeeScript 2 supports many of the latest ES2015+ features, output using ES2015+ syntax.
Developers that are looking for a tool that takes CoffeeScript input and generates JavaScript output running in any JavaScript runtime, should stick with the CoffeeScript 1.x branch. The reason is, “CoffeeScript 2 breaks compatibility with certain CoffeeScript 1.x features in order to conform with the ES2015+ specifications, and generate more idiomatic output (a CoffeeScript => becomes an ES =>; a CoffeeScript class becomes an ES class; and so on),” according to CoffeeScript.
Developers looking to get started with version 2.0 beta of CoffeeScript can download it here.
LOS ANGELES: Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James was emphatic Friday (Saturday in Manila) in calling a report linking them to a possible move to the Golden State Warriors as a free agent was “nonsense”.
The three-time NBA champion, speaking to reporters after Cavaliers practice, said their first reaction to Wednesday's ESPN report that said James would consider meeting with the Warriors was laughter.
But it was clear they didn't think the topic was, in fact, a laughing matter.
“It's nonsense,” said James, who can opt out of their contract and become a free agent when this season concludes. “It's a non-story. I think it's a discredit to what I'm trying to do here.
“My focus right now is trying to figure out how we can become a championship caliber team over these next few months.”
Cleveland are currently third in the NBA's Eastern Conference and coming off a tough January that saw them finish 6-8 in the month and lose Kevin Love to a broken hand that will sideline them some eight weeks.
The Cavaliers have played the Warriors in the last three NBA Finals, falling in 2015 and last year and triumphing in 2016 to give James a third championship after they won two with the Miami Heat.
The four-time NBA Most Valuable Player said they knew it was inevitable that speculation over whether they might choose to again leave Cleveland as a free agent was inevitable, but they thought that put an unfair burden on their teammates.
“For them to have to hear that stuff every single day about my free agency, I apologize to them,” James said, adding that they would handle their “summer situation when my summer gets here”.
In the meantime, they advised against putting stock in second-hand reports.
“If you don't hear something coming from my voice, then it's not true,” they said. “I don't give a damn how close they are, if it's my kids, my wife or whatever. If it's not from me, it's not true.”
James famously departed Cleveland for Miami as a free agent in July of 2010.
In June of 2014 they opted out of their contract with the Heat and returned to Cleveland as an unrestricted free agent.
AFP
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — Three more Russian athletes, including an Olympic silver medalist, have filed appeals at the Court of Arbitration for Sport against their sanctions for doping at the 2014 Sochi Games.
The court said the three are biathlete Olga Zaitseva, who won silver in the women's relay, and cross-country skiers Yulia Chekaleva and Anastasia Dotsenko.
The three were disqualified from the Sochi Olympics and banned from all future games last week by the International Olympic Committee. That followed investigations into doping by Russian athletes and tampering with their drug-test samples during the Sochi Games.
CAS has so far registered 25 appeals brought by Russian athletes against disqualifications from the 2014 Olympics.
1 2 22nd ALS Annual Golf Tournament 22nd ALS Annual Golf Tournament Sponsors
End
-- Shamrock Financial was the proud title sponsor of the 22nd annual golf tournament for the Rhode Island chapter of the ALS association.The ALS golf tournament raises funds for the Rhode Island chapter of the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Association . ALS is a neurodegenerative disease that progressively affects nerve cells in both the spinal cord and brain. It affects voluntary muscle movement, eventually resulting in death. This chapter was created in May 1990 to assist those people living with ALS as well as their caregivers. Proceeds cover many aspects in the fight against ALS, including research, advocacy, education, and community services.The ALS golf tournament event took place at the elegant Wannamoisett Country Club . Located in Rumford, Rhode Island, the country club was founded in the early 1900s and has been ranked as the top golf course in Rhode Island. Even better, it offers tennis, swimming, as well as fine and casual dining. Wannamoisett was pleased to be the venue again for this incredible event.This year's tournament featured a four-person Texas scramble, a gourmet deli lunch and reception, an elegant dinner, raffle, plus live and silent auctions. In all, this tournament raised more than $61,000 for ALS!Shamrock Financial was proud is being the title sponsor for this tournament. Shalimar Albanese, Director of Marketing and Client Delight, stated, "It is such a privilege to be able to host members of the local Rumford community and supporters of ALS in the annual ALS golf tournament. We are thrilled to be able to play at such an amazing golf course and work with the fantastic staff and volunteers. Thank you to everyone who made this day a success."Founded in 1989, Shamrock Financial is a privately owned direct mortgage lender licensed in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Hampshire, New York, Maine, Virginia, and Florida.
David Ancheta sustained their hot start with a stronger finish, winning their last three games to clinch the kiddies crown via sweep while Adrian Yulo and Ahmad Ali Azote took the two other titles in the Shell National Youth Active Chess Championship's Northern Mindanao leg at SM City in Cagayan de Oro last Sunday.
Ancheta, who racked up six straight victories in the opening round of the two-day tournament, repelled Prince Mella in a duel of top bets in the seventh round then the Corpus Christi School ace outplayed Kiel Villa and Joel Hoy to complete their domination of the 7-12 age group of the third leg of the five-stage regional circuit culminating in the grand finals in October.
Joseph dela Rama of City Central School also hurdled their last three games, including a final round victory over Kurt Managase, to finish solo second with eight points and nail the other berth in the grand finals set Oct. 7-8 at SM Mall of Asia.
Yulo, who also swept their first six games in the juniors division, crushed Mary Joy Tan at resumption then settled for draws against Ronald Canino and Clyde Saraos to capture the crown on an eight-point output. Canino scored 7.5 points to place second and gain a berth in the grand finals.
Meanwhile, Walter Raagas, Terminal Manager of Shell's North Mindanao Import Facility (NMIF), graced the awards rites of the country's longest talent-search sponsored by Pilipinas Shell for the 25th year and sanctioned by the National Chess Federation of the Philippines.
Azote, locked in a three-way tie with Romeo Canino and Emmanuel Acierto after six rounds in the seniors division, defeated Acierto, Arden Abiad and Marc Villarojo then watched Romeo Canino drop their eighth round match to Acierto to emerge solo winner with eight points. Acierto took the runner-up honors and a seat in the national finals with seven points.
Also making it to the national finals are the top female players, including Rhea Jean Canino of Kauswagan Central School, Mary Joy Tan of Jasaan National HS and Zsuzsa Grace Tabudlong of University of Mindanao (Davao City).
Canino closed out with seven points to gain top honors in the kiddies side; Tan also pooled seven points in the juniors division; while Tabudlong wound up with 5.5 points in the seniors category.
Meanwhile, Davao will host the next leg on Sept. 2-3 for the Southern Mindanao stage, also at SM City, before the regional elims winds up in Cebu for the Visayas qualifier on Sept.16-17 at SM City. The circuit is backed by Shell V-Power, Shell Advance, Shell Rimula, Shell Helix, Shell Fuel Save, and Shell Card and held in partnership with SM Supermalls.
At Last!… Men Health Specialist Reveals NAFDAC approved Supplement That Cures Premature ejaculation, Helps You Last up to 25minutes During Sex with Your woman – and also an Indian Oil that Helps You Increase Your Manhood size up to
3.5inches within 3 weeks or fewer!
From: Tunde Akomolafe
Men Sexual Health Expert
Dear Cousin,
How Long Will You Keep On Ejaculating Before They Want You Ejaculate And Thus Keep On Losing Your Dignity, Self-esteem And Manly Pride?
How Long Will You Keep On Swallowing Viagra, Jedi, 7 rounder, tramadol Other nonsense not approved pills and PUT everything on Risk———your Kidneys, Heart and Even life?
How long will You keep on losing Precious moments of pleasures of active Love-making by ejaculating within few minutes biko?
Cousin, would you like to finally have access to a 100% natural method that you will use to last longer in bed, and a top secret for getting a bigger and longer penis, then this will be the most important letter you will ever read this year!
Until 9 months ago I used to be very unhappy.
Why You may ask?
My life has been filled with disappointment, heartbreak and shame…weak erection and quick ejaculation dealt with me seriously to God o.
It got to a stage I stopped asking ladies out, because my last girlfriend left me due to this less than one minute poor sex performance.
I couldn't even do my manly do duty even with all the wealth I had
With family disturbance and granny claiming they need a grandson I had found a beautiful at my work place and propose to, Even I had to lie to them severally…
I told them In my family it is forbidden to have sex without getting married first do you know I sex starve Juliet till we finally wed lol
Big time Trouble started 3 months into our marriage. Poor sex performance with my wife in the oza room.
i could not have an erection stay for just 5minutes.
It was that bad. And worst part my woman is heavily, Most time to shameless deny their sex due to my poor performances I will just start fighting them unnecessary just because I can't satisfy them enough anytime they demand for my manly duty in the other room.
It now dawns to me if we keep going like this Lasisi my driver will one day be seduced to perform my manly duty by my wife then I decided to face my problem squarely, I took every sort of concoction like abo, seven rounder, jedi, you just name it, most of them even made it worse.
Just like you, I also wasted lots of cash trying several things… but the results were always the same. Nothing to show for it.
You see, I continued struggling with these 2 big sexual problems, until one day, I came in contact with a Man sexual health specialist doctor that arrived from the United States during a workshop organized by the company I worked for.
Doctor, implore me to a particular herbal solution that is not seen in pharmacies yet But NAFDAC approved and highly effective in correction of the root cause of my weak erection and quick ejaculation.
With so much doubt in my heart I got the pack, 20 capsules in a pack.
They directed that I use it twice daily days straight and it was a curative measure. Lo and behold on the 3rd day to God and man I started seeing drastical changes, my erection in the morning became harder and bigger.
By the Sunday of that week, my wife confirms me as the real MVP.
Best part is that it is completely herbal and approved, I did not even have headache when using the treatment.
It still baffles me HOW simple the solution was… In fact, I doubted it…I thought maybe it another avenue to waste my money
But GLORY TO GOD IT WORKS OUT
Cousin, There are special herbal products that are approved by NAFDAC and they actually work if you administer them professionally.
But there is this herbal supplement that is highly effective and can raise even a dead man's manhood when used properly
This special herbal mixture is approved by NAFDAC and it is a combination of 3 very powerful medicinal herbs that your great grandfather probably knew and used to satisfy their multiple wives even till old age back then.
I call it Libiron Herbal Capsule
Let me introduce you to this 100 percent natural Herbal solution that cures the root cause of weak erection and increase stamina on bed, helping you to last up to 35 minutes on first round
I suffered for so many years finding a long lasting solution to my sexual problem no matter how Hard I tried until I was introduced to Libiron Herbal Capsule.
From Lasting 5 minutes To Lasting Up To at least 35 Minutes In Bed!
Libiron herbal capsule is a Natural Herbal Supplement that helps you last longer, get steady hard rock erections for extra rounds of sex, corrects
weakness of the penis and also helps boost sperm count and libido.
The 20 capsules inside a container of libiron herbal capsule will help you
completely cure your quick ejaculation problem!
NO SIDE EFFECT OF ANY KIND Approved By NAFDAC A7-5794L
The Libiron Herbal Capsule Kill Premature Ejaculation permanently
Use Libiron Herbal Capsule today and say Bye Bye to your sexual worries for ever and ever.
Libiron Herbal Capsule is Approved by NAFDAC
With Registration Number A7-5794L
libiron herbal capsule is made from natural herbal ingredients that helps you last longer for up to 25minutes during sex.
libiron herbal capsule enhances and improves your erection, so you can stay hard and strong, and have better penetration during sex.
Suffering from watery sperm or low sperm count? libiron herbal capsule helps you improve your libido, and also cure watery sperm, so as to make it thick and increase sperm count. The thickness of semen and normal count of sperms is an indication of a healthy man. Libiron herbal capsule will help restore your system.
No more embarrassing yourself or disappointing your woman due to cumming quickly…
Because,
You Start to See Results… IMMEDIATELY!
See unsolicited testimonies:
Sir, the first 3weeks of using your mk enlargement oil, and I have gained about about 2 inches and also my penis is now thicker. Too bad that I was suffering in silence for all this year's because on my quick ejaculation problem.
My fiancée almost broke up our relationship because they said I was too weak in bed. But now they want us to have sex every night they spend in my place, since I started using that your libiron herbal capsule cos it helps me last up to 20minutes and they like it. It's very effective. Thanks for helping men like us get this ur wonderful product. Henry, Portharcout.
Here's another testimonial from a satisfied customer…
I must confess that before came across your article online, my quick ejaculation condition was something I was really ashamed of. I tried some stuff that didn't work so I was doubtful. But my wife said we shouldn't give up and even they advised me to go ahead and try your libiron herbal capsule. Now from lasting just 3 minutes with my woman before, I have started using libiron and gradually I now last for about 25mins to 30 mins during sex with my wife, besides my penis is always ready to go another round with them My self confidence in the bedroom is back and I am enjoying sex and my marriage once again. Pastor. Osasuwa, Auchi Edo
Yet another feedback from Kabiru in Kano…
“Your MK enlargement oil is working” I've been using your MK enlargement oil for 2 weeks now. Need to let you know that your product are really working. I only use the enlargement oil 3 times in a week because am not really chanced due to the nature of my job. Since then I have gained about .5 inches and my penis is becoming thick. Now my girlfriend is experiencing a new me. I know with time my penis will become bigger using this enlargement oil. Thanks for your help bro. I will order the product for one of my colleague and friend soon because they have been experiencing same problem too. Thanks for your help bro. Kabiru, (Kano)
Have you ever wanted to increase your man-hood size without pills and make the enlargement permanently no shrinking? This Indian made enlargement oil is the answer.
“Guess what this is the Indian Penis Enlargement Oil That I Used to Increase the Size of My Penis…and has help thousands of Nigerian men
Believe me; Cousin, I had to re-measure my formal 4inch manhood at first several times to make sure I wasn't dreaming.
The formal thing I called penis had increased from the tiny 4 inches to a surprising 5.6 inches… in less than 3 weeks!
Now, I know you can't wait to lay your hands on these GUARANTEED solutions…
Hence, I'm ready to further make it easier and cheaper for you; if not for anything, to show you that the solutions actually work and will work for you guaranteed. We have few in stock * If you are getting just the LIbiron herbal capsule, you will pay N15,000…
* While if you are getting the MK Penis Enlargement oil, you will be paying just N13,000 only…
But there's even more… to make this easier and affordable for you, if you are getting the 2 products, you will have access to a N6,000 discount.
That means to get both Libiron herbal capsule and MK Enlargement oil, you only pay N22,000.
Yes, you no longer pay the normal price of N28,000… just N22,000 for the 2 products and the entire thing is packaged discreetly and sent to you wherever you are in Nigeria.
I must warn you, the products will are not going to be
this is cheap… after the available stocks are sold out.
So you need to hurry, act fast, place order and get these solutions right now…
No worries at all, to completely eliminate your fear of getting the product delivered to you after payment, you will have access to “Payment on Delivery Option”
You will pay for the products only when it
has been brought down to you face to face
by our courier service agent.
Pay on Delivery Option Available
to All States in Nigeria
Here's How to Order and Your own
Libiron herbal capsule& MK OIL
at a Discount Price today Depending on the product that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for only “Libiron herbal capsule” … indicate the code “Libiron” in your text message… *If you are ordering for only “MK Enlargement Oil” …
indicate it “MK OIL” in your text message… *If you want to order for the 2 products together…
text “Libiron AND MK OIL”… Libiron herbal capsule ONLY – N15,000
MK OIL ONLY – N13,000
Libiron & MK OIL – N22,000 Here's what to send to us… Text the CODE with the following information below… 1. Your Full Name
2. Your Phone Number
3. Delivery Address (Traceable Address) Send This Information as a text message to 08068412159 Please Note: Your address Must Include Local Government and State. Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier company that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIME Once we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive an sms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier service partner and the items should get to you within 3-5 Days. If you have any question about this outside the information given on this website already, please kindly call us on 08068412159
Remember, this is an opportunity to finally get access to the products that increases your sexual performance, helps you get hard erections and a much bigger penis that will satisfy your woman.
Ensure you place your order now.
Your Men's health specialist and Cousin,
Tunde Akomolafe
08068412159.
A Co Londonderry pastor has urged Christians to ‘take back the rainbow,' claiming it was hijacked by the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) movement for use in the Gay Pride flag in the 1970s.
In a recent sermon, Rev Jonathan Campbell of Newbuildings Independent Methodist Church claimed God had the original copyright on the meteorological phenomenon.
They cited chapter 9, verse 4 of the book of Genesis in the Christian Bible in support of their argument.
The verse reads: “I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.”
Rev Campbell made the comments as ‘Gay Pride' festivals were being celebrated or under preparation all over Ireland: Foyle Pride celebrates its 24th birthday from August 19 to 26.
Said Rev. Campbell: “God is saying, it's my rainbow. It belongs to me. And it does. They own the copyright for the rainbow. The copyright for the rainbow belongs to almighty God. Not to the LGBT movement.”
They pointed to the example of Australian Christian fundamentalist, Ken Ham, who's famed for having built a model of Noah's Ark - branded the ‘Ark Encounter' - alongside a creationist museum in western Kentucky. Mr Ham recently “called for Christians to take back the rainbow”.
“He has led by example because they have lit up the Ark Encounter by the colours of the rainbow,” said Rev Campbell in the sermon published on SermonAudio, “the largest and most trusted library of audio sermons from conservative churches and ministries worldwide”.
They added: “Don't worry. Ken Ham isn't promoting the gay lifestyle. They haven't changed their tune.
“But he's pointing people back to the owner of the rainbow and they are taking back the rainbow and they are saying, in a sense, hands off the rainbow, and that must be our message tonight. Hands off the rainbow because it belongs to God.”
The rainbow's been used by a variety of political, religious and ethnic groups over the decades but has been most closely associated with Gay Pride since its adoption by the LGBT movement in the 1970s.
In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney. (Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP)
Seems like there's an intriguing leak per day over at the Mustang6G forum, which on Monday had posted a photo that seemed to pretty much cinch the existence of a 2018 Bullitt Mustang . Now, the forum has posted what it says are Ford documents and pictures that seem to confirm a supercharged 5.2-liter engine is headed for the 2019 GT500 — no mere Coyote, but the one they call the "Predator."Forum member Super Werty posted the first images of this engine, showing the supercharger nestled below the intercooler of the intake manifold.A document titled "2020 MY North America Vehicle Program – Engine Oil Requirements" has a footnote that indicates the next GT500 engine gets the Eaton-supercharged cross plane version of Ford's 5.2L engine. We know this because the chart says it will require 5W50 oil.An image posted in the thread by Mustang6G member dwalker might show the GT500's brakes, which the forum has previously reported will be massive true two-piece rotors that are larger than those on the GT350. Spy photos have shown 20-inch wheels and massive tires (315s at the rear). The GT500 could have output in Dodge Demon territory, with potentially over 800 horsepower, and may have a dual clutch transmission derived from the Ford GT's seven-speed.
Phase 1 - IoE Graphic
End
--SELECT for Cities has unveiled ten winners from the 28 responses received by its global call for tenders. The European project aims to deliver a city-wide open innovation platform for the public sector and beyond by supporting the effective use of Internet-of-Everything data and technology. It is achieving its aims using a new type of procurement called Pre-Commercial Procurement (PCP).Directed by the cities of Antwerp, Copenhagen and Helsinki, the PCP procurement is different to traditional methods as it is run through a series of three competitive phases, with the number of participating organisations reducing, but funding levels increasing, as each phase is evaluated. The phases range from design through to prototyping and testing of the solutions. This competitive approach challenges industry from the demand side to develop innovative solutions for public sector needs, whilst enabling procurers to compare alternative potential solution approaches to filter out the best possible solutions that the market can deliver.Starting the first phase of the SELECT for Cities challenge the following organisations/consortia from across Europe will deliver the concept design for their proposed Internet-of-Everything (IoE) platform solution.* Team Bosonit S.L (lead contractor) – Spain* Team etventure Corporate Innovation GmbH (lead contractor) – Germany* Hop Ubiquitous S.L. (single contractor) - Spain* Indra Sistemas S.A. (single contractor) – Spain* Team Engineering, Ingegneria Informatica S.P.A. (lead contractor) – Italy* Team Magenta srl (lead contractor) – Italy* Team Martel GmbH (lead contractor) – Switzerland* Team University of Florence – Department of Information Engineering (lead contractor) - Italy* Team Urban Software Institute GmbH (lead contractor) – Germany* WINGS ICT Solution (single contractor) – Greece"We would like to thank all the companies and consortia who entered a proposal. The quality of responses is phenomenal and showcases tremendous innovative thinking from all the organisations"stated SELECT for Cities Project Manager, Hugo Goncalves. "We are delighted to be starting Phase 1 of the research and development immediately moving us closer to our vision of smart, connected and innovative cities."SELECT for Cities is expected to announce the winners of Phase 1 who will move forward into the demo building activities of Phase 2 in late August, after evaluating the feasibility reports from the starting line-up.Follow SELECT for Cities Online, on Twitter and LinkedIn.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTE FOR EDITORS:* SELECT for Cities is a 4-year project co-funded by the participant cities themselves (Helsinki, Antwerp and Copenhagen) as well as the European Commission through the Horizon 2020 Programme - Grant Agreement 688196.* Consortium members are Forum Virium Helsinki (project coordinator and contracting authority), Digipolis (main contracting authority), imec, City of Copenhagen (contracting authority), Stad Antwerpen, and 21C Consultancy Limited (partners presented in alphabetical order).* Should you have further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at ask_select4cities@digipolis.be.* MEDIA contacts for SELECT are:Susie Ruston McAleer – Susie@21cConsultancy.com andLaura Gavrilut – Laura@21cConsultancy.com
The Guyana Police Force on Monday said a foreign aircraft has been discovered on an illegal aircraft in North Rupununi.
The foreign aircraft's discovery followed the location of an illegal airstrip by Guyana Defence Force soldiers in the same area.
Following is the full text of the Guyana Police Force statement.
As a result of an exercise of due vigilance over the last four weeks to the effect that a foreign aircraft may have been frequenting the Santa Fe Area, North Rupununi, Region 9, yesterday afternoon, acting on further information received a party of police under the command of a Senior Officer, proceeded to the area where checks of that area led to the discovery of over a dozen ten-gallon jars in the bushes. The party also observed that a long strip of land had been cleared.
As the party was leaving, they observed an aircraft circling some distance away and on returning to the cleared area, they saw three men running from the aircraft which by then had landed. The aircraft was secured.
Reinforcement from the Guyana Defence Force and another party of police officers led by the Commander of ‘F' Division Senior Superintendent Ravindradat Budhram, departed Lethem about mid-night last night and arrived at the location about 02:00hrs, where on checking the aircraft, a quantity of dry ration, medical supplies, gents clothing and footwear, two hand-held radios, flashlights, cellular phones and an identification card amongst other items were found in the aircraft.
The cleared area where the aircraft landed is over one mile long and about fifty feet wide. It appears to have been recently graded.
April 9 Shares of Glaukos Corp could fall 30 percent in the next year, as years of success by the medical device maker has attracted competition from larger companies that threaten its market share, according to the April 10 edition of Barron's.
Glaukos shares have risen 150 percent to around $50 since June 2015, trading at 300 times expected earnings and 10 times forecast sales, the financial newspaper said.
The San Clemente, California-based company, which makes tiny titanium stents called iStents used to treat the progressive eye disease glaucoma, has had this market to itself in the United States.
But new rivals, including Novartis AG's Alcon unit and Allergan Plc, are set to challenge its dominance and put pressure on pricing, Barron's said.
Alcon, the world's largest eye care company, recently won approval for a competing product, while Glaukos is unlikely to have a new product on the market before the second half of next year, Barron's said.
"Although Glaukos dominates the stent market in minimally invasive glaucoma surgery, it is still a small company reliant on just one product for the foreseeable future, as bigger rivals emerge," the paper said. "That's a prescription for disappointment, and a potentially steep stock price decline." (Reporting by John McCrank in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
With a brand like Timex, nothing can possibly go wrong. More so with the Timex Intelligent Indiglo Fly-Back Chronograph Quartz T2N700 Men's Watch; it's one among the most worn Timex pieces. Not many got mixed sentiments about it; the Intelligent Quartz is a good idea that has been executed well through its retrograde sub-dials and a chronograph mechanism. The retrograde dials here are reserved for the minutes and hour display when you put the chronograph into use.
What fun is that? – You might ask. It is all about a cool visual potential albeit a less than normal slow motion but given that the dial appears a bit busy – the Timex logo, a date window, the Arabic numerals and the four hands remain responsible – it is well tolerated by most.
The 4 o'clock is the retrograde-minutes display, which stays inert most of the time and comes to life once you engage the chronograph. The 11 o'clock sub-dial indicates time in the 24-hour format and also the chronograph display that can run for a max span of 4 hours. It's a fly-back chronograph that restarts timer function while staying engaged, without the need for a restart before re-engaging. It is a major time saver, more responsive and allows more accurate measurement for time-trial events and games. It is a stark contrast to the usual chronographs that come at this price range and can usually record not more than an hour at a stretch.
Upon engaging the chronograph function, the fourth-hand starts counting second in 1/5th-second increments while the 4 o'clock minutes-display crawls towards counting 10-minutes. Press the top pusher to stop the chronograph; press it again to restart the chronograph from where it paused. To restart things from the beginning, press the bottom pusher. The regular timekeeping is maintained by the hands as they sweep back into place, right where they should belong and without compromising accuracy. The chapter ring around the dial is the tachymeter with which you can calculate the speed at which an object is moving or its estimated time of arrival over a certain distance.
The Timex Watches for Men makes for a comfortable wear, for which, both its shape (including that of the caseback) and strap material are responsible. The Indiglo shines bright and the overall quality is as good as it should be. And the flyback and the retrograde are bound to grab you if you are looking for some spectacular functions without paying too much.
Bottom line: It's inexpensive; got a spectacular look, offers a high level of quality and user satisfaction, the quintessential American spirit speaks trough the Timex Expedition Field Chronograph Quartz Men's Watch. Its proprietary backlight technology, Indiglo is one of its kind and stands as an ultimate example of how backlighting should be done!
Arrests
1/31 at 9:04 p.m. Gail Roberts, 43, of Hill Street, was arrested by Officer Joseph Burke on Hill Street on a charge of assault.
2/6 at 1:49 a.m. Jeffrey Taplin, 48, of Dutton Hill Road, Gray, was arrested by Officer Antonio Ridge on Gray Road on a charge of operating under the influence.
Summonses
No criminal summonses were reported from Jan. 30 to Feb. 5.
Fire calls
2/2 at 5:13 p.m. Accident on Interstate 95 in Gray.
2/2 at 5:56 p.m. Accident on Interstate 95 in Gray.
2/7 at 2:50 p.m. Accident on Skillin Road.
2/8 at 12:42 p.m. Building fire on Ledge Road.
2/8 at 4:08 p.m. Smoke detector activation on Winterberry Court.
2/8 at 8:58 p.m. Public service on Hedgerow Drive.
EMS
Cumberland emergency medical services responded to five calls from Feb. 2-8.
The most popular emojis among US English speakers have been revealed by tech giant Apple.
The list, which was revealed in a privacy document from Apple, shows the top 10 emojis for US English speakers.
The crying with laughter emoji
The ‘crying with laughter emoji' has been named as the most used.
Yet despite hundreds of new emojis being brought to iPhones and iPads earlier this year after the iOS 11.1 update, Apple has revealed some very classic emojis remain the most popular - with everything from love hearts to skulls making the cut.
In second place was the red love heart emoji and in third place, the crying emoji.
The emoji with love heart eyes and the emoji that blows a red love heart kiss were also in the most used list, followed by the rolling eyes and skull emojis.
The actor also said there needs to be more diversity within the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested they were not asked to audition for the BBC's Hollow Crown series because of class prejudice.
The Salford-born actor said they were not asked to try out for the television film adaptations of Shakespeare's history plays because “there's an assumption being made there about my accent, and my background”.
Eccleston, 54, also criticised the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), telling Radio Times magazine the organisation needs “a revolution” in its approach to diversity.
They said: “When the BBC did The Hollow Crown series it was a huge investment in Shakespeare on the television.
“Now, without sounding arrogant, I'm a high-profile actor and I didn't get a call. Didn't get an audition.
“There's an assumption being made there about my accent, and my background. Or did they think I'm a crap actor?”
They continued: “What was the social background of the people who got all the lead roles in that BBC Shakespeare? What schools did they go to and why didn't somebody like myself get offered a lead?
“I can only think of Dave Morrissey that was in that, and they aren't the lead!
“So, what's going on there? And how many actors of colour were the leads? One, I think (Sophie Okonedo played Queen Margaret).”
Eccleston is set to play Macbeth with the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford-upon-Avon.
They said: “My hackles always rise when I go to the National Theatre and the RSC, because I just see a sea of white faces.
“And there are far more white males in our company now than there are people of colour, or women.
“So, yes, this place has got to have a revolution. No more English Heritage. It's got to finish.”
Russell T Davies (Ian West/PA)
Eccleston recently claimed they were blacklisted by the BBC when they quit as Doctor Who after one series.
They have now said their relationship with their three immediate superiors “broke down irreparably during the first block of filming and it never recovered”.
“They lost trust in me, and I lost faith and trust and belief in them,” they said.
They said they and former showrunner Russell T Davies no longer have a working relationship and would not do so in the future.
The Radio Times is out on Tuesday.
© Press Association 2018
Artisan spice company Steenbergs has taken a positive stance on environmental, social and religious accreditation of its products by achieving halal and kosher certification, as well as vegan and vegetarian status.
The Melmerby-based company had already been awarded organic and Fairtrade credentials.
Axel Steenberg, who founded the company in 2003 with their wife Sophie, said: “Here at Steenbergs the key theme is to be able to demonstrate that we both appreciate and are addressing customer's differing requirements for Steenbergs herb, spice and tea products.
“This is not only about environmental (Organic) and social (Fairtrade, SEDEX), but also about religious and other ethical factors.”
Steenbergs has registered its extracts and flower waters with The Vegan Society, with new packaging launching early next month. The full baking range will be fully vegan shortly, followed in the next few months by the rest of the own-brand products.
“Being able to say that all Steenbergs products are animal-free, vegetarian and vegan is an important milestone, and this will be achieved by mid-2017,” said Sophie Steenberg.
The company's kosher certification with the London Beth Din Kashrut Division (KLBD) was confirmed last month, meaning that over 250 Steenbergs branded products have been certified and are permitted to include the KLBD logo. The relabelling will start shortly with the organic extracts range.
Following a detailed certification and audit process over several months, Steenbergs now has 31 products certified as conforming to Halal requirements in accordance with Islamic law. The certification is by Halal Certification Europe, which is approved by JAKIM (Malaysia), MUIS (Singapore) and other Halal authorities.
The products that conform to Halal are all blends prepared at Steenbergs, although some products are not certified as Halal, as they are processed at the ingredients' source rather than at Steenbergs' factories.
Contact
Nihal
***@ry.ae Nihal
End
-- Dubai is one of the fastest growing cities in the world. With new record breaking towers, lavish hotels and human-made islands, it is known as the best tourist spot in the region attracting millions of visitors each year. Tourism in Dubai thrives as the city evolves and develops. One of the industries that has clearly benefited from this outstanding growth of Dubai's Tourism is the maritime industry. Not only is this beautiful city attracting tourists and high spenders, but investors have shown their keen interest in its properties.UAE is now one of the best boating and yachting hubs in the region and the world. There is a high demand for yachts and boats for sale Dubai. The Dubai International Boat Show catalyzes the growth of this particular industry as it attracts boats and yachts enthusiasts and owners, leading industry experts, marine equipment suppliers, marine luxury and lifestyle magazine editors, and top boat manufacturers from all over the world. Boat and yacht dealers Dubai also join the event to create awareness and establish their business in the region. To gain prospect buyers, every yacht and boat broker Dubai is also present in the event. Due to the fast increase in number of vessels, Dubai is investing more in marina infrastructure to build more berths to accommodate more boats and to welcome boat and yacht owners into the country.The demand for water-based leisure activities and the demand for boats and yachts for sale are increasing. Buyers, brokers, dealers, owners, and suppliers will be excited about The Dubai International Boat Show this year. This event will take place at Dubai International Marine Club on Tuesday 28 February 2017 for 5 days.To view fleet of our sale boats visit http://ry.ae/ boats-for-sale- dubai/
The unemployment rate for Santa Barbara County decreased to 5.6 percent in May, according to figures released Friday by the state Employment Development Department.
This is down from a revised 6 percent in April and below the year-ago estimate of 7.5 percent. This is compared with an unadjusted unemployment rate for California of 8.1 percent and 7.3 percent for the nation during the same period.
Industry sectors in Santa Barbara gained 300 more jobs than last month, for a total of 3,500 jobs for May. The industry with the most amount of job growth included leisure and hospitality, and professional and business services with 300 jobs each. Trade, transportation and utilities, and government were second with 200 jobs. Educational and health services was third with 100 positions. Other industries such as mining and logging, construction, manufacturing, information, and financial activities remained unchanged.
Between May 2012 and May 2013, total employment in Santa Barbara County rose by 3,800 jobs or 2 percent. Some of the highlights for this period included:
» Industries posting substantial gains over the year included: Service providing (up 2.2 percent or 3,300 jobs), private service providing (up 2.9 percent or 3,200 jobs), professional and business services (up 8 percent or 2,000 positions), administrative, support and waste services (up 12.6 percent or 1,500 jobs).
» Educational and health services (up 3.7 percent or 800 positions), health care and social asistance (up 3.7 percent or 700 positions) and health care (up 3.8 percent or 600 jobs).
» State government and state government education increased by 500 jobs each; on the other hand, federal government and local government each lost 200 for this period.
» Other industries posting substantial gains over the year included: construction with 500 jobs or 7.6 percent, goods producing with 2.5 percent or 500 positions, professional, scientific and technical services with 400 jobs or 3.5 percent, and wholesale trade with 200 jobs or 4.8 percent.
“My first reaction is ‘Wow!' I really wasn't expecting this,” Santa Barbara County Workforce Investment Board Executive Director Raymond McDonald said. “We usually get a seasonal boost in hospitality-related employment beginning in May, but the fact that the other sectors are holding — and business services continues its uptick — are very encouraging news. The last time we had an unemployment rate in the five-percent range was back in October of 2008 when we were at 5.8 percent.”
In our local cities, Guadalupe joined the cities with single-digit unemployment, falling from 10.4 percent in April to 9.7 percentin May. This leaves Lompoc as the only city in the county with double-digit unemployment (which was 10 percent for the month). Santa Maria finished the month with 8.8 percent. Other cities in the county continue to show healthy economies; behind Santa Maria was Buellton with 4 percent and Santa Barbara with 3.9 percent.
WARREN, Mich. (AP) — Police who found a badly decomposed body in bed in a Detroit-area home believe a 62-year-old woman may have shared the home with their dead roommate for months.
Police in Warren found the body of 68-year-old George Curtis on Monday. An autopsy will be performed.
WJBK-TV and The Macomb Daily of Mount Clemens report Tuesday that relatives contacted police after hearing nothing from Curtis for months.
The woman has been hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
Advertisement
Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer tells the newspaper "it's just bizarre (that) they stayed in the home like that and didn't report anything."
Police say Curtis may have been dead for months.
Dwyer says the house may have to be condemned and demolished due to the condition inside and the odor.
Mumbai June 14, 2017: BTVi – Business Television India, India's Premier English Business News Channel is coming up with a new edition of ‘Women Mean Business'. The show will exclusively feature powerful women role models who are leaders in their respective domains.
The prime focus of this show and its subjects are reaffirming and addressing women empowerment, providing viewer's a revolutionary perspective of women's achievements in different verticals. Through this show, the channel aims to bring women thought leaders under one platform, celebrating their success stories thereby motivating the millennial.
Commenting on the new show, Ms. Monica Tata, COO, BTVi said, “We at BTVi believe in empowering women through various platforms. In the past, the show has effectively shared stories of some incredibly hardworking women who have been an inspiration for millions. We are glad to be back with a new season. This time, we are aiming at taking it a notch ahead by delving into matters of higher significance and seek insights on the success of these women.”
Most awaited second season of ‘Women Mean Business' is starting from 17th June 2017 and will air on BTVi on every Saturday at 8:00 PM.
The guests on the show will range from the Media baron to Renowned Restaurateur, from award winning Gemologist and Jewelry Designer to Globally acclaimed artist, Talking to them and capturing their personal and professional lives with their extraordinary journey with high-impact and fast-paced agendas will be BTVi's Ms. Fatima Mahdi Karan, consulting editor of the channel.
The guest list of the second season of the show includes:
• Media Baroness- Ms. Shobhana Bhartia, Chairperson and editorial director of The Hindustan Times Group
• First Female president of the CII- Ms. Shobana Kamineni, President, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) And Executive Vice Chair Person Of The Apollo Hospitals Enterprise kLtd
• Leading scientist at the helm of a pharma empire- Dr. Swati Piramal, Vice chairperson of Piramal Enterprises Ltd
• Path breaking diva of gastronomic innovation-Ms. Ritu Dalmia, Celebrity Chef and Restaurateur and author and co- founder of diva and Riga food
• India's queen of contemporary art- Ms. Bharti Kher, Award Winning and Record Breaking Multimedia Artist
• They don't love but lives to design- Ms. Farah Khan Ali, Farah khan fine Jewellery and celebrity jeweller and gemologist
• Ms. Pinky Anand, Additional Solicitor General of India at the Supreme Court of India and spokesperson and all India in charge legal cell, BJP
Tune into BTVi on June 17, 2017 at 8 pm and repeat on Saturday, 10 pm to know more about the lives of these sheroes.
About Business Television India:
India's premier English Business News Channel providing best in class business news coupled with highly proficient and engaging content, in partnership with Reuters, the world's largest international multimedia news provider, to bring financial and business news from across the globe to Indian viewers.
Film: Insider Motocross
We are now just days away from the 2017 Monster Energy AMA Supercross opener at Anaheim 1. Insider Motocross caught up with Dean Wilson at a recent testing session at Elsinore SX in California and strapped a GoPro on them to get a POV of their day.
New Consumer application supports franchisor reputation management based on feedback from consumer review websites.
Contact
Jeff Stephenson | Media Marketing Manager,
FranchiseGrade.com | The Authority On Franchising
***@franchisegrade.com Jeff Stephenson | Media Marketing Manager,FranchiseGrade.com | The Authority On Franchising
End
-- Franchise Grade® the leading franchise market research firm in the franchise industry, has added another valuable application to its Franchise Intelligence product suite. Franchisors and franchisees using Franchise Intelligence will have the ability to gain valuable consumer feedback via Facebook, Google, Trip Advisor and Yelp regarding their services or products.Jeff Lefler, CEO of Franchise Grade, commenting on the Consumer application stated: "For the first time in franchising, franchisors and their franchisees of all sizes will be able to know how consumers value and rate their offering. To date, acquiring wcj broad-based consumer evaluations has been typically limited to the large franchise systems." Lefler continued: "As we add more applications to our Franchise Intelligence suite franchisors, franchisees and consumers will be able to reap the benefits."Consumer is just one of the components of Franchise Intelligence that can help to elevate the performance of franchise brands.Learn More about our Exclusive Consumer product here.Franchise Grade is The Authority on Franchising. Our proprietary Franchise Intelligence platform empowers our clients to make smarter, data-driven decisions. Using Franchise Intelligence will accelerate your sales process, increase conversions and support development. Our data is used by leading media outlets, academic institutions, Private Equity groups, brokers, franchisors and prospective franchisees.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Succinic Acid Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Succinic Acid market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are BASF, BioAmber, DSM, Gadiv Petrochemical, Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals, Mitsubishi, Mitsubishi, Myriant Technologies, Nippon, PTT Global, Purac Biochem, Reverdia, Showa Denko, Anqing Hexing. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Succinic Acid Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-succinic-acid-market/10347/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Succinic Acid market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Succinic Acid market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Succinic Acid Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Succinic Acid. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Succinic Acid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Purity 99.5%, Purity 99%, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food and Dietary Supplements, Industrial Applications, Pharmaceuticals, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Succinic Acid Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-succinic-acid-market/10347/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Succinic Acid new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Succinic Acid market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Succinic Acid industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on calls for California's public pension fund to stop investing in assault-weapon retailers (all times local):
12:25 p.m.
Critics of a push for the nation's largest public pension fund to divest from retailers of assault weapons are calling it an ineffective strategy and a political ploy.
California Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat who is running for governor, has asked the California Public Employees' Retirement System board to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices like bump stocks. The board is taking public testimony Monday.
Advertisement
Jason Perez of the Corona Peace Officers Association says the board has a duty to maximize investments for its retiree members. The fund only has about 70 percent of the money needed to cover payments owed to its 1.8 million members.
Joel Morgan, a teacher, says that while they support efforts to stop gun violence, divestment isn't the way to achieve it. They say "there's no purpose for this hearing other than politics."
__
12 p.m.
The father of a 27-year-old woman who died in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons.
Robert Velasco says action by California's public pension board can "send a powerful message" to lawmakers who have failed to act after mass shootings nationwide.
Velasco is one of several relatives of San Bernardino shooting victims who are testifying before the California Public Employees' Retirement System board. The pension fund says four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have decided to stop selling assault weapons.
Renee Wetzel, whose husband died in the 2015 attack, is imploring the board to "use their memory to make a change."
Also testifying are California alumni of the Florida high school where 17 people were killed last month.
___
8 a.m.
California State Treasurer John Chiang is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System alongside family members of victims of the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino, California, that killed 14 people.
The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting Chiang's effort. Chiang, a Democrat, is running for governor.
CalPERS has a combined roughly $850 in a million holdings in five companies that sell such guns or devices: Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
LISTEN to this Spence's Challenge, broadcast on The Chet Buchanan Show on 98.5 KLUC-Las Vegas. (Also, subscribe to our podcast on the Radio.com App) — Here's how it goes down...
Chet puts together 5 questions based on headlines from the day before. You will have 30 seconds to answer as many of those questions as possible. If you can tie Spence, you'll get the Terrible Herbst Jackpot (currently at $1,173)..... and if you beat him, you get a $1,000 bonus. So just read some headlines and get ready to play Thursday morning at 7:25a..... in fact, here are Wednesday's questions for you to reference:
1) Which state's Governor resigned yesterday amid an extramarital affair scandal? A: MISSOURI
2) Snoop Dogg broke a Guinness World Record for the largest (what)? A: GIN AND JUICE/PARADISE COCKTAIL
3) There's no drama..... but which reality star is not attending their son's wedding due to "work commitments?" A: CAITLYN JENNER
4) After being released by the New York Giants, wide receiver Brandon Marshall signed with which NFL team? A: SEATTLE SEAHAWKS
5) Televangelist Jesse Duplantis is asking their followers for $54 Million dollars so they can buy what? A: A PRIVATE JET
Amid the noisy crowd of constituents navigating a maze of hallways and offices at the state Capitol, it's possible for the voices of two UC Santa Barbara grad student researchers to be heard. State legislators heard those voices on June 4 during the University of California's Graduate Research Advocacy Day.
Jessica Bradshaw from UCSB's School of Education's Department of Counseling, Clinical and School Psychology and Emily Rivest of the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Marine Biology were among a contingent of 20 Ph.D. students from all 10 UC campuses who traveled to Sacramento to meet with members of the Legislature and the administration. Their message and mission were simple yet vital: Explain the value and impact that their work has not only on California but also on the nation and the world.
Using Gov. Jerry Brown's conference room as a base camp for the day, the UCSB students visited with several state Assembly members and senators from the local area to discuss the importance of graduate research and to describe their own research projects.
“Despite the differing political leaning of each legislator, all parties were excited to meet with students who are a part of their constituency and were very engaged in the discussion about graduate research,” said Bradshaw, a third-year Ph.D. student whose work focuses on discovering behavioral methods “for identifying infants in the first year of life who are exhibiting early behavioral symptoms of autism spectrum disorder.”
“I was delighted that each legislator was engaged during our meetings and generally interested in what I had to say,” said Rivest, a fifth-year Ph.D. candidate who studies how the natural marine resources of California, which are crucial to the livelihoods of many of the state's residents, are vulnerable to climate change. “These state senators and assembly members see so many people every day, all year long,” they added, “that I was thrilled they asked me questions about my research and read over the fact sheet that I had prepared.”
The local legislators Bradshaw and Rivest met with were Assemblyman Jeff Gorell of the 44th District, state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson of Senate District 19, Assemblyman Das Williams of the 37th District and a UCSB grad alum, and Assemblyman Katcho Achadjian of the 35th District.
One highlight for Bradshaw came when Assemblyman Achadjian queried their in-depth about their research focus: autism.
“He was particularly interested in learning about autism, e.g., what are the early signs of autism, and exactly how does the intervention work,” Bradshaw said. “He even asked my opinion concerning treatment for autism as it relates to current political debates regarding funding for autism intervention. It was great to know that the legislators not only took time out of their hectic schedules to meet with us, but respected us as researchers and experts in our field.”
Bradshaw explained to the legislators they met how graduate research can make an immediate impact on the issues California is grappling with today, such as public health and the economy.
“I have been able to provide intervention services and assessment to dozens of infants and toddlers in the local Santa Barbara area,” they said. “I have provided workshops on autism awareness and intervention techniques, and I have trained undergraduate research assistants in autism intervention and research techniques. It is important for them to know that graduate students can do more than just spend 10 hours a day isolated in a research lab. We have a real ability to make immediate, positive contributions to society.”
Rivest was both surprised and honored by one encounter during the day.
“My most memorable moment was when, after explaining how my graduate research contributes to the conservation of California's marine resources under climate change, Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson's staffer asked me directly what legislation I would put forward for this issue that the senator could support. I was so surprised,” Rivest said. “Honored to receive this vote of confidence in my expertise and credibility as a young scientist, I will continue to work with Sen. Jackson and their staffers to develop and support legislation that will decrease the vulnerability of our state's coastal marine resources to climate change.”
Bradshaw found the day to be both rewarding and inspiring.
“It was rewarding to participate in a day that celebrates our work as graduate students and convey the importance of state funding in the survival of graduate student research to the people who are in the position to make a difference,” they said. “I was inspired by the energy of everyone involved, including the legislators. I left with the hope that through hearing our personal stories and realizing the passion we have about our work, state government will begin to understand the significance of graduate research and its impact beyond our personal pursuits.”
Rivest said it meant a lot to them to participate in the day.
“It was my chance to give back to the university graduate program that has launched my career over the past five years. I have grown tremendously at UCSB and feel that the graduate students as well as their incredible, envelope-pushing, relevant work are worthy of continued investment,” they said, adding that they hoped that by sharing their research with the legislators they helped “renew their enthusiasm for the asset that is UC graduate research to the State of California and the globe.”
Accompanying Bradshaw and Rivest in Sacramento were Monica Solorzano, UCSB's assistant director of governmental relations; and Graduate Division Dean Dr. Carol Genetti.
“Being able to showcase our graduate students and their research is one of the most rewarding parts of advocating for the university,” Solorzano said. “Graduate Research Day is an opportunity for state legislators to see firsthand the important contributions that our students are making, not only to California, but to the nation and the world.”
Genetti noted that everyone benefited from the day.
“It was a great opportunity for all involved,” they said. “The students were highly impressive and clearly generated interest in the various offices that we visited. Both plan on following up with some of the contacts we made. I think the day also raised the students' awareness of their potential for agency in influencing change at the policy level, in their own research areas and in higher education.”
The students clearly made a positive impact on Sen. Jackson. On their Facebook page the next day, they wrote this: “Really impressed by the graduate students from UC Santa Barbara that I met yesterday. They're building California's brain trust, researching vital issues like autism and climate change, and working to make a difference in our state!”
For more information, click here to read the Graduate from Post's article about last year's Research Advocacy Day; click here to read the UC Office of the President's article about this year's event, “Grad students are driving force behind research”; and click here for the UCOP's Graduate Research Advocacy Day page.
— Patricia Marroquin is a senior writer for the UCSB Graduate Division.
By Yemi Itodo
Former Minister of Interior, Comrade Abba Moro has tasked Nigerian youths on personal development and self discipline, saying they were virtues that could make one become “leader of tomorrow”.
Speaking in Otukpo on Monday, at the wedding reception of an U.K based Social Activist, Adoyi West Ujah and Peace Eboh Ogboji, Comrade Moro, who was the Chairman of the event said, the only way to become successful in life was to imbibe in self discipline and be diligent in pursuing one's goals.
They said those virtues were responsible for the height Adoyi had attained in today's society. “He developed himself, they never waited for help from anyone”, Moro added.
Collaborating their stand, the Chairlady of the occasion and former Benue Commissioner for Women Affairs, Dr. Mrs. Diana Ochoga, said the celebrant went through various hurdles at the United Kingdom before they got to where they are today, but they never gave up.
While charging the youths to emulate their sense of resilience, perseverance and dignity, Dr. Ochoga also described the groom as a “signpost for Nigerian youths”.
Highlights of the event which was well attended by ‘who is who' in Benue State include presentation of 2017 model of Toyota TUNDRA to the couple by the younger brother to the groom and Super Eagles Striker, Tony Ujah, while the foremost Comedian, John Okafor (Mr. Ibru ), ‘Dem Mama' Crooner, Timaya and Peace Corps Band entertained the large gathering.
What happens when an assassin grows a conscience?
Benecio Del Toro reprises their role as Alejandro Gillick in “Sicario: Day of the Soldado.”
By T.T. Stern-Enzi
A few years ago, we learned what a “sicario” was, thanks to screenwriter Taylor Sheridan (who with “Wind River” has proven to be a fantastic crime-fiction writer-director) and director Denis Villeneuve. In simple terms, the appellation is Spanish for a hitman, but in their broodingly brutal film, the “Sicario” in question was a man named Alejandro (Benicio Del Toro), a former lawyer for a Mexican cartel kingpin whose wife and child were murdered, sending Alejandro on a quest for vengeance. Part of what made them so compelling was that Alejandro seemed like a secondary character in their own story, because the film turned the spotlight on Kate Macer (Emily Blunt), an FBI agent working a drug case near the border that draws them into the orbit of Matt Graver (Josh Brolin), a shadowy governmental cleaner. Alejandro happens to be Graver's blunt instrument of choice when it comes to straightening up messes.
For chapter two of the “Sicario” narrative, Macer is gone. Apparently, the audience no longer needs a stand-in who is in way over their head. What the world requires now is soldiers; hence the new label in the title. “Day of the Soldado” is all about the soldiers on the front lines of this new frontier war. The drug war along the border has been transformed, due to an influx of bodies crossing from Mexico into the United States for more than a chance at securing asylum and a new life. The film opens with a pair of terrorist attacks executed by Middle Eastern extremists who used the Southern border as an entry point.
So, the US slaps Mexican drug cartels with the terrorist brand, allowing for more enhanced measures to remove the threats. Graver makes a pitch to their covert handler (Catherine Keener) and then the Secretary of Defense (Matthew Modine) that aims to start a war amongst the cartels, thereby interrupting their assistance to the larger terrorist organizations of the world. To execute their plan, Graver enlists Alejandro to take part in a kidnapping scheme involving Isabel Reyes (Isabel Moner), the headstrong daughter of the kingpin who gave the order to kill Alejandro's wife and young daughter. The goal is to make it look like a rival cartel made the move, but in Mexico, it is never easy to keep secrets or find loyal partners.
While things fall apart in spectacular fashion for Graver and Alejandro, “Day of the Soldado” offers up a secondary narrative, featuring Miguel Hernandez (Elijah Rodriguez), a quiet young man living on the US side of the border who serves as a coyote, a runner guiding asylum seekers across no man's land. Hernandez is an obviously smart kid with citizenship already in hand, but they see a way ahead for themselves working in the shadows. And he's a soldier with promise.
Sheridan and Italian director Stefano Sollima (who helmed “Gomorrah,” the serialized version of the epic crime-thriller) spare none of the action-pyrotechnics here, taking us inside gritty shootouts and the chaos of failed strikes. But the real action happens on a far more human scale. We see Alejandro embrace their past when they refuse an order from Graver to kill Isabel. Protecting the girl becomes their new mission, even though, that will ultimately lead them back to their father. This speaks to a code of honor guiding the mercurial hitman, which stands in contrast to the winds of chance and fate that inflated the sails of Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem), the demonic hitman in Ethan and Joel Coen's “No Country for Old Men.”
“Sicario” seemed to want link Alejandro to Chigurh as kindred spirits, willing to do whatever it takes in the service of their masters. Alejandro has a legendary past, relayed in hushed whispers that tease the audience, whereas Chigurh is merely an evil force of nature that we merely catch in the act. There is no past or future for anyone in their path, and it would be a disservice to the character to attempt to create a backstory for him.  They are the reason why there is nothing left for the old men who somehow survived the dark days.
What “Day of the Soldado” sets up, by contrast, is a look at what lies ahead for a killer like Alejandro who hasn't completely renounced their affiliation with the human race. That glimmer of soft light and life they display in their willingness to stand up for Isabel leads to a world of hurt, but it paves the way for the continuation of a narrative that, in the hands of Sheridan, could carve out a brand-new territory where hitmen and soldiers finally earn some meaningful measure of freedom.
Rating: R
Grade: A
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Taxes are no fun. They may be an inevitable part of life, but savvy investment planning can reduce their impact. This type of planning requires holistic thinking about all your assets, considering asset allocation not only across asset classes and investment strategies but also across investment accounts. Tax-sheltered accounts, like 401(k)s, IRAs, and health savings accounts, are a good place to park less tax-efficient investments, like taxable-bond, dividend, and actively managed funds. Taxable accounts should be reserved for more-tax-efficient strategies, including low-turnover equity index funds.
This is a simple idea, but one that is often overlooked in practice. Too often investors fall into the trap of focusing on each individual account, trying to diversify locally, while losing site of the bigger picture. It's OK if a taxable account is a bit equity-heavy if it's offset by a larger bond allocation in a tax-sheltered account and you can tolerate the added risk in the taxable account.
It is important to balance risk tolerance against the tax advantages of using different accounts to hold different types of assets because the money in tax-sheltered accounts may not be as easily accessible as money in a taxable account. If you need the money in the taxable account sooner, make sure that it is invested in a manner consistent with your risk tolerance over that horizon.
With that caveat, here's a closer look at why taxable bonds, dividend strategies, and most actively managed mutual funds tend to be better suited for tax-sheltered accounts.
For Tax-Sheltered Accounts
With the exception of funds that invest in municipal bonds, which are exempt from federal taxes, most bond funds (both active and passive) are not very tax-efficient because they generate a large portion of their returns from regular interest (coupon) payments. These payments are taxed at ordinary rates, which for most are higher than the tax rates on long-term capital gains and dividends, and investors cannot defer them. Even funds that target lower-coupon bonds can be tax-inefficient because they have to constantly replace holdings as they approach maturity, leading to high turnover and potential taxable capital gains distributions.
Dividend funds' tax inefficiencies generally aren't as egregious as bond funds' because dividend distributions are usually taxed at lower rates than interest payments. Qualified dividend payments are taxed at 15% for most investors (though the rate for top earners is 20%, plus an additional 3.8% tax on net investment income). On top of those federal tax rates, investors must pay state taxes (if applicable) on dividend income.
Although most dividends are taxed at more favorable rates than interest income, dividend income funds tend to be less tax-efficient than their lower-yielding counterparts. This is because investors must pay taxes on dividends when they are received and don't have the option to defer them as they do with unrealized capital gains. There is value in deferring tax payments: Such deferrals allow money that would have been taxed to continue to grow, leading to higher aftertax returns when the investment is finally sold. So, it's more tax-efficient to generate returns from capital gains that can be deferred than from dividend payments that cannot.
Of course, capital gains are no more tax-efficient than dividends if they are not deferred. Most actively managed mutual funds regularly distribute capital gains during bull markets, which hurts their tax efficiency. These capital gains distributions are triggered anytime a manager sells securities for a gain and does not have enough losses elsewhere to offset them, even when investors haven't sold any shares in the fund. Most managers don't think about the tax implications of their trades because they are being assessed on pretax performance. That said, there are some good tax-managed funds that focus on aftertax returns.
While all mutual funds must distribute all of their capital gains each year, actively managed funds tend to be less tax-efficient than their index counterparts because they tend to have higher turnover. This leads to more sales in the portfolio and a greater chance of realizing capital gains. Like turnover, greater outflows can lead to higher capital gains distributions and larger tax bills, as they often require managers to sell some of their holdings to raise cash.
Tax-sheltered accounts effectively allow investors to avoid the tax drag that plagues these investments. For example, traditional IRA and 401(k) accounts allow investors to deduct contributions from their taxable income and defer the tax liabilities from the contributions and investment returns until funds are withdrawn from the account, allowing investments to grow tax-free.
For Taxable Accounts
Investment tax planning should not stop with tax-sheltered accounts. You can further reduce tax liabilities by placing more-tax-efficient investments in taxable accounts. These include equity index funds, particularly exchange-traded funds and funds that invest in foreign stocks, and municipal-bond funds.
Broad, market-cap-weighted equity index funds are generally tax-efficient--even in a mutual fund wrapper--because they have low turnover. ETFs build on this tax advantage by externalizing much of the trading to the secondary market and allowing the port­folio managers to move low-cost-basis shares out of the portfolio through a tax-free, in-kind redemption with their authorized participants (who are the only ones that can directly take money out of the fund).
When authorized participants take money out of an ETF, they send their shares of the ETF to the fund company and receive shares in the fund's holdings in return. This is a nontaxable transaction, and it gives ETFs a big advantage over mutual funds, which often have to sell their securities to raise cash to meet redemptions. This in-kind redemption mechanism may not completely eliminate capital gains distributions, but it makes them less likely.
Index funds that invest in foreign stocks are especially well-suited for taxable accounts because investors can receive a tax credit for foreign with­holding taxes on dividends, but only if they are held in a taxable account. If you hold these funds in a tax-sheltered account, the fund still pays the foreign with­holding taxes on dividend income, but you can't recoup them.
The foreign withholding tax credit can make a difference. During the trailing 10 years through April 2018, the gross return version of the MSCI All Country World Index beat the net return version, which reflects the impact of foreign withholding taxes on dividends, by 57 basis points annualized. The foreign tax credit would have allowed investors to recover a good chunk of that return spread.
While equity holdings tend to be more tax-efficient than bonds, it isn't necessary for taxable accounts to be composed solely of equity holdings. Municipal-bond funds are among the most tax-efficient investments available because their interest payments are exempt from federal taxes (and state taxes if the owner resides in the state of the issuer). Because of their favorable tax status, municipal bonds tend to offer lower yields than their taxable counterparts. But for investors in the highest tax brackets, municipal bonds generally offer better aftertax yields than taxable bonds with similar risk.
Rectifying Past Mistakes
What if you already have an actively managed fund (or other tax-inefficient holding) in your taxable account? Is it better to hold on to that fund and defer taxes on the unrealized gains, or sell it and replace it with a more tax-efficient and lower-cost ETF?
The answer depends on several key variables: unrealized capital gains in the initial investment, investment period, tax rate, expected returns of the two investments, and expected capital gains distributions. Exhibit 1 summarizes the relationship between each of these variables and the relative aftertax value of replacing an old investment with a new one.
While there are a lot of variables in play, a modest improvement in expected pretax returns over a long investment horizon can justify making the switch. The math is complicated, but to illustrate, I created some hypothetical examples.
These examples assume a 50% unrealized capital gain on the original investment, a 20% tax rate (which reflects the 15% long-term capital gains rate that most investors face, plus an additional 5% for state taxes), and that the original investment distributes 25% of its annual return (while the new investment makes no distributions). I tested these parameters under several expected return and investment horizon assumptions.
These scenarios compare the aftertax value of the new investment with the original investment. In calculating the aftertax value of the new investment, I assume that the investor sells the original investment, pays the taxes on the unrealized capital gains, places the aftertax proceeds in the new investment, and sells the new investment at the end of the investment horizon, paying all applicable taxes. The results are shown in Exhibit 2.
This data demonstrates that if there is no difference in the pretax return of the two investments, it is better to continue to hold the original investment, despite its annual capital gains distributions. The higher aftertax value of the original investment comes from the value of deferring the unrealized capital gains taxes that an investor would incur in switching between the two investments.
However, a small improvement in expected pretax returns over a long investment horizon can justify the switch. The magnitude of the return advantage required increases with the returns of the two investments. For example, when the original investment was priced to offer a 4% pretax return, the new investment would need to offer only a 50-basis-point return advantage across five years to come out ahead after taxes. But if the original investment were priced to offer an 8% pretax return, it would take an 83-basis-point pretax return advantage to break even after taxes.
Cost savings from lower fees can often provide this type of pretax return improvement. So, if you can realize 1 percentage point worth of annual cost savings by switching from an actively managed mutual fund to an ETF, it could be worth doing so, even with the tax hit from recognizing the unrealized capital gain.
Putting It All Together
Most bond, dividend, and actively managed equity strategies are best suited for tax-sheltered accounts, including 401(k)s, IRAs, and HSAs.
Municipal-bond and equity index funds, particularly ETFs and international-equity funds, are well-suited for taxable accounts.
If you have a tax-inefficient holding in your taxable account with a sizable unrealized capital gain, don't switch into a more tax-efficient investment unless it offers a higher expected pretax return and you have a long investment horizon.
Disclosure: Morningstar, Inc. licenses indexes to financial institutions as the tracking indexes for investable products, such as exchange-traded funds, sponsored by the financial institution. The license fee for such use is paid by the sponsoring financial institution based mainly on the total assets of the investable product. Please click here for a list of investable products that track or have tracked a Morningstar index. Neither Morningstar, Inc. nor its investment management division markets, sells, or makes any representations regarding the advisability of investing in any investable product that tracks a Morningstar index.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Robbie Savage, a perennial pantomime villain on and off the pitch, who went from hero to zero at Birmingham City.
After coming through the ranks at Manchester United, Savage enjoyed a 15-year playing career including spells at Crewe Alexandra, Leicester City, Blackburn Rovers, Derby County and Brighton & Hove Albion.
Their all action style saw them become a fans' favourite under Steve Bruce at St Andrew's only for their acrimonious exit to damage their popularity with Bluenoses.
Savage angered fans after they forced a move out of Blues to join Blackburn and they later admitted that they were ‘a disgrace' during that particular period.
Here we look at what Savage's managers have said about the Welsh midfielder.
Brian Johnson
Brian Johnson, from the Wrexham and District Youth Football League. Savage played in the league at under-12s for Llay United.
“Robbie was a spindly centre-forward when they were young. They were always looking for the ball, always wanting to score the goals.
“He scored a lot of goals and was noticed by Manchester United when they were 14 – in those days you could still play with the youth sides.
"He was a very nice young lad – they were confident and has always been a bubbly character,” says Johnson.
“We all know Robbie Savage – you either love them or hate him. But they were a much quieter sort of player when they were younger.
“There were lots of lads bigger than him, but they knew how to go past them with their speed and their skill.
“By the time they were about 15 or 16 they were stronger in the way they played, but they still aren't the Robbie Savage we know today.”
Martin O'Neill
O'Neill was the Leicester City boss who signed Savage from Crewe Alexandra in 1997 and handed Savage their first opportunity in the big time
"He was terrific for Leicester, really terrific. We paid £400,000 for them and they were a gift.
"He can be a handful on the pitch, but actually he's just a bit daft and he's absolutely fine. At the time when we had Lennon and Izzet in midfield, Savage might have felt in their early days that they were almost like playing second-fiddle to them.
“But credit to Savage, they fought through all of that.”
Savage left the Foxes in 2002, having won the league cup in 2000 but being unable to prevent Leicester's relegation during the 2001 / 2002 campaign.
Steve Bruce
Bruce was in charge of Birmingham when they signed Savage for just over £1 million from Leicester after Blues went up and the Foxes went down in 2002
The relationship between Bruce and Savage was soured by the Welshman's departure in 2005. Savage had just signed a new four-year deal with the club, before demanding a move to Blackburn weeks later.
“It's been a saga, and when you've at the forefront of it like I have, it does wear you down and have a knock-on affect on everyone else.
“I've said all I've wanted to say about it. As far as I'm concerned he's gone, and that's the end of the matter.
“Any football club is bigger than an individual, no matter who that may be. And we've lost good players in the past and responded.
“This is about Birmingham City, not one player. That's what we have to focus on now.”
John Toshack
Savage announced their international retirement after a row with Wales boss John Toshack in 2005
"There has been a lot of speculation and I can't do anything about that, and I did get through to them to tell them they wouldn't be involved this time.
"He said 'OK' and that they were retiring. I was saying 'best of luck in the future' and I got the sensation that the line went dead and that was it."
Mark Hughes
Hughes was a childhood hero of Savage and among the main reasons the midfielder joined Blackburn in 2005 for a £3 million fee
"He has a lot to live up to, but they are more than capable of doing so.
"He will bring something to us we haven't got in that they are a big personality, on and off the field, and that's important for us.
"He has great enthusiasm for the game, and they drag people along with them with that and their desire to play in games. That will be vital for us in the second half of the season.
"He's also got great energy and we will need that, so I'm absolutely delighted Robbie has joined us.
"We've waited a long time for him, but they have been worth the wait.  They are going to be a great player for us."
Paul Jewell
Savage joined Premier League strugglers Derby County in 2008. Jewell was their boss and made them captain
"I know there is a little bit of history between Robbie and the Derby fans; but that is the same for them and every club, that is part of their nature.
"I hated Robbie when they played against me.  They are one of those characters you despise when they are playing for the opposition, but you love when they are on your team.
"You don't play at the top level for as long as they have by only going around kicking people."
Martin Allen
At 33, Savage signed for Brighton and Hove Albion on loan in 2008. They played just six times for the Seagulls under Allen before hanging up their boots at the end of the season
(Image: PA)
"People read about the white suits and fast cars, but he's a good bloke, a good family man.
"Robbie certainly is not magnolia, he's a bright spark, and I like characters in football."
A Scottish man has been fined £800 after they trained their girlfriend's dog to perform Nazi salutes and react positively to anti-Jewish commands in a video that went viral.
Mark Meechan, 30, from Coatbridge, Scotland, was penalised Monday after being convicted last month for breaching a communications law by posting the "grossly offensive" footage in 2016.
The video, called “M8 Yer dug's a Naazi”, attracted over a million views on Meechan's Count Dankula channel on YouTube before it was taken down. Other users on the site have since re-published it and racked up hundreds of thousands of views.
The video features Meechan training a pug to lift its paw upon hearing the command “Sieg Hiel” and react excitedly to the phrase “Gas the Jews”. The pug, called “Buddha”, is also filmed watching footage of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler at a Nuremberg Rally.
“Sieg Heil!” (Hail Victory!) is a German phrase that was commonly used as part of the 1930s Nazi salute, in which the right arm is extended into the air with a straightened hand.
Sheriff Derek O'Carroll slapped Meechan with the fine at Airdrie Sheriff Court, in a case that has attracted international attention and drawn ire from famous comedians who considered the guilty verdict an attack on freedom of speech.
Meechan told the court in March that they made the video as a joke to annoy their girlfriend Suzanne Kelly, 29, and only intended for a small circle of friends to watch it. But the judge was not amused.
O'Carroll said on Monday: “The video you posted, using a public communications network, was grossly offensive and contained menacing, anti-Semitic and racist material.
“You said you used the phrase ‘Gas the Jews' because it was so extreme. You said the video content was horrific, but not when used as a joke.
“You intended the video to be as offensive as you could make it and you posted it on your own unrestricted publicly accessible video channel which on your own description: ‘provides offensive social comedy and skits that get people thrown in prison'.”
O'Carroll ruled that “such material tended to normalise anti-Semitic attitudes and provoke further unpleasant anti-Semitic messages” which had led to “great concern”.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We've chosen the 10 best St Andrew's atmospheres from the last 10 years.
We consulted you, the fans, and some of your suggestions feature.
Big derby day clashes, European nights under the lights, play off semi-finals and late comebacks - they're all below.
Here's the top 10:
Blues 2 Aston Villa 1 - 01/10/10
(Image: Paul Thomas)
Villa came to B9 and the stakes were even higher than usual.
Not only was this the first evening fixture between the fierce rivals in seven years - a place in the League Cup semi final was up for grabs.
The atmosphere was electric even before the teams appeared on the pitch, and Seb Larsson's early penalty for Blues only increased the volume.
Gabby Agbonlahor got the equaliser for Villa, but the St Andrew's faithful spurred Blues onto a famous win with Nikola Zigic's late winner.
Blues 2 Wolves 0 - 06/04/09
Blues defeated league leaders Wolves to close the gap to just two points with a month of the season remianing.
Almost 26,000 fans turned up on a Monday night to watch Alex McLeish's side take a step closer to promotion.
Cameron Jerome and Garry O'Connor got the goals in front of a vociferous crowd after Lee Carsley saw red.
Blues 1 Manchester United 1 - 28/10/10
When United rolled into town looking to regain top spot in the Premier League, Blues had lost only one of their last 23 league games at home.
That incredible record was put to the test when Dimitar Berbatov put the visitors ahead just before the hour.
But backed by a sell-out crowd, Blues showed the steely resolve which had served them so well to rescue a point in the 90th minute.
Lee Bowyer slid in an equaliser from an offside position after a cross had hit Zigic's arm to send the stadium into raptures. The controversial nature of the goal made it all the sweeter.
Blues 2 Watford 1 - 04/11/14
Gary Rowett returned to St Andrew's in fairytale fashion as Blues disposed of the Championship leaders under the lights.
The scene was set for the newly-appointed boss to return to the club they spent two years at as a player, in their first home match in charge.
Clayton Donaldson's opener within two minutes was cancelled out by Fernando Forestieri's leveller just seven minutes later.
Watford fancied themselves to push on but, spurred on by the season's highest crowd at that point, Donaldson struck again in the final stages.
In an electric atmopshere, the Tilton all but sucked their header into the net - and they were left celebrating their side's third win of the term.
Blues 2 Club Brugge 2 - 03/11/11
There's nothing better than European football under the lights.
And Blues fans didn't disappoint - turning up in their droves to watch their side against the Belgian giants.
The visitors played their part, too, in a special atmosphere, with over 2,500 Brugge supporters in the away end.
In a superb fightback from 2-0 down on the pitch, Blues players bounced off the fans and vice versa to create a memorable occasion.
Both matches against Brugge will live long in the memory.
Blues 3 West Ham 1 - 26/01/11
After beating Villa 2-1 in the League Cup quarter final, Blues were drawn against West Ham in the semis.
And once Carlton Cole had added to the Hammers' lead from the first leg to make the aggregate score 3-1, Blues were faced with an almighty task to turn things around.
But with the consistent backing of a menacing crowd, they pulled it off.
First Bowyer, then Roger Johnson, then Craig Gardner in extra time struck to seal Birmingham's path to Wembley.
The noise was deafening and the performance herculean.
Blues 2 Blackpool 2 - 09/05/12
Blues were hoping to bounce back to the Premier League at the first attempt - and only a goal down from the first leg, they had a fighting chance.
On the night, though, Chris Hughton's charges found themselves 3-0 down on aggregate when Matt Phillips poked home shortly after half-time.
Another huge effort was required, and Blues came so close to pulling it off in a melting pot of passion and desire.
The St Andrew's fans gave their players the kiss of life inspiring Zigic to pull one back.
They then injected another shot of hope into Blues' revival with a roaring wall of noise - which was followed by Curtis Davies' thumping header, prompting the commentator to wax lyrical about "the old ground shaking to its very foundations".
Sadly, Birmingham couldn't muster another goal. But what a noise.
Blues 3 Nacional 0 - 25/08/11
(Image: Nick Potts/PA Wire)
Nathan Redmond burst onto the scene in the club's first European home game in nearly 50 years.
The winger, then just 17, broke the deadlock with a fine run and finish from outside the box in a man-of-the-match performance.
The reaction from a sell-out crowd was one of pride as Blues cast Nacional aside to qualify for the Europa League group stages.
David Murphy and Chris Wood added to add to the feel-good factor in the air.
Blues 1 Aston Villa 1 - 30/10/16
The first second city derby meeting in the league for five years had it all.
Both sides pushing for the top six, a sold out St Andrew's and, to top it all off, the return of Steve Bruce.
The St Andrew's capacity had been restricted but that didn't put a lid on the noise. The atmosphere was tense and heated.
Both goals were met with joyous scenes from their supporters - but David Davis' equaliser sparked truly wild celebrations.
Blues 2 Wolves 1 - 07/02/10
Veteran forward Kevin Phillips rolled back the years to turn the derby on its head.
Blues were losing 1-0 when Phillips came off the bench will under half an hour left.
The deadly striker hit twice in the final 10 minutes to hand the hosts an exhilarating three points, with the winner almost lifting the roof off St Andrew's.
New Delhi [India], Mar. 20 (NewsVoir): Nelson Mandela once said, "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - A self-explanatory quote meticulously justifying the vitality of education in contemporary society. Education is imperative as it helps in mitigating most of the challenges faced in one's life, thus, enabling individuals to make a difference and be the change makers.
In this regard, Madhu Pandit Dasa - Chairman of the Akshaya Patra Foundation shares their views on how to bring every child to school.
The 'right to education' is universally affirmed in numerous international human rights treaties. Worldwide, most governments, including Government of India, have enshrined a provision for the right to education in their national constitutions. In India, a lot has been done in this direction, but we are far away from the target. According to the UNESCO's Education for All (EFA) Global Monitoring Report on out-of-school children, over 1.4 million children aged six to eleven in India are out of school.
Considering that a child is a future of the country, it is mandatory to bring every child to school. It is significant to identify why children remain out-of-school and address the underlying reasons. Some of the major reasons listed are distance, lack of infrastructure and lack of funds to enable them to gain proper education, instead of having to struggle and earn a living to fill their stomach.
Education is the basic need of every child. It is interesting to note that India has lesser number of schools considering the school going populace. Building more schools is one way which will give an option for every child of certain education. Increasing the number of schools for the differently-abled will also help to build an inclusive society. The school infrastructure also plays a key role in enrolment and attendance. Building of toilets, for instance, will ensure that adolescent girls will have access to safe and hygienic sanitation at school and will not be forced to drop out.
It's not just important to improve the density of schools and teachers, but also crucial to ensure that there are incentives for them to attend school. When considering rural parts of Jharkhand, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, teacher absenteeism rate is considerably high. It will be prudent to focus on this concern. As per a survey of primary schools in India, 25 percent of teachers in government primary schools are absent on a typical working day. Rate of absence vary from 15 percent in Maharashtra to 38 percent in Bihar, and 42 percent in Jharkhand.
As per 2017 Social Progress Index (SPI), India ranks lower than Nepal and Bangladesh, standing at 93rd position among 128 countries. In the stated report, the country ranked 100th in foundations of basic well-being, which included access to basic knowledge and primary school enrolment.
In the case of mid-day meal schemes, it has been proved that the promise of a meal can do wonders. Likewise, the poverty rate in the country can also be curtailed if we ensure that every child is educated, regardless of the gender. Such initiatives will confirm successful gender parity in education, which will reap substantial benefits in health, equality, and employment opportunities.
More initiatives to alleviate societal maladies along with the ongoing welfare schemes, can work as a big boost in increasing the rate of education in India. It will be sensible to focus on overcoming the obstacles in education sector, and bring every child to school. (NewsVoir)
Straight seam high-frequency erw steel pipe has been continuously improved due to advances in technology for more than ten years, so that its application range has been rapidly expanded. Its main advantages are:
a. It does not add any chemical components during the welding process, and its welding quality depends mainly on the quality of the base metal. In recent years, due to the continuous improvement of the quality of hot rolled coils, the quality of the welds has been improved in the pipe making process. Even if the quality of the welds is slightly insufficient, the quality of the entire steel pipe will not be affected.
b. In recent years, due to the advancement of automation technology, the main parameters of resistance welding can be optimized by computer control, so that the welding quality is greatly improved.
c. Has a small residual stress and a high strength.
d. High geometric accuracy, easy to install on site, butt welds and anti-corrosion construction.
e. Short weld bead, which means improved reliability.
f. It has a price advantage, and its price is much lower than that of straight seam double-sided submerged arc welded steel pipe. However, due to the lack of weld quality in straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes, external anti-corrosion treatment is required.
In recent years, straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes have developed rapidly in China, and can produce DN400 steel pipes.
APRIL 24, 2018 — Kuwait News Agency reports that Kuwait Oil Tanker Company (KOTC) has signed a $167.6 million contract with South Korean shipbuilder Hyundai Mipo Dockyard covering the construction of four 48,000 dwt petroleum products tankers.
The first of the vessels will be delivered in February 2020 with deliveries of the others following by May 2020.
The orders are part of a major KOTC fleet overhaul that aims for a significant increase of the company's gas and petroleum products vessels based on the needs of Kuwait Petroleum Corporation.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Bengaluru (Karnataka) [India], Dec 11 (ANI-NewsVoir): Rado, the Swiss watch brand known for its innovative use of design and materials, unveiled the new Rado HyperChrome collection with global brand ambassador Hrithik Roshan at an event in Bangalore on Monday.
The official launch of brand's new timepieces took place Rado boutique at UB City mall. Situated in a prominent location at city's most premium mall, the boutique offers an attractive selection of Rado's latest collections.
Sporting a Rado watch from the new collection, brand ambassador Hrithik Roshan stated, "Being a timekeeper and a watch aficionado myself, I feel excited to launch the new HyperChrome collection by Rado at its newly opened boutique at UB City mall, Bangalore. The brand has been an important catalyst in making watch industry smart, relevant and chic. I feel ecstatic to be a part of this new collection and congratulate Rado on setting a new benchmark in the watch industry. This innovative range is my personal favourite because every timepiece reiterates my personal sense of style."
"I feel delighted with the launch of the new HyperChrome collection. Through these timepieces, Rado has once again shown its ultimate dedication to creativity and innovation. With the belief of pushing itself to challenge the boundaries of traditional watchmaking, Rado has successfully mastered the art of innovative materials and technology, resulting in the creation of pieces that were once believed to be impossible," said Rado CEO Matthias Breschan.
"With their new collection, Rado has set a benchmark by launching their signature all day, every occasion timepiece. We hope that we keep receiving the love from the Indian market which helps us to expand more. This new launch in Bangalore city is like one step forward to win the hearts of all watch lovers who can choose from the wide and exquisite range of timepieces that the brand has to offer," they added.
The HyperChrome collection includes the best of both the worlds. Being stylishly understated, the collection offers an elegant take on Rado's distinctive new designs.
The new Rado boutique in Bengaluru is located at 108, First Level, The Collection, UB City mall. It is open seven days a week from 10:30 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. (ANI-NewsVoir)
Two league games in and some fans are already moaning.
Yes, it hasn't been the perfect start we had all been dreaming about.
Crawley Town fans Pete and Gemma who travelled down from Dundee for the Birmingham City game. Picture by Steve Herbert SUS-170814-123616002
But the season is only one-week-old. Let's give Harry Kewell and Warren Feeney the time they deserve to get their selection right. Results will come.
The loss against Port Vale on the opening day could so easily of been a draw or even a Reds win, such was the momentum by Crawley in the second half of that game.
As for the 1-0 defeat at Cheltenham on Saturday. I wasn't surprised.
We never win at Cheltenham, it's just one of those grounds we always struggle at.
Patience is the key here. The games are coming thick and fast. That first win of the season is just around the corner.
Last Tuesday I travelled up to Birmingham by train for our league cup tie at St Andrew's.
Before the game I met up with some of our exiled Crawley fans for some liquid refreshment in the Shakespeare pub next to New Street station.
One of those fans was our ex-kit man and long time Crawley fan Graham Longley, who these days reside on their Crawley named canal boat in the midlands.
What an interesting chap, who had many a story to tell. I look forward to meeting up with Graham again at future away games.
Also in attendance were Alf (Liverpool) Mick (York) and Pete and Gemma who had travelled all the way down from (Dundee) for the game. Now that truly is dedication!
As for the match itself, the scoreline pretty much tells the story.
Although Crawley weren't as out-played as that suggests, more a case of defensive lapses.
For a good 27 minutes we were most certainly holding our own. The highlight of the night was without doubt Panutche Camara's last minute consolation. A fabulous strike that at least gave us 133 loyal Reds something to cheer.
A special mention also has to go to the two Dutch lads that travelled over for the game. Fantastic effort.
After the game I was offered the chance of a lift home with G&H coaches as they had a spare seat going.
Now I'm not a great fan of coach travel, but I have to say a certain Reds fan on board, no names mentioned Aidan! Kept us entertained with their prank calls to local Birmingham establishments, much to the amusement of the back of the coach.
Next up is Cambridge United at the Checkatrade Stadium. I for one will be looking for a performance like the second half show we gave against Port Vale. Only this time let's hope the points go Crawley's way. Stay patient people that first win of the season is coming.
Ben Smith is keeping calm ahead of becoming the 68th All Blacks captain tomorrow night against Samoa, although they do admit he's taking some notes out of a highly-regarded former teammate's book when it comes to the new gig.
Smith, who has captained the Highlanders since 2014 and led the side to their first ever Super Rugby title in 2015, says there are a few mental aspects from Richie McCaw's approach he'll take into tomorrow night at Eden Park.
"A big thing that stood out for me is they were consistent in what they did," Smith told media today.
"He led a lot through their actions but I think they were always calm and they always had a lot of trust in the group - that's something I took away from Richie."
McCaw captained the All Blacks in 110 matches of their 148-Test career, winning 98 of those games including two Rugby World Cup finals in 2011 and 2015.
McCaw's successor and usual All Blacks captain Kieran Read is currently sidelined recovering from surgery for a fractured thumb they received while playing for the Crusaders against the Cheetahs at the end of April.
Christian Day feels Saints were their own worst enemy in Saturday's defeat to Ospreys.
The lock believes individual errors were the key to their team's undoing in their 43-32 loss, which was a ninth in 10 matches for Jim Mallinder's men.
Ospreys, who had not won away in Europe's top tier tournament since 2009, scored six tries at Franklin's Gardens.
Saints did fight back in the final 20 minutes, and they scored five tries of their own.
But it was too little, too late as the soul-searching continued at the Gardens.
"We need to look at ourselves," Day said. "There's no point looking for a quick fix.
"I missed a tackle for a try and everyone has got something to work on.
"We knew the Ospreys were a good team - they've got British Lions playing for them and they opened up a big lead.
"We were our own worst enemy and we're very disappointed.
"It wasn't a lack of effort or physicality - it was mistakes.
"I wasn't trying to miss a tackle on their full-back (Dan Evans), who had a great game, and they put seven points on the board.
"It was two teams wanting to win and we weren't good enough."
Server provisioning has historically played a key role in IT's control over enterprise systems: IT approved and provisioned developers' requests for compute resources, enforcing security controls and policies along the way.
Cloud technologies are being adopted widely, creating hybrid environments. Cloud undermines the traditional provisioning model; developers can now allocate resources themselves with the swipe of a credit card. The cloud's hyper-scale and automation provide flexibility and virtually infinite scale, which enterprise IT must harness while protecting corporate IP and data.
Forward-thinking IT organizations from the world's biggest banks, media, and retail companies are moving quickly to seek the cloud's advantages while maintaining control over enterprise assets. This article explores the challenges enterprises face in the hybrid world, as well as the approaches emerging to solve them.
The hybrid cloud is complex
The diverse environments of hybrid cloud create massive complexity. Agents and virtual appliances are unwieldy and difficult to manage. Perimeter defenses like firewalls are no longer sufficient and networks need to be protected internally, but segmentation can create traffic jams or go the other way, allowing too many actors in. Data and workload portability compound these risks. Meanwhile, separation of duties vanishes as developers deploy resources in multiple environments without IT's knowledge.
IT needs to replace traditional enforcement methods so that cloud resources are properly accessed, provisioned, secured, operated, and monitored.
Existing solutions are inadequate
The cloud's complex, varied parameters render conventional security enforcement mechanisms inadequate. The three methods by which security controls and policies are enforced on hybrid clouds come with issues:
Provider-based security. Enterprise IT sometimes employs a cloud provider's security controls while maintaining their existing set-up on private clouds. For small companies that use a single public cloud with few regulatory restraints, this can be a viable option.
However, adding environments increases complexity, as IT must manage various security postures. Further, for firms subject to regulatory security concerns (e.g. HIPAA), provider offered encryption often raises objections. Finally, for provider-based security to work, developers shoulder some of the burden of implementation
Agents. Agent-based solutions present another option. Unfortunately, IT runs on a simple truth: “If it's slow, they'll turn it off.” If agents incur a significant performance or operational penalty — remember encrypted email? — users will likely deactivate them or find workarounds.
Additionally, though agents can provide insight into activity on workloads compromised during an attack, malware can disable them upon installation, undermining that advantage.
Virtual appliances. This third set of solutions enforces security using virtual appliances, which are unsuited to the highly virtual hybrid cloud. They are unscalable, as a virtual appliance must be placed every few instances. Additionally, virtual appliances degrade performance by creating chokepoints mitigated only with control over hardware appliances.
Workload protection provides the solution
Due to these challenges, hybrid cloud environments must be secured differently than independent public or private clouds.
“Workload protection platform” is a catchall term for hybrid cloud security 24 SD Times December 2017 www.sdtimes.com Enforcing enterprise policies on Hybrid architectures that's gaining momentum in the industry. Enforcing policies using workload protection can enable a single policy framework across environments, but it must meet four core requirements:
1) Remains consistent across hybrid clouds. Consistency is the defining design principle behind hybrid cloud security solutions. In on-premises environments, no one would use Cisco and Juniper in one data center, and another set of providers elsewhere.Yet firms manage multiple sets of controls in their hybrid environments.
Security policies must be enforced consistently everywhere developers work, minimizing IT's operational overhead.
2) Enables separation of duties. Separation of duties is critical to the cloud, yet under-discussed. IT needs the ability to enforce security controls and policies without disrupting the end user experience that cloud offers developers.
Ensuring separation of duties requires that IT security enforcement be transparent; like SSL in browsers, developers shouldn't notice it's there. Using virtualization to deliver security offers this benefit. When inserted above a cloud provider's hypervisor, a virtualization layer provides an IT enforcement point with all the benefits of cloud provider-based security, but without the compromises of multi-tenancy and single platform limitations. Solution providers should insist that this virtualization layer be lightweight—for example, nested virtualization is a virtualization-based approach but incurs significant performance penalties.
3) Provides operational simplicity. Three constructs deliver operationally simple workload protection:
First, policy deployment must operate in concert with existing cloud workflows. Deploying tags on resources, and writing policies on those tags, is one way to achieve this. Already common to the developer workflow, tags define deployments on AWS, GCP, and others. These tags remain with assets if they are copied or moved. An example of policy written on tags is, “environments tagged ‘dev' can only communicate with other environments tagged ‘dev'.“ Written like this, policies can be general like the above, or extremely granular, written to control specific ports, databases, or volumes.
Second, policy enforcement should be decoupled from network constructs. Implementations like VLANs and subnets become incredibly complex to manage when spread across heterogeneous environments. Tagging allows policies to be written on workloads, applications, and data instead of conventional constructs like IP addresses.
Third, policies should be cryptographically enforced. In any environment, but particularly across hybrid cloud, IT must deal with the risks of malware, malicious insiders, and mistakes. Encryption of data at rest and/or in motion protects enterprises from these threats, satisfying regulatory requirements for financial services, healthcare, and other large enterprises.
Tags allow policies to be enforced cryptographically, with the solution checking decryption requests against policies in a centralized control plane before actually decrypting any resource. These yields automated, error-free policy enforcement, with the added benefit of always on encryption that doesn't impede developers or alter their workflow.
4) Protects the full workload. Finally, a weakness shared by existing 3rd party enforcement mechanisms is that they deal primarily in network constructs—through IP tables, VLANs, and others. While this is an effective method of protecting the perimeter and creating segmentation, it fails to ensure storage or compute security. Even with network-based protections, data can be moved or copied, and instances can be booted. Without protecting the full workload—network, storage, and compute—existing solutions cannot fully meet the unique security needs introduced by hybrid cloud.
Tagging resources, be it data, network links, or instances, and then crypto-enforcing policies on them allows security platforms to both simplify cloud operations and provides a measure of IT control over the full workload.
Conclusion
The operational complexity and risk introduced by hybrid environments is significant, but given the advantages of the hybrid cloud, adoption will continue to increase.
Enterprises require a single policy framework across environments—and soon. Solution providers must make consistency, separation of duties, operational simplicity, and full workload protection the core of security solutions in the cloud. When enterprises demand it, workload protection platforms will offer the scalability of cloud-based solutions, the host-based context of agent-based solutions, and the flat network appeal of virtual appliances— all in one solution. This powerful architecture allows enterprises to leverage the hybrid cloud with IT control over security, without disrupting developer workflows.
I am a single mom renting a condo in the Goleta Union School District. I have been a PTA member for eight years, ever since my first child started kindergarten. I am also a past PTA president and a past PTA treasurer, and have served in many other volunteer capacities at our school to raise the necessary funds to keep our educational specialists.
Also, I have served as a District Advisory Council member for our school, and was a member of the Goleta Union School District Strategic Task Force for several years, working directly with the school board and the district to ensure proper curriculum development. All of this is to say that I am very involved in our community, and I care deeply about the welfare of our children and future opportunities that we make available to them as they grow into adulthood.
I have been studying the issue of Bishop Ranch including the request that the Goleta City Council initiate an amendment to the city's General Plan to change the zoning designation from agriculture, which according to the city's own study isn't a viable use for the property, to urban. This would allow the owner of the property to build much-needed workforce housing that would also generate substantial sums of money for our local school district. This seems like a win-win to me. It seems to me this property offers great potential for people like me who need more housing opportunities that are affordable.
I hope the Goleta City Council will vote to initiate Tuesday night and allow the property owner to create a master-planned community on a portion of this site for local families to live and raise their children.
Dawn Eyman
Goleta
Manchester United 2 Huddersfield Town 0
Alexis Sanchez's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to remember those who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster.
Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives, including eight of the players, as Sir Matt Busby's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade.
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of a match that United won, with goals from Romelu Lukaku and home debutant Sanchez sealing the victory against David Wagner's Terriers.
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts, who claimed a penalty when Terence Kongolo poleaxed Scott McTominay.
United were struggling for a creative spark but went up a gear after half-time, going ahead within 10 minutes of the restart when Lukaku smartly turned home a Juan Mata cross.
Sanchez won a penalty and saw it saved, only to turn home the rebound on their Old Trafford debut as United bounced back from the midweek loss at Tottenham, extending Huddersfield's winless Premier League run to an eighth match.
United showed spirit to break down the visitors on a day when the club remembered those killed so tragically in 1958.
Hundreds of fans congregated under the Munich plaque to pay their respects outside Old Trafford. When inside, they received a commemorative pack containing a book telling the story of the disaster along with a complimentary programme and letter from Ed Woodward.
“(Munich) is forever woven into the fabric of this club's history,” the executive vice-chairperson wrote in a letter to fans who impeccably observed a minute's silence.
United started the match on the front foot and Jesse Lingard was soon racing through, only to fire straight at Jonas Lossl. Chris Smalling got away a tame header as the Terriers continued to be starved of possession.
Town's players were making their presence felt, though, and the Old Trafford faithful were up in arms as not only was McTominay forcibly bundled over by Kongolo but referee Stuart Attwell did not point to the spot.
Town fans were also growing irritated with the officials, but Philip Billing was walking a fine line with some of their challenges — and Rajiv van La Parra embarrassed themselves by miraculously returning to their feet having feigned injury.
Sanchez went down in the box claiming a penalty shortly after Lossl denied them a fine goal from the edge of the box, but United were lacking a spark and Huddersfield were only creating half-chances in a goalless first half.
Mourinho did not make any half-time changes, but their players immediately looked sharper.
New boy Sanchez wriggled free to get away a close-range shot blocked superbly by Tommy Smith and their intent bore fruit in the 55th minute.
United battled to win possession in Huddersfield's half and the ball was swiftly played wide for Mata to whip in a cross steered home smartly by Lukaku.
Paul Pogba came on as Mourinho's Reds looked to add another, with substitute Michael Hefele soon gifting them that chance by clumsily bringing down Sanchez.
Lossl saved the resulting spot-kick, but the Chilean was not to be denied a first United goal as they slotted in the rebound.
Lukaku and Pogba had chances to compound matters as the rain fell, although Town were showing the odd glimpse of attacking intent as the match came to a close.
Trevor Steinhardt is delighted their $11.7m expansion for their macadamia farm has been approved.
Trevor Steinhardt is delighted their $11.7m expansion for their macadamia farm has been approved. Mike Knott BUN151111MAC2
MORE than 100 jobs will be created locally following Bundaberg Regional Council approval of an $11.7 million expansion to Macadamias Australia.
The council formally signed off on the development this week with the project expected to create jobs, drive tourism development and significantly expand the company's macadamia processing capability.
Council planning and development spokesperson Ross Sommerfeld said the proposal had come before council late last year and represented a huge vote of confidence by the proponents in the Bundaberg region.
"The potential exists not only to grow and process up to 10,000 tonnes of nut in the next few years but also the creation of a tourist facility, which will certainly value add to the business," they said.
TOP DOLLAR: More than 100 jobs will be created after an $11.7 million expansion by Bundaberg company Macadamias Australia. Megan Dean
"Macadamias Australia, operated by the Steinhardt family from a property located off Goodwood Road, now supplies macadamia kernel to over 15 countries worldwide.
"They have 195,000 macadamia trees planted and additional plantings are anticipated to significantly increase local macadamia production in the next few years."
Cr Sommerfeld said it was estimated in excess of 100 jobs would be created both during construction and through the operational capacity of the facility.
"The staged development, to be built around the existing infrastructure, incorporates a 6291sq m value adding processing plant and a 535sq m building for onsite sale of nut products."
When the NewsMail caught up with Macadamias Australia director Trevor Steinhardt in December, they spoke about their plans to lead the family-owned, Goodwood Rd agribusiness into the Chinese market in April.
"The China market has gone from zero to consuming about 30 per cent of world production in five years and it's still not enough," they said.
The Historic Fort Harrison
Contact
Amber Skjelset
***@cos.flag.org Amber Skjelset
End
-- On February 25th the Church of Scientology invites members of the community for a tour of the Fort Harrison and the Clearwater Building, both restored historic landmarks.The Manager of the Scientology Information Center, Mrs. Amber Skjelset, will be conducting a guided tour of the Fort Harrison and the Clearwater Building on February 25th at 1:30pm. The tour begins at the landmark Fort Harrison where its architectural restoration, well-maintained decor and beautiful furnishings can be seen. Visitors will learn about the building's history as well as current community activities.The Fort Harrison, standing 11 stories tall, was built in 1926. It was considered Clearwater's first "skyscraper,"which at that time was defined as a "building of 10-20 floors." The Fort Harrison was purchased by the Church of Scientology in 1975 making it the International Religious Retreat for visiting parishioners receiving religious services. In 2009, the Church undertook a top to bottom restoration of the Fort Harrison bringing it up to modern standards and polishing up its beautiful interiors.The historic Clearwater Building was built in 1918 as the Bank of Clearwater. It was also acquired by the Church in 1975 and now serves as the Scientology Information Center since July 2015. Guests will see its grand lobby, architectural restoration and gallery of audio-visual displays covering basic Scientology beliefs, Churches around the world and ongoing social programs."The Fort Harrison's beauty was breathtaking. I never knew it was so beautiful inside. I was also pleased to see what activities the Church has been doing in the community," said one local resident."We have been conducting regular tours of our historic buildings and they have become so popular that we are making them available on a monthly basis," said Ms. Skjelset.For more information or to RSVP please contact Amber Skjelset, the Scientology Information Center Manager at (727) 467-6966, amber@cos.flag.org or visit scientology-fso.orgAbout the Church of Scientology:The Scientology religion was founded by humanitarian and philosopher,L. Ron Hubbard. The first Church of Scientology was formed in the United States in 1954 and has expanded to more than 11,000 churches, missions and affiliated groups, with millions of members in 167 nations. Scientologists are optimistic about life and believe there is hope for a saner world and better civilization, and actively do all they can to help achieve this. Based on L. Ron Hubbard's words, "A community that pulls together can make a better society for all."Photo caption: The Historic Fort Harrison, restored in 2009 welcomes the community for special tours and community events
A longtime critic of Bruce Gibson says the San Luis Obispo County supervisor violated conflict of interest laws by voting against Airbnb rentals near their home in Cayucos and family ranch in Cambria.
Julie Tacker, who says she's filed 10 complaints with the Fair Political Practices Commission over the past six years, said Gibson "has taken a strong and biased position in opposition to permitting new short-term vacation rentals in their district," an issue that will come to the board again in the next few months.
Gibson's property value could be enhanced or harmed by a nearby vacation rental, and they should have recused themselves during 2016 and 2017 votes, they said. They also should recuse themselves from votes on other proposed permits in Cayucos coming to the board in July, they said.
Gibson denied the claims in a letter to the FPPC and said they have no conflict of interest.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Julie Tacker
The Cayucos home they voted against and those seeking permits are in their neighborhood, with the closest about five blocks down the street, some 1,200 feet away.
"All sites are out of sight and earshot of my property," and "no evidence, in the complaint or elsewhere, suggests that my property is at all affected by granting or denying a (vacation rental) permit," Gibson said.
The FPPC said it would investigate their previous vote on the Cayucos home, but dismissed the allegations related to Cambria. That the FPPC is investigating doesn't mean it found validity to the claim or evidence wrongdoing, according to a May 10 letter in response to the complaint.
Gibson is up for re-election and faces two challengers, one of whom Tacker supports: Jeff Eckles. Any candidate who gets more than 50 percent of the vote Tuesday will win the seat on the Board of Supervisors. If the vote is split, the race continues to November.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK United States Congressman Salud Carbajal led a rally against oil drilling off California's coast on Wednesday, February 21, 2018 in San Luis Obispo. Joe JohnstonThe Tribune
The commission likely won't make a determination on the complaint for months.
Gibson said in an interview with The Tribune on Wednesday that they fundamentally disagree with the complaint, and said "consider the source."
Tacker has been a vocal critic of Gibson dating back to the Los Osos sewer controversy.
"First of all, you look at who it comes from: a longtime sewer critic who is trying to bring something around the elections. I think the complaint is without merit, and sadly unsurprising from who it comes from," Gibson said.
"This seems like a desperate move to prevent me in participating in decisions before July," they said.
In July, the board will be asked to review denials of permits for short-term vacation rentals permits for three more Cayucos homes, two of which are represented by Tacker's long-term romantic partner Jeff Edward and their business, where they are an office manager. Edwards also represented the Cayucos property owners in the permitting issue that Gibson voted against in 2016.
That's not why she's reporting the allegations, they said.
"My awareness is because of Jeff, but not my interest," Tacker said. "When I see something that looks out of compliance, I don't have an issue reporting to the proper authorities."
The actor now stars in military drama Our Girl.
Former Coronation Street star Michelle Keegan has said “never say never” about a return to the cobbles.
The actor, who now plays a soldier in the BBC drama Our Girl, played Tina McIntyre in the ITV soap between 2008 and 2014.
They told the Press Association: “I always say that I'd love to go back to Corrie – I was always a massive fan of Coronation Street growing up and I'll never say never.
“You never know what happens in the future.”
Speaking at the launch of their collection for fashion brand Very, they said their husband Mark Wright was unable to attend but would be watching a video of the catwalk show.
Michelle Keegan at the launch of their latest collection for Very (Matt Crossick/PA)
They said: “He's in LA. I did speak to them actually this morning, they did really wish they could be here but I said I'm gonna film it (on my phone) and I'll send it over to him.”
Keegan themselves is also auditioning in Los Angeles, adding: “It's going really well. I have an agent out there so I'm constantly in contact with him.
“And the beauty of my profession is that you don't actually have to be in LA to audition. You self-tape and you send it over.
“So it's great to meet directors and casting directors face to face but I also self-tape as well.”
© Press Association 2018
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
THE year 2017 will be a tough one because the world is busy defending itself on several fronts. Its borders are closing, the European Union is falling apart, terrorism refuses to die, and climate change continues to surprise us. Recently, two superpowers argued over a US-owned drone, submerged in our waters, and taken away by the Chinese government, as we watched like a sunburnt Mom observing a tennis match.
Here at home, the Constitution will soon be on everyone's radar screen, while the Maute group asserts its bloody self, and massive social development and infrastructure funds are poured out by an administration keen to prove its capacity in becoming the poor's best friend. The death penalty will be restored despite intense lobbying by the Church, tax reforms will be enacted, and millions of overseas Filipino workers will have their own department. The popularity of President Rodrigo Duterte will be sustained and may even get a rocket boost, as their departments go full steam ahead with pro-poor programs.
This is the year when we all go back to school as citizens, and try to get a grip on our cultural and political identity. Is there enough justification for the country to go federal? How open should our economy be? How truly independent is our foreign policy? As in all things, the media and their audience will rely heavily on the government's communications efforts. For example, the congressional announcement about the inclusion of P8 billion in the 2017 General Appropriations Act for free tuition in state universities and colleges received enormous support. How will this be implemented? The gap between this radical policy announcement and the mechanics behind its actual implementation will make a huge difference in terms of the administration's credibility.
I expect more good news from the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH). Secretary Mark Villar has been proving their earlier detractors wrong, showing high energy, competence and integrity. The Department of Health is doing a terrific job under Secretary Paulyn Jean Rosell-Ubial who has been in public service for 27 years and has been under 13 health secretaries. Labor Secretary Silvestre Bello III has been relentless in seeking out a compromise in carrying out the President's instructions to end “endo.” The new department order on labor-only contracting is more complex and will be the subject of another column. They continue to shine on the labor migration front, with their initiatives to increase the number of labor and welfare attaches, and to bring home our stranded OFWs in Saudi Arabia.
The Bases Conversion Development Authority (BCDA) will have its hands full with the construction of the 9,450-hectare Clark Green City, described as the country's first smart, green and disaster-resilient city. Meanwhile, the Diosdado Macapagal International Airport is all set for an upgrade, sealing its role as Central Luzon's premier international airport.
The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) will have to level up and accelerate its programs and services. A glance at its mobile website does not inspire. We need more sparks of creativity from the DICT, which has one of the weirdest Christmas messages ever (it's on their website: www.dict.gov.ph). One would think that the DICT Secretary would have the most memorable, succinct, and “shareable” Christmas message among the bureaucrats.
This is going to be a tough year but a rewarding one if we are able to achieve both economic development and political stability. Communication Secretary Martin Andanar needs to reinforce their communications team, particularly on the substantive side. Incoming Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano deserves a rebranding of sorts, from hardcore politician to Asia's topnotch diplomat, which would also require more moments of introspection and, yes, prayerful restraint from their end. We expect more policy coherence and political maturity from the President's own allies in Congress, especially when matters as hefty as constitutional reforms become the primary agenda.
I am excited about the New Year. From this corner to yours, May 2017 be a kinder year, with more reasons to be engaged (hopefully, not enraged) as citizens of this beloved Republic. Let there be abundance in love and understanding and complete demolition of the forces of spite and hatred in our individual and national lives. A new beginning is upon us, bursting with infinite possibilities. I wish you well. Always.
All major fashion brands are targeting millions of their users through social media. Businesses are depending on creating great content because the social media channels are growing marketing friendly. The platforms like Snapchat and Pinterest have launched ad groups as well.
A well-organized social media campaign is bound to generate results. However, if you are looking for great social media strategies then you need a great creative team, data research, lots of coffee and patience to hold long discussions.
Any brand that wants to explore the social media options will have to analyze the available data. The data will help them understand which demography is more likely to buy their products and which social media platform to choose.
The fashion enthusiasts and the beauticians have fallen almost instantly in love with the Instagram. You can simply say that it is love at first impression. Also, it appears like it is not just a fling. The application has 200 million users sharing 60 million pictures every day.
With its growing popularity among the increasing number of users, let us understand how you can leverage the social media platform to reach out to your target audience.
Retain followers with organic posting
Use your content expertise to communicate with your existing followers. Create the posts that compel your followers to share and engage with your posts. Do not embed your Instagram account with other social media platforms. A fresh content to each platform is a new way to reach out your qualified buyers.
Invest your time in the research and create a strategy for the organic posting. Establish the brand identity and develop content exclusively for the Instagram. Instagram is all about the impressions. Focus on creating great content which appeals to the first time visitor. Do not give them a reason to ignore your account and convert the first time visitors to regular visitors.
Partner with the other accounts that are related to your business. There are several influencers and social media celebrities. You can leverage into their follower base and reach out to the audience for branding. Research and filter the accounts that also target your potential customers. Partner with them and together create a content strategy which will address the questions your target audiences are asking.
When in Rome,
Every city has a unique identity and cultural history. You can use this complex diversity to your advantage. Create a local account and tailor your content for the local relevance.
All social media channels allow you to create multiple local accounts for the same brand. However, ensure that you carry the same brand identity.
Keep your content consistent and reach out to the local audience through the most trending fashion topics in a particular area.
Invest, but wisely
Retaining the followers and engaging with them is the objective of the organic posting. However, if you want new followers you will have to go for the paid campaigns.
The paid ads will help you engage with the audience. You can share the information; discuss the latest stock, designs, offers etc. Also, you can share the updates on the latest product launch with the new users through the paid campaigns.
The paid campaigns allow you to narrow down the recipients and target the people who fit into your business buyer persona. The photo and video sharing applications offer you the user insights which will help you understand how your ad campaigns are performing.
Calculate before taking risks
Branding is not always getting personal and bold. It is okay to be simple and clear. Some risks work in the brand's favor and some don't. Before creating the ads, understand the available data. Realize what your ideal customer is looking for on the internet.
Use compelling content and appealing visuals to attract your ideal customers. Experiment a bit to attract the user's attention. You can consider adding video content to your strategy.
Measure your campaigns
Merely doing the campaigns is not good enough. Measure your campaigns and understand how you can optimize your ads for maximum efficiency. Compile a list of questions that you want to ask your customers and followers. Talk to your clients and gather the data.
Do a thorough market research on your followers, existing clients, potential leads. Understand the market potential and measure your position. Perform a thorough competitor analysis and assess your position among the competitors.
Before starting a new campaign, understand the limitations of your previous campaigns. Establish your objectives with the help of the data analysis and design a fresh campaign to improve your overall efficiency.
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 7 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Kevin Smith
Location: Santa Barbara
Role: Addiction recovery worker
After being addicted to heroin and alcohol for 26 years, Kevin Smith has spent the last 19 years of their life sober, and helping those in Santa Barbara County battle the same demons they faced two decades before.
Shortly after completing treatment in 1993, Smith utilized their new sobriety by working with the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, whose mission is to build a safer, healthier community by preventing and treating alcoholism and drug abuse.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
In 1994, Smith helped initiate a mock drug court in Santa Barbara County in an effort to help addicts and abusers stay on a treatment course.
“In the mock court we take those in detox and place them in front of a judge and tell them they have to do their treatment,” said Smith. “We found that the mock court has about a 50 percent success rate.”
Today, Smith works at Zona Seca, where they serve as director of the nonprofit organization's Youth and Family Treatment program and supervises its criminal justice program's policies and procedures.
“Zona Seca helps an individual get into recovery, and by doing that it helps bring families together, and makes our community a safer place to live again,” Smith told Noozhawk.
Working with juveniles, Smith said they have witnessed a shifting trend in the types of substances that adolescences are abusing. While alcohol and marijuana abuse are most popular among teenagers, Smith said there has been a spike in the number of adolescents in treatment for prescription medications.
“The youth will steal prescription drugs from their parents,” Smith said. “But there are more and more people getting prescriptions. I'm not saying anything bad about our doctors, but they prescribe for conditions. If someone is having a little stress in their life, they are given a benzodiazepine. We need to talk to parents about locking up their medication.”
Along with working with juveniles in recovery, part of Smith's responsibilities includes coordinating with the county court system to ensure that patients are on the right track to rehabilitation.
“I go in an hour before court and talk about each client's progress,” Smith said. “I work as part of a treatment team consisting of the judge, public defender, district attorney and probation. I focus on treatment and then we do a casing to see if someone is doing well. They are given incentives to do well and there are consequences if they aren't doing so well.”
But as the state of California faces continued budget deficits and widespread spending cuts, Smith is concerned about the future of funding for organizations like Zona Seca and its treatment work and the mock trial program. They say budget cuts in Santa Barbara County could have a significant negative impact.
“Because we're going through such a recession, we're having less funding for treatments,” Smith said. “And at the same time I think there are about 33,000 people being released early from prison, and the majority of them have substance abuse issues. We're looking at some very heavy times without funding.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Tim Fucci can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
When is the Lions squad announced?
The Lions squad for the 10-match tour to New Zealand that includes three tests will be unveiled on Wednesday at 12.0pm, live on Sky News. The captain is likely to be Wales flanker Sam Warburton who led the Lions to a 2-1 test series victory over Australia in 2013, according to the bookmakers and most pundits. Warren Gatland, touring with the Lions for a third time (2009, 2013 and 2017) – the last two as head coach after being the forwards' coach under Ian McGeechan in South Africa, has already informed the player who will lead the party. The touring party names will be read out by Tour manager John Spencer.
Can you follow the announcement anywhere else other than Sky News?
Yes. It's on the Lions Facebook page, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat (lionssnaps), the official Lions App and YouTube.
The squad will comprise of how many players?
Somewhere between 37 and 39 players is the guesstimate. In 1997 the Lions original touring party to South Africa numbered 35, in 2001 to Australia 37, in 2005 to New Zealand 44, in 2009 to South Africa 37 and in 2013 to Australia, 37. There is a suggestion that Gatland may opt to take either one or two more players than the last couple of tours.
How many Irish players will go?
The record Irish representation selected in the original touring party was 14 – Jerry Flannery, Tomas O'Leary and Alan Quinlan didn't make the plane through injury and suspensionn – in 2009 to South Africa, a squad led by Paul O'Connell. The under/over is 9-13.
Paul O' Connell waves to the crowd after the third Lions test against South Africa in 2009. Photo: Stu Forster/Getty Images
Is the coaching/backroom team already known?
Yes, here are some of the main characters. Warren Gatland (head coach), Rob Howley (backs), Steve Borthwick (forwards), Andy Farrell (defence), Graham Rowntree (scrum), Neil Jenkins (kicking), Eanna Falvey (head of medical), Rhodri Brown (chief analyst), Paul Stridgeon (strength & conditioning), John Spencer (tour manager), Ger Carmody (head of operations) and Paddy ‘Rala' O'Reilly (baggage master).
How many matches will they play?
10. They face New Zealand's five rugby franchises, Blues, Crusaders, Highlanders, Chiefs and Hurricanes. The opening match of the tour is against the New Zealand provincial Barbarians and they also face the Maori All Blacks, while not forgetting the ultimate barometer of success and failure of the tour, the three test series against the world champions, New Zealand. The first match is June 3rd, the first test is June 24th and the final test and game of the tour is on July 8th.
What are the kickoff times?
All matches on the tour have an 8.35am kickoff Irish time and will be shown live on Sky Sports.
That's seems a ridiculously tough schedule?
Graham Henry, who coached the Lions in 2001 and masterminded New Zealand's 2011 World Cup victory would agree. They said: “I know from my own experiences how much the players respect getting selected for the Lions. It is the pinnacle of their career. It is massive but they need to do well and I just wonder if the itinerary is suicidal. That is my concern. They are playing New Zealand Maori, they are playing the five franchised teams – and those five franchised teams have nothing to lose, no pressure on them at all, so they will fire everything at the Lions and take them on.”
Is it correct that the New Zealand franchises will be allowed to select their All Blacks for those matches?
Yes. Each franchise has also commissioned special jerseys that they will wear against the Lions. Incidentally as things stand in the Super Rugby Championship, the Crusaders have won all seven matches, the Chiefs and Hurricanes six out of seven, the Highlands four and only the Blues have a losing record with three wins from eight matches.
How did it go the last time the Lions were in New Zealand?
Lions captain Brian O'Driscoll was spear-tackled in the first test and missed the rest of the series and the tourists were given a 3-0 hiding. The Lions coach Clive Woodward brought 44 players, split them into two teams, and there was a massive disconnect within the touring party.
Brian O'Driscoll is carried off the field after injuring their right arm during the first test against New Zealand in 2005. Photo: David Rogers/Getty Images
Have they ever won a series in New Zealand?
Yes, 2-1 in 1971, a squad coached by Welshman Carwyn James and comprising of some of the greatest players of all-time. That is the Lions only test series win over the All Blacks and just to put it in perspective, they have won six and drawn three of 38 tests against New Zealand.
That first game against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians is likely to contain one very familiar face for Lions coach Warren Gatland . . .
Yes, indeed. Their 21-year-old son Bryn, an outhalf, seems odds-on to be selected. The young outhalf is part of the Blues roster for Super Rugby but given that the Lions match against the Blues is four days after the tour opener they are unlikely to play in both; something of a relief one would imagine for Warren and Trudi Gatland.
Any other quirky match-ups?
It's something of a long-shot but former Blackrock College schoolboy and Irish underage international tighthead prop Oliver Jager has come off the bench to play a couple of matches for the Crusaders in Super Rugby this season but with the team having access to their All Blacks they are unlikely to be involved.
What if I want to go, how much will it cost?
Three tests and the Hurricanes game would cost about €8,950 for flights, accommodation and match tickets. The whole shebang, 10 matches (40 nights), would set you back about €12, 550.
How much is the players' tour fee?
The suggestion is that it will be €70,000 per man, up from €50,000 in 2013 with a win bonus for the test series that would take it over €100,000 per player.
Are there still match tickets available for public sale?
Yes but not for the test series. If you wanted to go to the Lions opening match in Whangarei against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians, tickets are available from between NZ$10-$99 while a game against a franchise like the Hurricanes they can still be purchased from the official site (allblacks.com) for between NZ$41-$129.
Is there much travelling in New Zealand?
The matches will be played in Whangarei, Auckland, Christchurch, Dunedin, Rotorua, Hamilton and Wellington.
So who'll win the test series?
New Zealand are 10/11 to win 3-0 and if you think that Lions might squeak home then they're 9/2 to win 2-1.
Gardaí stationed near the Border are seeking the return of machine guns to individual stations ahead of a possible hard Brexit.
They are also asking the Minister for Justice and Garda management for more Armed Support Units (ASUs) to help police the estimated 208 crossings along the 500km Border.
Gardaí along the Border say criminals and subversives see the force as weak and ill-equipped and they are correct, according to Garda Brendan O'Connor who represents Donegal-based members for the Garda Representative Association (GRA).
“Our members feel that criminals and the cross-Border drug dealers and people of a political persuasion, they don't take us seriously. They don't see us as having the capabilities to take them on. They see us as weak. They see us as we see ourselves – untrained, ill-equipped and not enough numbers.”
Israeli-made Uzi sub-machine guns were issued to local detective units until 2012 when Garda management said the gun no longer suited requirements.
Detectives' Smith and Wesson revolvers, which carried six rounds, were also replaced with the 15-shot SiG Sauer handgun. Management said the Sauer, with its increased capacity, would fill the role of both the Uzi and the revolver.
Now GRA representatives want the Uzi, or another automatic machine gun such as the MP7, to be reissued to non-specialised gardaí for use in emergencies.
The association, which has been meeting in Wexford, is also asking for Tasers and body-cameras to be issued to all front-line gardaí.
Having an automatic weapon in each station would allow gardaí to respond to serious situations and provide cover while Armed Support Units are mobilised, Garda O'Connor said.
‘Scramble armed units'
“Ten years ago gardaí could scramble armed units at local level with the Uzi available at local district level. It wasn't ideal, but it was a deterrent,” they said.
“That capability has been taken away despite the threat being greater. And unfortunately cross-Border criminals have access to arms and aren't afraid to use them. Our members are extremely vulnerable on the Border without proper backup.
“If we have an incident now, what do we have? A couple of detectives with a side arm for personal protection and no tactical training. It's just simply not up to the threat and the danger that's there.”
They added: “We need a deterrent. Our members need the confidence to know when they stand on the road and put up their hand that, whoever that person is coming along, feels there will be consequences to their actions.”
Garda O'Connor said gardaí also want more ASUs, covering a wider geographical area, particularly around the Border.
There are currently two ASU's in Border areas, one in Dundalk, Co Louth, and the other in Ballyshannon, Co Donegal, meaning it could take hours for a unit to reach a scene, they said. Garda O'Connor said they would like to see one in every division.
‘Gathering of evidence'
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said issues like firearms and Tasers are a matter for the Garda Commissioner. However, they said they support the introduction of a body camera “in principle”.
“I do believe they will add considerably to the work of An Garda Síochána and I would hope that over a period of time consideration would be given towards having such a scheme. It would protect them in their duties and it would also be important in the gathering of evidence,” they said at the GRA's annual conference in Wexford on Wednesday.
“I'm in favour of them but I understand there is a process and there are also resources issues.”
A garda working group is currently examining different models of body cameras, including cameras which provide a constant “live feed” back to a control centre and ones which store the footage locally on the device before it is uploaded later.
NEW YORK (AP) — Yemeni Americans in New York are speaking out against a U.S. travel ban as the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over whether it should be upheld.
Some Yemeni owners of bodegas, the corner stores so prevalent in New York City, shut down for an hour on Tuesday afternoon to protest against the ban. It was a shortened version of a protest bodega owners initiated last year.
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over Republican President Donald Trump's ban on Wednesday.
This third version of the ban bars nationals of several Muslim majority countries from entering the United States.
Advertisement
Opponents say it discriminates against Muslims; supporters say it's necessary for national security purposes.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested after three people were injured in a brawl at a curry house.
Eight police cars swooped on the scene after reports of a disturbance at the Fazeley Park restaurant in Atherstone Road, Tamworth , at around 11pm on Sunday.
One man was arrested following the incident while one person required hospital treatment.
A spokesperson for Staffordshire Police told our sister title the Tamworth Herald : "We received a call to Fazeley Park just after 11pm last night (August 13) when we received reports of a disturbance.
(Image: Google)
"Three men were reported as being injured and property was damaged.
"A 37-year-old man was arrested at the location on suspicion of common assault and criminal damage and was released under investigation.
"We are still investigating the incident and anyone with information is asked to come forward quoting reference number 947 of August 13."
West Midlands Ambulance Service confirmed they attended the scene and treated three people for various injuries.
An ambulance service spokesperson added: "On arrival, crews found three patients requiring treatment. One was treated for injuries to the head and was taken to hospital.
"Two more were treated and discharged at the scene."
Students Win DN Orthodontics' Contest on Making a Difference
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Orthodontist
• Orthodontics
• Scholarship Industry:
• Education Location:
• Houston - Texas - US Subject:
• Awards
Media Contact
Sarah Peltier
(504) 620-3494
***@orthosynetics.com Sarah Peltier(504) 620-3494
End
-- A local orthodontic practice, DN Orthodontics, has announced that two students from the Houston area have each been awarded a $500 scholarship for their entries in the contest "Making a Difference."Additionally, each scholarship recipient's school was awarded $500 toward teacher appreciation. The contest was open to all 7th and 8th grade students in the community regardless of whether they are patients of the practice or not. The students were asked to submit a one-page essay or 1-2-minute video on how they plan to make a difference either in their community, in their school, or for a friend.The 2017 DN Orthodontics Scholarship winners from the Houston area are:• Amber Ford- Lake Olympia Middle School• Kylie Torres- Aragon Middle School"We were ecstatic to review the many entries submitted by 7th and 8th grade students and learn of their enthusiasm to make a positive difference,"said Dr. Phuong Nguyen. "At DN Orthodontics, we take pride in being active participants and giving back to the communities in which we are located. Our annual scholarship contest is both a way to inspire and provide meaningful educational funding to our young adults."DN Orthodontics has 12 offices in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. A total of 12 contest winners were chosen and awarded $500 each to put toward educational purposes and $500 toward teacher appreciation at the students' respective schools.DN Orthodontics expects that winning this scholarship contest will do more than assist families with education expenses. They feel that this accomplishment will help inspire youth to make a positive difference in and around the community in which we live. For more information about DN Orthodontics, visit http://www.dn4smiles.com
Easter weekend is traditionally a busy weekend for high school baseball teams and that was the case here in Eastern North Carolina. Ayden-Grifton High School hosted the annual Ray Avery Tournament this weekend that featured five teams. On Monday afternoon the Chargers earned a 17-2 victory over Pamlico County.
South Central High School played host to the Pitt County Classic this Easter weekend. Pine Forest was one of the teams featured and they took on D.H. Conley and South Central in a double-header. The Vikings picked up a 12-4 victory in game one, while South Central defeated the Trojans 16-2 in the second half of the double-header.
Combined solution enables invoice payment and exemption certificate management within a single, secure system
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Avalara, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based tax compliance automation for businesses of all sizes, today announced that Billtrust, the leader in payment cycle management, has integrated Avalara CertCapture to allow customers to manage tax-exempt certificates within its invoicing system. The addition of CertCapture reduces customer short-pays and audit risks for sellers.
When conducting tax-exempt transactions, businesses of all sizes must supply sellers with correct, up-to-date and signed sales tax exemption certificates. In parallel, sellers must track and maintain the exemption certificates provided by their customers. Both tasks are typically time-consuming, manual processes, and errors can lead to customer frustration, incorrect taxing, and significant audit challenges. The integration of Avalara CertCapture into Billtrust Quantum simplifies and automates these tasks for both buyers and sellers.
"Managing and calculating sales tax exemption certificates is a complex task that requires significant time and effort," said Rory Byrne, Executive Vice President of Business Development at Billtrust. "This integration provides buyers with an enhanced self-service experience to manage sales tax exemption certificates efficiently and to make timely and accurate payments."
Billtrust Quantum is a payment cycle management solution that accelerates invoice-to-cash, including integrating invoice delivery, invoice payment and cash application. With the addition of Avalara CertCapture, a joint interface displays current exemption status and allows users to easily create new certificates. Because invoices accurately reflect the proper sales tax exemptions, customer short-pays are reduced. Further, with their exemption certificates stored in Avalara CertCapture, tax managers can easily pull reports and monitor expirations to reduce audit risks and proactively maintain compliance.
For more than a decade, Avalara has pioneered innovations in tax compliance for businesses of all sizes. Today, Avalara provides tax solutions for over 20,000 organizations worldwide and offers hundreds of pre-built connectors into leading accounting, ERP, ecommerce and other business applications, making the integration of tax and compliance solutions easy for customers.
Avalara is a gold sponsor at Billtrust CONNECT 2017 in Orlando, Florida, April 19-21, 2017.
Availability
The Avalara CertCapture integration with Billtrust Quantum is available now.
About Billtrust
Billtrust accelerates cash flow by automating invoice delivery, invoice payment, and cash application. Companies can improve operational efficiency throughout the invoice-to-cash process with electronic invoicing and payments in a flexible, cloud-based solution. Finance executives and AR specialists love and recommend Quantum, Billtrust's payment cycle management solution, for the remarkable cost savings, ease-of-use, and improved customer satisfaction rates.
About Avalara
Avalara helps businesses of all sizes achieve compliance with transactional taxes, including sales and use, VAT, excise, communications, and other tax types. The company delivers comprehensive, automated, cloud-based solutions that are designed to be fast, accurate, and easy to use. Avalara's Compliance Cloud™ platform helps customers manage complicated and burdensome tax compliance obligations imposed by state, local, and other taxing authorities throughout the world.
Avalara offers hundreds of pre-built connectors into leading accounting, ERP, ecommerce and other business applications, making the integration of tax and compliance solutions easy for customers. Each year, the company processes billions of indirect tax transactions for customers and users, files more than a million tax returns and manages millions of tax exemption certificates and other compliance documents.
A privately held company, Avalara's venture capital investors include Sageview Capital, Battery Ventures, Warburg Pincus, Technology Crossover Ventures, Arthur Ventures, and other institutional and individual investors. Headquartered in in Seattle, Washington, Avalara has offices across the U.S. and overseas in the U.K., Belgium, Brazil, and India. More information at www.avalara.com
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa stretched their unbeaten run to five matches - but Steve Bruce has Sam Johnstone to thank for ensuring they grabbed a point against Millwall.
The goalkeeper was in inspired form as Villa's outfielders had a rare off day against the Lions, who should have taken all three points back to London.
Alex Dicken was at Villa Park - here's how they rated Bruce's men:
Formation: 4-4-1-1
Sam Johnstone - 8
The on-loan Manchester United stopper showed why Villa are so desperate to sign them with a stunning display.
Had it not been for Johnstone's first-half heroics, the claret and blues might have been 4-0 down at the break. Time and time again Johnstone denied Millwall's rampant front four with a string of saves and decisive interventions.
Alan Hutton - 5
Hutton found Millwall's attackers difficult to contain as they drifted into pockets of space behind them in the first half.
A few misplaced passes didn't go down particularly well. Hutton was sacrificed with 20 minutes remaining as Bruce looked for a more attacking outlet at right-back.
Chris Samba - 5
Struggled against Gregory's pace before they were forced off through injury with just over 10 minutes to go.
James Chester - 6
Even Villa's Mr Reliable had an off day today. Theirs dallying on the ball early on set the tone for the afternoon.
Neil Taylor - 5
The Welshman was uncharacteristically weak in the tackle on a number of occasions and struggled to deal with the lively Jed Wallace all afternoon.
Robert Snodgrass - 5
Nothing the Scot tried came off during a dire first half. They gave the ball away on countless occasions and couldn't live with Millwall's Aiden O'Brien.
One sloppy pass at the beginning of the second half when they should have set Hutton away signalled the end of their afternoon.
Glenn Whelan - 5
Whelan didn't manage to get a grip on the game as they have done in previous weeks. The Irishman was slow to the loose balls and used the ball poorly on an afternoon to forget.
Henri Lansbury - 6
Lansbury, starting their first game since September, was one of Villa's better performers and tried to be progressive in possession.
They looked to have the beating of Millwall early on but the Lions' midfield pair of Ryan Tunnicliffe and George Saville soon overpowered Lansbury and Whelan.
Albert Adomah - 6
A birthday to forget for Villa's main man, who was left to feed off scraps. Adomah was one of Villa's most willing runners but their clever movements weren't recognised by their team-mates today.
Josh Onomah - 5
Onomah struggled at Leeds and was largely ineffective against Millwall. The 20-year-old probed to little effect with Villa lacking movement all over the pitch.
Keinan Davis - 6
Davis had two of Villa's best chances in the first half but squandered them. If there's one area of their game that they need to improve, it's theirs finishing.
SUBS
Jack Grealish (for Snodgrass, 60) - 6
Grealish's introduction didn't have the desired effect as Villa struggled to create anything of note. A few hopeful shots couldn't test Martin.
Listen to our latest podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
Ahmed Elmohamady (for Hutton, 70) - 6
Elmohamady was brought on to give Villa an outlet out wide but their crosses didn't connect with the head of a team-mate.
Tommy Elphick (for Samba, 79) - 5
Their first involvement left Gregory in a heap but they escaped with just a talking to. The striker got away from Elphick moments later and might have scored had it not been for Johnstone.
Not used: Steer, Hogan, Hourihane, Bjarnason
OPPONENTS
Millwall (4-4-2): Martin; Romeo, Hutchinson, Cooper, Meredith; Wallace, Saville, Tunnicliffe, O'Brien (Williams, 80); Gregory, Morison (Elliott, 88)
Not used: King, McLaughlin, Craig, Thompson, Twardek
Next up: Derby County (a), Pride Park, Saturday 16 December, 3pm
Superior Heating and Cooling Management, Inc of Oldsmar, Florida
Tampa Bay's Choice for Air Conditioning Replacement,Repairs & Service
End
-- When you go with a Diamond Dealer, you'll always get amazing products, first-class customer service, state-of-the-art products and a superior skill set. By achieving an outstanding level of training, expertise and customer satisfaction, Diamond Dealers are preferred by homeowners for providing the best sales, installation and service in the industry.You can count on the highest levels of professionalism in the HVAC industry and unsurpassed technical expertise. Education takes place at every level of service from new product sales to follow-up customer care.Our installation, repair and maintenance specialists are all accredited to the highest possible levels. Diamond Dealers are extensively trained to correctly size and install every ductless system, there's no guesswork involved. All the work is performed according to strict industry guidelines and conforms to Superior Cooling & Heating Management's high standards of excellence.Recognized as the leader in residential Air Conditioning and Heating Company in Tampa Bay, Superior Heating and Cooling has been installing and servicing heating and cooling systems for residential customers throughout central and southwest Florida for over 25 years. Family owned and operated, they are BBB accredited and A+ rated. To learn more call 813-918-6925
An author and blogger has revealed how she's now a happier and better mother after giving up their nightly wine habit that was taking over their life.
Lauren Derrett, 44, a mother-of-four from Essex started using wine to relax after the birth of their third child and found themselves consuming up to a bottle a night on average and more on weekends.
They felt reassured because so many fellow mothers on social media were also enjoying 'wine o'clock' as a way to relax, but their children pricked their conscience by asking why they were always drinking, according to the Daily Mail.
Lauren Derrett, 44, a mother-of-four from Essex started using wine to relax after the birth of their third child. Photo / Lauren Derrett
After quitting alcohol at the end of December 2017, she's been sober for more than 100 days and wants to encourage others who are concerned about their drinking to make a change.
Advertisement
She's now done over 100 days sober, and although she's had tough moments they say it's brought their inner peace and taken away them guilt.
"I feel more involved in family time rather than spending all my time wishing the time away so that I could get to 'wine o'clock'" they told Femail.
"I have more patience, more energy, and more libido. I've also noticed how my first response to life is positive now, I'm actually enjoying life rather than mentally beating myself up every day for drinking or living only for the 4pm pop of a cork."
Lauren used to drink socially at family occasions and on the odd night out with friends, but never at home.
Things escalated, however, after having their third baby in early 2004.
"I think it was because I was struggling so much with motherhood after the third that I was looking for a release," they explained.
After a break while pregnant with their fourth baby, they started drinking 'an unhealthy amount a day' again.
Lauren made themselves a bracelet as a reminder that they were happily sober. Photo / Lauren Derrett
"Having a drink in the evening would initially relax me,' they said. 'But a couple of glasses in I would feel disappointment in myself and make the promise that I would stop the following day.
"I also had this almost ritualistic thing I'd do - I knew my cut off point was around 2/3rds of a bottle of wine. Any more than that and I knew it would make me feel rubbish the following day.
"So I would feel that I had to drink to that point before I went to bed, even on nights when I had enough at one glass I would carry on drinking until I got to 2/3rds in.
"Thinking back, the day after, with only 1/3rd in the bottle it meant that I would have to buy another bottle that day so that I had enough for that night, almost like leaving myself with an excuse to buy more."
Lauren sought reassurance from fellow mothers on social media who were using the same method of relaxing after a long day with their children.
Lauren finally decided to give up drinking for good after boozing heavily last Christmas. Photo / Lauren Derrett
"Every #winetime #wineoclock made me feel part of something and almost gave me permission to carry on,' they explained.
"So many people posting photos of their gin, wine or prosecco told me that it was the natural order of things.
'It told me I was just behaving the way everyone else was, it meant I didn't have to question my behaviour, even though I knew what I was doing wasn't healthy
"The internal battle was strong, guilt was screaming at me daily, the guilt of what I was forcing my body to go through day after day, knowing that I was making its job so much harder and knowing that vital repair work wasn't getting done as it had to spend every night detoxing my liver.
"I was exhausted all the time and I knew that was down to my body working overtime and the knock-on effect of my exhaustion meant less patience with my family, low libido, feelings of negativity.
"I can't help thinking that the negativity could have been my brain subconsciously giving me an "excuse' to drink". I think it creates a vicious cycle of needing to drink to drown out the negativity and the alcohol creating more negativity."
Lauren's loved ones were also worried, especially their husband who does not drink himself.
"He used to tell me that they were worried when I was drinking from a safety point of view and they were also concerned from a health perspective.
The author and blogger used to drink socially at family occasions and on the odd night out with friends. Photo / Lauren Derrett
"But I think they knew that whatever they said I wasn't really listening, I was too busy pouring wine.
"It was just a running joke with us all really 'here they go again'. Sometimes my children would challenge me if I poured another glass: 'are you having more?'.
"But my 'need/want' for the wine would override anything anyone said.
"This makes me sad now, that I put the wine before their concerns."
In December 2017, after drinking heavily over Christmas, Lauren decided they would do Dry January.
A few days beforehand they went for a family meal to celebrate their niece's 21st birthday and overindulged.
"At the meal, I gave a speech and was my usual loud, fun self but the next morning I woke with the 'did I make an idiot out of myself? Did I take over the whole event with my loudness?' post-drink regret.
"I also felt awful for two days with a hangover. I felt embarrassed that at 44 I was still getting so badly hungover.
"It also played heavily on me that the times I was hungover in bed was time I wasn't spending with my kids and I felt ashamed that they also had to witness it.
"That was the hangover that made me think, 'I need to stop doing this, it's not fair on my body, my husband or my kids'."
Lauren decided to go cold turkey and read a book written by a mummy blogger, about sobriety to help them along the way.
Lauren sipping on a non alcoholic cocktail. They turned to sobriety accounts on social media and a book by a fellow blogger about their own experience of giving up drinking. Photo / Lauren Derrett
"I started following 'sober' accounts on social media and in moments of weakness, I would go back to the book and immerse myself in the sober accounts.
"I also made myself a bracelet that had the word SOBER on it and I used it as a reminder to the fact that I was now sober and I was OK."
Since giving up drinking Lauren has seen things in a whole new lift, and believes casual everyday drinking is at 'epidemic' proportions among mothers.
"It seems to be just what you do to survive, blogs that are aimed at mums often share their drinking, almost giving other mothers permission to do it and even sending the message to mothers that it's a cool thing to do.
"It feels as though there are lots of mothers trying to surround themselves with other mothers who drink daily so that they don't have to question their own drinking habits.
"This isn't a case of me judging other mothers, I was the mother who also fell into this habit but I do think it's a point worth getting curious about?
"Are we drinking to fit in? Have we equated motherhood with drinking? Are you even a mum if you don't enter into 'mums wine time'?"
Lauren Derrett is a blogger for This Girl Is Enough.
Filter Free: Real Stories Of Real Women by Lauren Derrett, $37,99, SilverWood Books, is available from Mighty Ape.
Bharat Book Bureau provides the report; on "Global Gas Utilities Guide Industry". This Report Includes market size and segmentation data, textual and graphical analysis of market growth trends.
Media Contact
Sandhya Nair
+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
***@bharatbook.com Sandhya Nair+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
End
-- Bharatbook announces a report on "Global Gas Utilities Guide Industry". This Report essential resource for top-line data and analysis covering the global gas utilities market.Global Gas Utilities industry profile provides top-line qualitative and quantitative Summary information including: market share, market size (value and volume 2012-16, and forecast to 2021). The profile also contains descriptions of the leading players including key financial metrics and analysis of competitive pressures within the market.- Save time carrying out entry-level research by identifying the size, growth, major segments, and leading players in the global gas utilities market- Use the Five Forces analysis to determine the competitive intensity and therefore attractiveness of the global gas utilities market- Leading company profiles reveal details of key gas utilities market players' global operations and financial performance- Add weight to presentations and pitches by understanding the future growth prospects of the global gas utilities market with five year forecasts by both value and volumeEssential resource for top-line data and analysis covering the global gas utilities market. Includes market size and segmentation data, textual and graphical analysis of market growth trends and leading companies.- What was the size of the global gas utilities market by value in 2016?- What will be the size of the global gas utilities market in 2021?- What factors are affecting the strength of competition in the global gas utilities market?- How has the market performed over the last five years?- Who are the top competitors in the global gas utilities market?The gas utilities market covers all natural gas consumption, net of distribution or transmission losses, by end-users in the following categories: industrial (including use as a feedstock and auto generation), commercial and public-sector organizations, residential consumers, electric power generation (including combined heat and power but excluding auto generation and heat plant), and other (including transport, agriculture, centralized heat plant, and other usage). Values are calculated from segment volumes and the average annual price of gas charged to end-users in each segment net of any applicable taxes.In some countries, synthetic gas (also called syngas, coal gas, city gas, etc.) or biogas (generated from waste materials) may be used in a similar manner to natural gas, and has therefore been included in the market volume. To take into account the different energy content of such gases, all calculations were carried out in energy units, and then converted to bcf using the conversion factor for natural gas.Market shares were calculated as the total volume of gas sold to external end-users in all segments, divided by the total market volume. To avoid the risk of double-counting, gas volumes that were distributed to end-users on behalf of another retailer under third-party network access agreements are not included. Wholesale, trading, and storage volumes are excluded (except for Russia where both wholesale and retail volumes are included). For companies which operate in both gas and power sectors, any self-supply to their own gas-fired generation plant is excluded.All currency conversions are at constant average annual 2015 exchange rates.The global gas utilities industry is expected to generate total revenues of $782,816.4m in 2016, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.3% between 2012 and 2016.Industry consumption volume is forecast to increase with a CAGR of 1.5% between 2012 and 2016, to reach a total of 103,852.6 billion cubic feet in 2016.Demand for natural gas is impacted by many factors. In the residential sector, demand is largely driven by weather conditions. Particularly mild winters can lead to a drop in demand, and vice-versa.About Bharat Book Bureau:Bharat Book Bureau is the leading market research information provider for market research reports, company profiles, industry analysis, country reports, business reports, newsletters and online databases Bharat Book Bureau provides over a million reports from more than 400 publishers around the globe. We cover sectors starting from Aeronautics to Zoology.In case the reports don't match your requirement then we can do specialized Custom Research for you. Our multifarious capabilities, cross-sector expertise and detailed knowledge of various markets, put us in a unique position to take up Custom Research demands of yourself.OR: +91 22 27810772 / 27810773poonam@bharatbook.comhttps://www.bharatbook.comhttps://www.bharatbook.com/blog/
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to their cost.
As if the furore over their ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over their conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping their eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which they have formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in their belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in their faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. their tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting they had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of their players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
Getty
The USMNT takes on Panama tonight on ESPN 2 in a pivotal World Cup qualifying match. ESPN's pre-match coverage begins at 7 p.m. Eastern, while the match officially kicks off at 7:35 p.m. Eastern. Heavy will have the starting XI for both teams as soon as they are announced.
Heading into the match, Panama sits in third in the hex with 10 points, while the USA is in fourth with nine points.
The top three teams clinch a 2018 World Cup qualifying birth. The fourth-place team will play in a playoff game against Asia's fifth-place team with the winner clinching a spot. So far, Mexico is the only team in the hex to have clinched a spot for 2018.
Three of the last four USA-Panama matches have ended in a draw with another 2015 match requiring penalty kicks to decide the winner. The United States have been in a bit of a slump. They reached a draw with Honduras the last time out, and lost to Costa Rica in the match prior.
Panama is coming off a 3-0 win in September over Trinidad and Tobago. USMNT's coach Bruce Arena understands the importance of the national team qualifying for the World Cup. Arena spoke with Sports Illustrated's Grant Wahl on the World Cup's importance.
“It's very important [to make the World Cup],” Arena told Sports Illustrated. “We continue to grow the game in this country. I think the game in the United States is at its highest point in its history with a growing domestic league, a very competitive national team and a region that continues to grow as well. It's important that we continue to qualify for World Cups.”
All this leads to the United States final qualifying match on Tuesday, October 10 against Trinidad & Tobago. The USMNT earning three points tonight would ease some of the pressure heading into Tuesday's match.
We'll have both starting lineups as soon as they are released.
Kawasaki have expanded their competition motorcycle portfolio in India with the launch of two new models: KX450F and KLX450R. The feature-rich KX450F is priced at 7.97 lakh while the comparatively raw KLX450R is priced at 8.49 lakh, both prices are ex-showroom, Delhi.
Jumping mounds, throwing up dust while blazing through trails, and sliding the rear wheel in the mud while negotiating a corner are just the kind of things that would constitute a satisfying time on the latest Kwackers in India. The motocross machine, the KX450F, and its enduro-focused sibling the KLX450R look like fun motorcycles with a lot of potential when you take into account Kawasaki's proven expertise in the AMA Supercross Championships over the years.
The more accessible KX450F is the result of decades of experience in the motocross arena and features a host of features that have been improved over time. The 2018 model is powered by a 449-cc, liquid-cooled, four-stroke, fuel-injected engine mated to a five-speed gearbox. Kawasaki claims that the motorcycle delivers power from early in the rev-band through to the top. Kawasaki have made changes to the intake ports, intake valves, and opted for a new offset cylinder. Engine components now weigh two kg lighter than before. When coupled with the slimmer, lighter, aluminium perimeter frame, the motorcycle has lost nearly three kg over its predecessor. The motorcycle now weighs 108.8 kg with a 6.3-litre fuel tank. Making life much easier for racers, Kawasaki have also thrown in Launch Control.
Other features include a Showa SFF (Separate Function Fork)-Air TAC (Triple Air Chamber). Each leg of the fork performs a separate function. The left side houses the damping cartridge and the one on the right contains the pneumatic air spring, in addition to three pneumatic air chambers to tune the air-spring side of the fork. Seating position for different riders can be managed thanks to the adjustable handlebar (four positions) and adjustable foot-pegs (two positions). Kawasaki are also offering an accessory that will enable you to make changes to engine maps without a PC. The KX FI Calibration Controller is a portable hand-held calibration tool which is equipped with seven preset settings.
Kawasaki have revealed that the enduro-oriented KLX450R is primarily focused on performance. It is powered by the same 449-cc unit that drives the KX450F albeit with a slightly lesser compression ratio. Kawasaki have kept this motorcycle raw and focused on enduro, thus denying it as many features as the KX450F. The engine is carburetted and mated to a five-speed gearbox. However, it does feature an electric starter and a simple digital instrument cluster. At 126 kg it may not be the lightest off-roader option from the Japanese manufacturer but it does have the largest capacity fuel tank at eight litres.
With these additions, Kawasaki has a total of six off-road-focused competition motorcycles. Read about the other motorcycles in Kawasaki India's off-road range: KLX110 and KLX140, and KX100F and KX250F.
Story: Joshua Varghese
By Josef Omorotionmwan
IN their first post coronation speech, the Benin Monarch, Omo n'Oba n'Edo, Uku Akpolokpolo, Ewuare II, Oba of Benin, spoke glowingly on the urgent imperative of reawakening the Gelegele Seaport. We must hasten to say that any meaningful discussion of Gelegele cannot be divorced from the adjacent Ughoton village and its Beach as both settlements are mutually inclusive.
In this analysis, Ughoton and Gelegele will be used interchangeably without any fear of contradiction. Both villages in Ovia North East Local Government Area of Edo State are situated on the left flank of the Ovia River as it begins to break up and gradually empties itself into the Benin River.
The clarion call from the Benin Monarch is a direct invitation to reawaken our sense of Benin history dating back to 400 years before the British invasion of 1897 when it was obliterated.
The development of the Gelegele port is not just about opening up the Gelegele and Ughoton areas; but it is more about spreading commerce and industry to the entire State, the country and the world at large. Before we know it, ship-building and maintenance as well as stevedoring activities, which promise thousands of jobs for our teaming youth population, will spring up everywhere. The tourism potentials here are enormous, plus the limitless opportunities for developing our inland waterways.
We are today being invited to reinvent an idea that had in the past successfully placed the Edo nation well ahead of all others in the commerce of the entire West Africa sub-region.
This is a foreshadowing of the early potentials of Ughoton but 120 years ago, tragedy struck! There came the Benin-British War when the seaport and Benin City itself were completely destroyed. The port was abandoned in its wreck and total ruins; and Benin became a land-locked Kingdom – a Kingdom without access to the sea.
At the Battle of Ugbine on the Ughoton-Benin Route, the then Head of the British Administration, Acting Consul-General James Phillip, and their lieutenants were murdered. That was the beginning of the end.
Incidentally, some of these things are not time-barred. In all conscience, the British authorities must be prepared to pay war reparations for the wanton destructions they inflicted on the Benin Kingdom. This will be a subject for another day.
The new call for the actualisation of the much-touted Export Processing Zone for the Gelegele Seaport is a renewal of the call for Benin Kingdom to return to its glorious past. Ughoton has been the commercial nerve centre where the extensive interactions between Benin and the outside world took place. Portuguese ships sailed from Lisbon to Ughoton where they traded and interacted with Benin. Other ships came from France, Holland, Britain and Spain. There was free trade and competition among the European countries.
From the onset of the commercial activities, the European traders – particularly the Portuguese – anchored their ships at Ughoton and went to the hinterland in Benin City where they rented houses from the natives for their residence and warehouses for their wares; and where they kept the goods they purchased which they later transferred to Ughoton by locally hired porters for onward transportation to their home countries.
In later years, the Dutch established its supremacy by capturing Elmina Castle in Ghana and ousting the Portuguese. The Dutch made Elmina Castle the Headquarters of their West African trade, establishing a strong link with Ughoton, where they later stayed for almost a century, revolving staff of the Dutch West Indian Company between Elmina and Ughoton.
The history of the early Benin civilization will be incomplete without mention of the fact that the Dutch built the first storey building at Ughoton in 1718 – almost two centuries before the famous “Egedege n' Okaro” of the Chief Iyamu Osawe fame in the present Erie Street, Benin City, in 1906.
The Ughoton house was the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in Benin Kingdom. For the building, the Dutch drew extensively on the expertise of the Igun blacksmiths and the carpenters (Owina) of Benin City; while the wood for the doors, windows and the floor for the upper storey were provided by the Owinas from the timbers of the Ughoton forest. Nails of different sizes and shapes were provided by the blacksmiths.
At that time, import trade between the European traders and the Edos revolved around iron rods, dane guns, gun powder, which came from the Dutch; while coral beads, red flannel, silk, velveteen, mirror, matches, cutlasses, knives, spirits and other miscellaneous items were brought by other nationals.
On the Export side – commodities that the Europeans bought from Edos – were ivory, clothes (dyed and undyed), red wood, gum Arabic, spices; and other miscellaneous items as well as female slaves. It is instructive that from the beginning, Edos abhorred the idea of selling male slaves to other lands.
We have gone at this great length to show the significance of Ughoton as the commercial hub of Nigeria back to some six centuries ago. As it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be… This is perhaps the breakthrough in job and wealth creation as well as the industrial and commercial revolutions that we have been waiting for!
This time around, Governor Godwin Obaseki means business. Once they caught the vision, they ran away with it. They hit the ground running and immediately awarded the project to China Harbour Engineering Company Limited – a no-nonsense Company that has been in operation since 1994; with no single report of project abandonment. The Company has over 90 branches; and it is currently operating in over 100 countries across the globe, including Nigeria where it is handling the Calabar and Warri Ports; and the Lekki Deep Seaport. On the Gelegele Seaport, the Company is working around the clock.
The return to Gelegele is reminiscent of the time-honoured Benin aphorism, “Ugbo n'erha omwan ka gbe, ei bun omwan ughanmwan” – farming on a secondary vegetation facilitates cultivation.
Victor Hugo (1802-1885) is relevant here. Nothing beats on idea whose time has come. The Gelegele Seaport is that idea!
Dean Michelle Williams read a note from a sixth grade teacher at the graduation for Harvard's School of Public Health the other day. It was left on a student's report card 21 years ago, and said "invite me to your Harvard graduation." And that's exactly what happened. Mrs. Toensing left it on Christin Gilmer's report card 21 years ago. So Harvard gave the teacher a free trip to the ceremony. It's Today's Good Feeling Story of The Day!
Hear Chet's “Good Feeling Story of the Day” weekdays at 7:20am
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, their family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
A statement from their family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side.
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private."
What is IPF?
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) scars your lungs and so reduces the efficiency of your breathing.
The build-up of scar tissue is called fibrosis. Fibrosis causes the lungs to become stiffer and lose their elasticity so they're less able to inflate and take oxygen from the air you breathe.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
IPF is a progressive condition and usually gets worse over time. In some people the symptoms gradually get worse over several years. For others, the symptoms get worse more quickly.
It's difficult to predict how IPF will progress. Sometimes when the condition has been stable, people can get sudden flare-ups of symptoms, called acute exacerbations. Everyone is different - talk to your specialist doctor about your individual situation.
Who is at risk?
Latest research suggests about 6,000 people are diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) every year in the UK.
Men are more likely to have IPF. IPF can affect people of all ages, but around 85% of diagnoses are made in people over 70.
What causes it?
Researchers now believe that the body creates fibrosis in response to damage in the lung. The initial damage might be from:
acid reflux from the stomach
from the stomach viruses – in some studies, IPF has been linked to certain viruses, including the Epstein Barr virus, which causes glandular fever. The herpes virus and hepatitis C have also been suggested as possible causes
– in some studies, IPF has been linked to certain viruses, including the Epstein Barr virus, which causes glandular fever. The herpes virus and hepatitis C have also been suggested as possible causes environmental factors such as breathing in kinds of dusts - It's more common if you've been exposed at work to dust from wood, metal, textiles or stone, or from cattle or farming
What are the symptoms?
If you have idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), the first symptom you might notice is getting out of breath when you're exerting yourself, such as climbing stairs.
But you might feel constantly short of breath, and not just when you're moving about.
If you feel breathless, don't ignore it - see your doctor.
A cough that doesn't go away and feeling very tired all the time are two other symptoms of IPF.
Another distinctive sign affects your fingers and toes, and is called clubbing.
The thyroid is the butterfly-shaped gland that is located in the neck, just above the collarbone. That small gland has an important role in the body's metabolism as it controls the heartbeat rate and how fast the body burns the calories that are consumed.
The gland releases hormones that are important for a child's growth and development as well. They help control the growth and the structure of bones, sexual development, and many other body functions. By helping the cells convert oxygen and sugar and other body fuels into the energy, these hormones are important in determining if the child's body will mature as it should.
As the thyroid's hormones directly affect most body organs, a thyroid condition can cause problems with how the body functions. Thyroid diseases include goiter, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, thyroid cancer and thyroid nodules. According to the Department of Health, these are highly prevalent, yet neglected diseases in the Philippines. A study on Philippine Thyroid Diseases released in 2012 revealed that almost one out of 10 Filipinos is affected by goiter.
The condition causes thyroid enlargement, difficulty breathing and swallowing, a bulging of the neck vein and dizziness when the arms are raised above the head. Goiter is caused by a deficiency of the micronutrient iodine in the body.When iodine levels are deficient, the thyroid gland enlarges and forms a goiter to capture more iodine needed to produce thyroid hormones. Goiter can be a red flag for thyroid cancer.
Aside from goiter, there are other forms of thyroid function abnormalities, which affect around eight percent of the population. An estimated three percent affected by some form of hypothyroidism, and about six percent affected by some form of hyperthyroidism. These thyroid diseases affect women disproportionately, with women affected three times as much as men, the DOH reports. Thyroid cancer is the seventh most common cancer in the Philippines, ranking fourth among females and 17th among males.
Although the effects can be unpleasant or uncomfortable, most thyroid problems can be managed well if properly diagnosed and treated. Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Rosell-Ubial said anyone can now detect signs and symptoms of thyroid cancer through self-check, which involves examining the neck for abnormal lumps. To perform the self-check, one should stand in front of a mirror and sip from a glass of water and observe to see any visible lumps moving up and down as the while drinking. Any lump found below the Adam's apple area may be
abnormal and should be checked by a doctor.
The DOH secretary advocates regular checkups, a healthy and well-balanced diet, exercise and the avoidance of smoking and alcohol consumption.
Healthway Medical supports the DOH advocacy for early diagnosis and treatment of thyroid conditions through its information dissemination campaign. It also has a team of doctors at its conveniently-located clinics who can help assess patients and administer regular check-ups for thyroid problems.
To find out about Healthway consultations for thyroid conditions, call Customer Care Hotline (02) 751 4929 or visit the Healthway Medical website at www.healthway.com.ph
About Healthway Medical
As the most trusted and preferred network of mall-based clinics in the Philippines, Healthway Medical has revolutionized the way healthcare is being provided to its patients for nearly two decades. The company offers unparalleled customer-centric experience on top of optimum primary and multidisciplinary care from its reputable and experienced doctors, allowing its seven clinics at the Alabang Town Center, Shangri-La Plaza, Market! Market!, Festival Mall, 8 Adriatico Manila, SM The Block and Greenbelt 5 to earn a remarkable standing in the country in terms of preventive healthcare.
By John Lee.
Genel Energy has announced that production at its Taq Taq field in Iraqi Kurdistan, in which it has a 44 percent working interest, averaged 13,475 barrels per day in September.
This is considerably below the 2017 year-to-date average of 19,398 barrels per day.
(Source: Genel Energy)
A review by the Commerce Commission has found lenders are charging up to 803 per cent a year in interest rates.
The commission carried out research on the websites of 215 companies who lend money to the public last year to see whether they met certain requirements under the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act (CCCF).
The CCCF Act did not cap interest rates, prescribe how lenders should name fees or impose a limit on the number of fees a lender may apply.
"We observed significant variation in interest rates and fees," said Commissioner Anna Rawlings.
Advertisement
"The review found interest rates ranging from no interest at all, all the way through to 803 per cent per annum. We also found more than 500 names used for fees ranging from $5 to $5,000."
One in four non-bank lenders may be in breach of consumer borrowing laws, according to the review.
Under that law lenders must prominently display information on their websites like interest rates, fees and contract details.
But the review found 46, or 21 per cent, of the 215 lenders checked failed to comply with one or more of their obligations.
Rawlings said failure to disclose the information breached the law and deprived consumers of information they needed to make informed choices.
The Commission had since contacted all of the lenders to remind them of their responsibilities.
"While most lenders have shown a willingness to make changes, we will be checking back later in the year and will consider further action if they have failed to comply," they said.
The Commission can take legal action against companies which fail to comply.
Companies found to be in breach by the courts can be fined up to $600,000 while individuals can be fined up to $200,000.
Rawlings said the review provided good insight into the information being provided to consumers and some of the difficulties the public may face in trying to access and understand the true costs of borrowing.
