“Apple Inc. hired a new leader for its business in South Korea, home to its biggest rival and a country where the iPhone maker has struggled with regulators,” Mark Gurman reports for Bloomberg.
“Brandon Yoon, a veteran Microsoft Corp. executive and most recently a vice president at Samsung Electronics Co., joined this month as general manager of Apple Korea, according to their LinkedIn profile,” Gurman reports.
“According to data from Strategy Analytics, Apple had 18 percent of the Korean smartphone market last year, behind Samsung's 56 percent,” Gurman reports. “Earlier this year, Apple opened its first retail store in the country.”
Read more in the full article here.
FILE - In this file photo from March 13, 2018, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke testifies before the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on Capitol Hill in Washington. Zinke is drawing criticism for their use of a Japanese greeting when responding to a question from a member of congress of Japanese descent during a hearing on March 15, 2018.( File AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
FILE - In this file photo from March 13, 2018, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke testifies before the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on Capitol Hill in Washington. Zinke is drawing criticism for their use of a Japanese greeting when responding to a question from a member of congress of Japanese descent during a hearing on March 15, 2018.( File AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
SASABE, Ariz. (AP) - Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke is defending their use of a Japanese greeting when responding to a question from a member of congress of Japanese descent.
The Arizona Republic reported Sunday that Zinke was asked about their use of the word "konnichiwa" while touring the U.S-Mexico border in Arizona on Saturday.
Zinke told reporters: "How could ever saying 'good morning' be bad?"
Rep. Colleen Hanabusa, of Hawaii, asked Zinke on Thursday whether they would continue a program that preserves sites where Japanese-Americans were interned during World War II.
Zinke replied with "konnichiwa" - a Japanese greeting typically spoken in the afternoon. The Democratic member of congress corrected them and used the Japanese phrase for good morning.
In a statement Saturday, Hanabusa said "this is precisely why Japanese Americans were treated as they were more than 75 years ago. It is racial stereotyping."
___
Information from: The Arizona Republic, http://www.azcentral.com
The Campervan and Motorhome Club of Australia ignited headlines by citing reports of road rage between grey nomads and truck drivers.
But all is calm as I head along the grey bitumen highways of the Pilbara and Kimberley under a blue sky, the landscape rolling past.
On North West Coastal Highway in the Pilbara, it is the unique palette of blonde spinifex and chocolate-coloured rock.
In the Kimberley, once we've joined Great Northern Highway, the land gets redder, wattles waving among the termite mounds.
Warm weather, which broke rather spectacularly on May 24, lasted longer in Perth, and tourism operators have been reporting things up to that point had been quieter than usual. But the turn in weather always provides the moment to head north.
The highways are quiet early, but by mid-morning, as the day warms, the number of vehicles towing caravans increases.
One of the biggest challenges when towing is overtaking or being overtaken, especially on these highways with road trains. A 52m-long truck vehicle travelling at 100km/h to pass a car and caravan that is 7m long and travelling at 90km/h will need 2.174km to pass and take 79 seconds.
If you're in a car, Main Roads WA advises: “You'll need at least 1 1/2km to safely overtake a truck travelling at 100km/h.
“Probably more if you're unfamiliar with the road.”
Drivers for WA's biggest transport and logistics company, Centurion, say that while many motorists and caravaners are good at passing or being passed by road trains, some don't handle it so well. A recent survey revealed that more than 80 per cent of Centurion's drivers had seen or experienced a close call between a road train and caravan in the past two years.
A fifth of the truck drivers said they had seen more than two.
Centurion, which delivers supplies to, for example, Coles supermarkets, is now working with regional service stations and caravan parks to distribute more than 2500 cards that help drivers understand what to expect and what they should do when overtaking or being overtaken by a road train.
Centurion spokesperson Luke Beeston says while it can be intimidating for motorists, it can be stressful for truck drivers, too.
Luke says: “We understand that cars, caravans and road trains all have to share the roads and we want everyone to arrive at their destination without incident.”
The key is for everyone to be educated to drive safely.
Centurion's tips for driving safely around road trains:
When Overtaking:
1. Keep your lights on so you can be clearly seen, especially in dusty or overcast conditions.
2. Be patient. Passing a road train can take as long as 60 seconds. Make sure you have maximum visibility and nothing is coming in the other direction.
3. Position your vehicle so you can see any oncoming traffic and so the road train driver can see you.
4. If you want to pass, keep your right hand blinker on to let the truckie know.
5. Use your UHF radio to call through on Channel 40. Identify the truck and the direction and ask if it is clear to pass.
6. When it's clear, accelerate at a safe and consistent speed and pass.
7. Be aware of your speed when you've completed your overtaking manoeuvre. Road trains need plenty of room to come to a stop.
8. Be aware of everyone around you and remember it's always good to acknowledge when people do the right things with a wave and a smile.
Being Overtaken
1. If you're travelling close together with other caravans, leave at least 100m between you and the caravan in front. Truck drivers need room to pull in after their overtaking manoeuvre.
2. If you are about to be overtaken by a road train, maintain a consistent speed, don't break or slow down, and definitely don't speed up.
3. Road trains can be more than 50m long, so let the driver know when they can pull in after their overtaking manoeuvre with a flash of your headlights.
4. It's about everyone doing the right thing on our roads. By understanding what to do, being patient and being courteous we'll all arrive at our destination safely.
Join us on the road in Saturday Travel in the next edition of The Weekend West for Part Two of our Great Coral Coast Drive Adventure — this time between Carnarvon and Exmouth.
You can't call Fox News “fair and balanced” anymore… because they're not calling themselves that anymore.
The cable news network is dropping its famous “Fair & Balanced” marketing slogan, according to New York Magazine — a slogan that's been an integral part of Fox News since the channel debuted in 1996. The motto was an invention of late founder/chairperson Roger Ailes, who resigned last year after a series of sexual-harassment allegations. Fox will reportedly rely on its other tagline going forward: “Most Watched. Most Trusted.”
The “Fair & Balanced” moniker was a controversial one, viewed by some as a way for the conservative-leaning news channel to feign editorial objectivity. (NY Mag‘s Gabriel Sherman calls it an example of “Ailes' cynical genius at its most successful.”) But Ailes insisted it was a necessary guideline to fight the tide of a largely liberal media. “He would say, ‘The news is like a ship. If you take hands off the wheel, it pulls hard to the left,'” a Fox News senior producer remembers.
The move is the latest sign that Fox News is busy rebuilding its identity in the wake of Ailes' departure, along with the high-profile exits of anchors Megyn Kelly (who left to join NBC News) and Bill O'Reilly (who was fired following their own sexual-harassment scandal).
Does dropping the “Fair & Balanced” slogan make you more likely to watch Fox News? Drop your thoughts in a comment below.
FILE - In this Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump speaks during an event at the White House in Washington, as first lady Melania Trump listens. Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law. The president is scheduled to unveil their plan Monday, March 19, 2018, in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction nationwide calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where appropriate under current law, a top administration official said Sunday. It's a fate for drug dealers that Trump, who aims to be seen as tough on crime, has been highlighting publicly in recent weeks.
Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs needed to trigger mandatory minimum sentences for traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids, said Andrew Bremberg, Trump's domestic policy director, who briefed reporters Sunday on the plan Trump is scheduled to unveil Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis.
The president will be joined by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to their focus on child welfare.
Death for drug traffickers and mandatory minimum penalties for distributing certain opioids are just two elements under the part of Trump's plan that deals with law enforcement and interdiction to break the international and domestic flow of drugs into and across the U.S.
Other parts of the plan include broadening education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the "ultimate penalty."
The president told the audience at a Pennsylvania campaign rally this month that countries like Singapore have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. They argued that a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, but that a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands can spend little or no time in jail.
"The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness," Trump said in Moon Township.
They made similar comments at a recent White House summit on opioids. "Some countries have a very, very tough penalty - the ultimate penalty. And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do," Trump said. "So we're going to have to be very strong on penalties."
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for several limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the "drug kingpin" provisions of federal law.
Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, said it was not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Berman said the issue would be litigated extensively and would have to be definitively decided by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, Trump declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission they put together to study the issue.
"We call it the crisis next door because everyone knows someone," said Kellyanne Conway, a Trump senior adviser. "This is no longer somebody else's community, somebody else's kid, somebody else's co-worker."
Other elements of the plan Trump will discuss Monday call for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which Trump announced last October, and increased research and development through public-private partnerships between the federal National Institutes of Health and pharmaceutical companies.
Bremberg said the administration also has a plan to cut the number of filled opioid prescriptions by one-third within three years.
The stop in New Hampshire will be Trump's first visit as president. They won the state's 2016 Republican presidential primary but narrowly lost in the general election to Hillary Clinton. It follows a visit to the state last week by retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic. Flake told New Hampshire Republicans that someone needs to stop Trump - and it could be them if no one else steps up.
___
Associated Press writer Mark Sherman contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
2016 had some fantastic films in its kitty. While some were critically acclaimed, others raked in moolahs at the box office for being a compelling watch. While in some films, superstars stole the show, in the others, the script was the real hero. However, the lion's share of credit should go to the chef who cooked the delectable item i.e., the director! Some films made us laugh our heart out, some made us cry while some inspired us.
While we present a list of our favourites, we would also love to know which one did you like the most. Vote for the best movie of 2016 from our nominations below.
Airlift – Director – Raja Krishna Menon
Akshay Kumar is the boss of the patriotic drama genre. With films like Baby, Airlift, Rustom and Holiday, Akshay has time and again displayed their love for the nation. Airlift is one such film, where they play a Kuwait-based Indian business person who is responsible for world's biggest civilian evacuation during the Persian Gulf War. Kudos to Raja Krishna Menon for choosing a story, which is of immense pride to India and was unknown to many of its citizens before the film's release! People loved the film, which went on to become a super-hit.
Neerja – Director – Ram Madhvani
Neerja introduced us to an excellent actor— Sonam Kapoor. This actor has a number of films to their credit but with Neerja, Sonam showed the world their class. The film is based on the true story of Neerja Bhanot, an Ashok Chakra award winning (posthumous) air hostess, who played a crucial role in saving hundreds of passengers on board a hijacked Pan Am flight while sacrificing their own life (1986). Ram Madhvani has done a brilliant job in keeping the film as realistic as possible while narrating the 22-year-old's heroic tale of bravery. The film brings Neerja back to life!
Sultan – Director – Ali Abbas Zafar
Sultan is high on drama and entertainment. Ali Abbas Zafar tells an inspiring tale of a middle-aged wrestler from Haryana who quits the sport in order to combat personal issues and then makes an unanticipated comeback. It's a delight to watch Salman Khan Wrestle and one can't help stare at their chiselled body! Anushka puts up a fairly good performance as a female wrestler and Sultan's wife. The film makes viewers feel that it's never too late to start afresh and age is definitely not a bar if you want to chase your dreams.
Rustom – Director – Tinu Suresh Desai
Akshay Kumar's Rustom is a mixed bag of romance, lust, guilt, vengeance, murder and of course patriotism. Rustom is a compelling thriller which draws heavily from the controversial Nanavati case (1959). Rustom is a courtroom drama, high on suspense and entertainment, which will keep you glued to your seat and this, is where Tinu Suresh Desai scores. Akshay Kumar's acting is controlled, understated. Also, the actor looks super handsome in the navy uniform and steals the show with their performance.
M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story – Director – Neeraj Pandey
Sushant Singh Rajput as the talented, stoic Dhoni is impeccable! The Mahendra Singh Dhoni biopic will surely be counted as a milestone for Sushant's career. Even though the Neeraj Pandey directorial glorifies the cricketer ignoring the controversies surrounding them and many other aspects, but it makes for a compelling watch. You'll love the film whether you are a Dhoni fan or not. After all, it's not every day that a biopic on a cricketer, who is still active in their profession, is made!
Ae Dil Hai Mushkil – Director – Karan Johar
Ae Dil Hai Mushkil could easily be renamed as Ae Dil Hai Music, thanks to Pritam's soul-stirring melody combined with Amitabh Bhattacharya's lyrics! The Karan Johar film is a romantic, emotional drama (like most of their films) but with a touch of maturity (especially its strong female characters Saba and Alizeh). The film's strength lies in the excellent performance by Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor and Anushka Sharma apart from Karan's direction. Shah Rukh Khan impresses in their cameo.
Dangal – Director – Nitesh Tiwari
Kudos to Nitesh Tiwari! What a film! Dangal is surely one among the top three films of 2016. There is a lot to learn from Aamir Khan, who does not hesitate to experiment with roles, unlike most others of their age who prefer playing it safe. The 51-year-old does it with a conviction that is praiseworthy. Also, their drastic physical transformation bears testimony to their level of dedication. Not just Aamir but Fatima Sana Shaikh and debutantes Sanya Malhotra, Zaira Wasim and Suhani Bhatnagar deserve mention too. Dangal is compelling, inspiring and can be watched N number of times, as this is a film, which will never grow old.
Things to THINK about When Wiring Accessories…
When wiring anything in your vehicle that draws heavy current such as high powered offroad lights or audio amplifiers, there are a few things to consider. Number one, make sure you use wire that is rated for the amperage that the accessories is going to pull. It is always better to have wire that is OVERrated rather than wire that is not rated high enough. If wire is used that is not rated to handle the current that your accessory will pull, the result could be overheated wires that could melt the insulation or the electrical plugs found throughout your vehicle (see image below), causing a short or worse yet it could result in a fire. If you know how much current your accessory will draw you can determine what gauge wire is appropriate for your application.
Personally I like to use wire that far exceeds the current draw of my accessory. It's overkill but in a few applications I've used heavy gauge stranded industrial wire with water and chemical resistant insulation. That way there is no question as to whether the wire is rated high enough or not. If this approach is taken, it is very wise to place a fuse at the battery end as close to the battery as possible. Most wire in a vehicle, if shorted out, will burn up before the battery overheats and possibly explodes. If wire that is over-rated for vehicle use is used and a short occurs, a short will most likely result in damage to the vehicle of some sort unless a fuse is put in line as close to the battery as possible. With the fuse there, in the case of a dead short, the fuse will burn out first before any damage could occur.
Where to Get your Power
The second important thing to consider when adding accessories is to determine where you will get your power. Many people will consider tapping into the hot wire of an existing circuit using something called a T-tap or quick slide connector, which are designed specifically for tapping into an existing wire. This is not always a good idea for several reasons. First and foremost, tapping into an existing circuit puts additional load on that circuit. The additional load placed on a circuit or wire may exceed the limits of those wires, connectors and fuse. Overloading a circuit will do one of two things. First, it may blow a fuse. So people will sometimes place a larger fuse in the fuse block to handle the extra load on that circuit. BAD IDEA! The fuse may hold but the resulting extra current may be more that the wire is rated for creating heat that can melt wires and connectors and start fires! The connector to the right was overloaded and fused two adjacent terminals together, causing a short the blew the vehicles main fuse. Before the fuse blew the connector actually started to burn. The wire that carried the extra load also had melted its insulation and in places was exposed. Luckily for the owner of this vehicle, it did not result in a fire but in many cases it does.
A better idea….
With accessories that pull a lot of power it is always better to get your power directly from the batteries positive terminal rather than tapping into the existing fuse block or wiring harness. In most cases the vehicles existing fuse blocks, wires and connectors are not rated to handle the additional load of high powered accessories such as offroad lights and amplifiers. If you are the kind of person that likes to add all kind of goodies to your vehicle it might be worth installing an additional fuse block that handles non-critical items like offroad lights, CB radios, power inverters, audio equipment, etc. This additional block can then be powered by a heavy-duty wire capable of carrying the current required of all the accessories on the block. Be sure to fuse the block at the battery.
Another important thing to consider is how you control the switching on/off of the power to your accessories. In almost every case where high current is required, the switch you will use to turn on the power should not handle the load because most switches are not designed to handle higher amps. The job of switching the power is better left to a relay. What is a relay? A relay is a device that, through a magnetic induction coil, turns on the power for you. The switch that is installed in the cab of your 4×4 actually only powers the relay itself which draws very little current. In most installations a 30 AMP relay from Radio Shack (Auto Relay Cat. Number 275-226) will do unless your amperage demands exceed 30 amps. I like to use a lighted switch in the cab to let me know if driving lights are on.
The method I use for wiring the lights and other external accessories, for the most part, follows the diagram pictured above. As in the diagram a wire is run from a 12 volt power source to the switch in the cab and out to the relay placing a fuse at the source of the power. (Follow the relay's wiring schematic when connecting the wires to the relay) One of the relays terminals goes to ground. Then run a heavy gauge wire from the battery to the relay placing a 30 Amp fuse in line very close to the battery. Do not connect the power to the battery until all wiring is done. Then I run a single heavy gauge wire out to the lights or other accessory. If installing lights, split it into two leads at the lights. If you do this be sure the wire is rated to handle BOTH lights since it will carry the current of both. The diagram shows two leads coming from the relay. Then I run the second wire of the lights or other accessory to a good ground on the frame of the vehicle. If the wires will not be soldered together and crimped connectors will be used it's a good idea to put a dielectric paste on the connectors where they come in contact. This will prevent corrosion as time passes ensuring a good connection. Then double-checked all wiring before plugging in the power.
Ohms Law
Ohm's Law Defined
Ohm's Law defines the relationships between (P) power, (E) voltage, (I) current, and (R) resistance. One ohm is the resistance value through which one volt will maintain a current of one ampere.
( I ) Current is what flows on a wire or conductor. Current is measured in (A) amperes or amps.
( E ) Voltage is the difference in electrical potential between two points in a circuit. It's the push or pressure behind current flow through a circuit, and is measured in (V) volts.
( R ) Resistance determines how much current will flow through a component. Resistors are used to control voltage and current levels. The higher the resistance, the smaller the amount of current is allowed to flow. Resistance is measured in ohms.
( P ) Power is the amount of current times the voltage level at a given point measured in wattage or watts.
V = I x R
I = V / R
R = V / I
Alternative Offroad Lights or Accessory Wiring Diagram Using a Relay
Also see:
12 Volt Wiring Gauge Requirements at specific Amps for Automotive Electrical Systems
Automotive Wiring Tips – Using Relays
12 Volt Wiring Gauge Requirements at specific Amps for Automotive Electrical Systems
12 Volt Wiring – Distance and Amps to Gauge Chart
Converting Candlepower to Watts and vice-versa & Other Offroad Light Information
Automotive Wiring Tips & Techniques
HEI Ignition Installation and Review
Using LED lights in your Vehicle
LightForce Driving Lights Install/Review
What are HID Lights?
SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video captures inmates holding shanks on a blood-covered prison floor during the violent riot that left seven inmates dead inside Lee Correctional Institution in Bishopville, SC on Monday, April 16. Justin Bamberg Lynnette Cantos
Cellphone video captures inmates holding shanks on a blood-covered prison floor during the violent riot that left seven inmates dead inside Lee Correctional Institution in Bishopville, SC on Monday, April 16. Justin Bamberg Lynnette Cantos
AMRITSAR, India (AP) — In the 70 years since India and Pakistan were created from the former British Empire, there has never been a venue focused on the stories and memorabilia of those who survived that chaotic and bloody chapter in history — until now.
A new museum on the Partition of the Indian subcontinent opens this week, as the two South Asian giants mark seven decades as independent nations.
The exhibitions are housed in the red-brick Town Hall building in the north Indian border city of Amritsar. They include photographs, newspaper clippings and donated personal items meant to tell the story of how the region's struggle for freedom from colonial rule turned into one of its most violent episodes.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It's Confirmed! After days of speculations and rumours, the most talked couple, Anushka Sharma and long time beau, Virat Kohli have officially hitched today.
In a private ceremony in Italy with their families, the duo tied a knot. It was a closed affair which was attended by few close friends and family members. The marriage took place at the Borgo Finocchieto, a luxury villa in Tuscany.
After hiding it for so long, the newly-wed finally took to their social media accounts to make an official announcement of their marriage. The official announcement read, “Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.”
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey. pic.twitter.com/Scobdiqk7l — Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) December 11, 2017
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love for ever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you.This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey. pic.twitter.com/aobTUwMNAK — Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) December 11, 2017
A few days back Anushka and Virat left for Italy with their families from Mumbai and Delhi respectively. The former was spotted at the airport with their family and a pandit which added fuel to the on-going speculations. Though the family members and Anushka's spokesperson remained tight-lipped.
A statement released by Anushka's spokesperson stated, “The couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.”
The statement further read, “The newly wed couple will travel to South Africa where Virat will start prepping for the upcoming series and Anushka will spend New Year's Eve with them and return in the first week of January to begin the next schedule of Anand L Rai's film with Shah Rukh Khan in Mumbai. They will also start prepping for Sui Dhaaga as the shooting for the same starts in February 2018 with Varun Dhawan. Anushka will also be busy with the marketing and promotions of Pari which is releasing on 9th February.”
“Virat, on the other hand, will be playing the series in South Africa for 2 months which includes three Tests, six One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. Post their wedding the newly wed couple will be shifting to their new residence in Worli, Mumbai in December once they return from Delhi.”
Their spokesperson said, “We are extremely grateful to the media for their support and understanding in making this special occasion a memorable one and thank them for their continued love and support.”
Many congratulations, Anushka & Virat! :)
Shown left to right: Trebioun Juan Hunter, 19, of Douglasville, GA; and Shyceal Masean Best, 19, of Powder Springs, GA (Photo source: Ocean Springs Police Dept.)
Two Georgia men and two juveniles are in custody after police say they stole several vehicles from the Planet Fitness parking lot on Hwy 90 in Ocean Springs.
Pascagoula Police tell us it all started around 4 pm Tuesday when reports first came in about the stolen cars. The three car owners said they were working out when someone gained access to their keys and took off with their vehicles.
Ocean Springs investigators say the men took the keys from inside Planet Fitness, drove off, then used credit cards they found in the vehicles to make purchases at a local store.
About two hours later, an employee of the gym called police to let officers know a possible suspect was in Pascagoula, driving a gray Mercedes, with no tag.
Officers spotted a vehicle matching that description and tried to make a stop. But the driver sped off on the service drive, crashing the car into a utility pole at Chicot and 90.
A total of four suspects were arrested by Pascagoula Police, and all the missing vehicles have been found.
The two adults are being held the Ocean Springs Municipal Jail with no bond. Trebioun Juan Hunter, 19, of Douglasville, GA; and Shyceal Masean Best, 19, of Powder Springs, GA, are both charged with three counts of auto burglary, three counts motor vehicle theft, and two counts of credit card fraud.
The two juveniles are both being held at the Jackson County Youth Detention Center. They also face three counts of auto burglary, three counts of motor vehicle theft, and two counts of credit card fraud.
Investigators say this case is still under investigation, and more charges could be coming from other agencies in other states.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
A program for young girls who often skip school has been given a $10,000 funding injection.
Schools identify students with low attendance records and refer them to SHINE, a life skills program for girls.
SHINE attempts to discover the cause of regular absences and re-engage students in the school system.
Reasons for non-attendance range from unstable home lives to feeling alienated at school.
Program manager Tonia Swetman said the money would be likely to fund end-of-year reward camps for girls, who start attending school 90 per cent of the time.
With a rise in school violence cases, teachers may be required to attend self-defence classes. The West Australian Video With a rise in school violence cases, teachers may be required to attend self-defence classes.
Last year, 12.5 per cent of SHINE girls achieved a yearly average attendance of more than 90 per cent.
Just over half the SHINE cohort achieved an attendance record of more than 70 per cent.
The program recently expanded northwards, where girls from Northampton District High School take the bus to Geraldton to participate.
The Commonwealth Bank donated $10,000 as part of a plan to give $10 million to groups, charities and disadvantaged schools in every community in which a Commonwealth Bank branch is located.
The money is estimated to be given to services in more than 1000 places.
The Shahenshah of Bollywood Amitabh Bachchan and Rani Mukerji have shared a great bond over the years. The duo even have worked together in movies like Black, Baabul, Kabhie Khushi Kabhi Gham and Bunty Aur Babli.
Recently, Rani was shooting for their upcoming film Hichki, and at the same studio Amitabh was shooting for an ad. When Big B wrapped up the ad shoot, they bumped into Rani Mukerji. Both the actors were delighted to see each other and shared a warm hug.
Amitabh shared the picture on their blog and wrote, “And while I go through the myriad expression changes I bump into the ‘malkin' of YRF .. the Rani ..Who I meet after ages .. after marriage and child anyway.”
Rani was last seen in 2014's Mardaani which was directed by Pradeep Sarkar and produced by Yash Raj Films. The film was a successful affair at the box office and Rani received accolades for their performance.
Post Mardaani, Rani took break from films to take care of their daughter Adira Chopra. Rani Mukerji is married to the filmmaker and Chairman of Yash Raj Films, Aditya Chopra.
Talking about Hichki Rani said on Facebook Live, “I was looking for a script that would challenge and excite me, and Hichki came my way. Each of us has a weakness that pulls us back. It could be a disability or any condition but if we just look at it as simply a hiccup, we can emerge as a winner. It won't come in the way of achieving our dreams. Hichki is built on this positive premise and I decided to take it up.”
The story of Hichki revolves around the character of Rani, who turns their biggest weakness into their biggest strength.
Rani has confirmed that Hichki will release this year itself. Hichki is directed by Siddharth P Malhotra, who previously directed the Kajol, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Arjun Rampal starrer We Are Family. The film was produced under the banner of Dharma Productions and was the official remake of 1998's Hollywood flick Stepmom.
It will be a 3rd film for Maneesh Sharma as a producer along with Yash Raj Films after Dum Laga Ke Haisha and Meri Pyaari Bindu.
On the other hand Amitabh will be next seen in Ram Gopal Varma's Sarkar 3, which is set to hit the screens on 12th May.
There was heartbreak for Colombia in Moscow last night.
There was heartbreak for Colombia in Moscow last night.
YERRY MINA BELIEVES Colombia deserved to win their round of 16 ties against England, despite their elimination from the World Cup on penalties.
The Barcelona defender scored three times during the tournament, including a last-minute equaliser against the Three Lions to send Tuesday's game into extra-time.
But the South Americans were eliminated in heartbreaking fashion for the second consecutive World Cup after an unlucky defeat to Brazil in 2014, and Mina said it was a massive disappointment to lose against England.
“It was a tremendous blow,” they told Mundo Deportivo.
“We did not deserve to lose, we have done more than England and the pity is that we could not decide [the game] before the penalties.
“It is a blow for the whole group. I thank God because they allowed me to score another important goal for my country, and I really thought that in the extra time we could win.”
Mina, 23, signed for the Catalan giants from Palmeiras in January, but only appeared five times for them in the back half of the season.
Their performances at the World Cup have caught the eye of several clubs; however, they claimed they would take some time out to consider their future.
“In my head, I'm going back to Barça,” they said.
“Now is not the time to talk about my future, but the World Cup has helped me reconnect and reaffirm myself as a footballer.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 47-year-old Cheltenham woman who founded their local Neighbourhood Watch stole more than £16,000 from their former employers, a court heard yesterday.
Debbie Kelly, of Wellington Square, worked in the accounts department of Datasource Computer Employment Ltd and took advantage of their trusted position to steal, Gloucester Crown Court was told.
They admitted committing fraud by false representation between January 11, 2016 and February 28 last year.
The court was told they made eight fraudulent transactions and paid £16,401 of their employer's money into their RBS account.
Judge Michael Harington sentenced Kelly to 12 months custody suspended for two years.
Prosecutor Susan Cavendar told the judge that another member of staff noticed payments that could not be accounted for.
The payments were to an unknown bank account and there were no matching invoices.
Ms Cavender said that Kelly was the only person who had access to the company's bank accounts.
They said that once arrested and interviewed, Kelly made "full confessions".
Kelly explained to the police that they had got into financial difficulties, and "didn't realise how much they had taken".
Ms Cavender said: "This was an isolated incident. There is no suggestion of dishonesty with previous employers."
Kelly had told police that "she needed money to keep a roof over them head".
However, Ms Cavender pointed out that Kelly had made a payment of £2,000 into their savings account on February 2 last year.
"Then the following day they bought a sofa for £1,152," they said.
The court heard a victim statement from Lindsay Babbage, a director of Datasource, who said the company was "rocked to the core" by Kelly's offending, and that it had caused "huge operational disruption".
Kelly had no previous convictions.
Greg Gordon, representing Kelly, said they were of "previous exemplary character". They pointed to them founding their local Neighbourhood Watch. They were trusted by neighbours, they said.
"There is obvious and genuine remorse for what they did," Mr Gordon said.
They told the judge that Kelly had "walking difficulties and other issues".
"She suffers from depression, anxiety and post traumatic stress disorder," they said.
"A suspended sentence will certainly be a punitive sentence," they argued.
They said that this was "an offence of desperation".
Mr Gordon claimed that they had taken out a loan to assist their ex-husband's parents, although that was disputed by their ex-husband.
"Their business collapsed and they needed to pay their mortgage," they said. "She was the only one with a good credit rating, so took out a loan for them.
"They sold their house, but didn't pay them back," they claimed.
The court heard that Kelly has £17,000 of debt, but is working with debt charities.
"Her only income is benefits," Mr Gordon said. "She sold their car in October for £500.
"Her ex-husband lost their job and has stopped paying their £200 per month in maintenance they used to receive from him," they claimed.
"She did something entirely wrong and is very remorseful for it," Mr Gordon concluded.
The judge said to Kelly as they sentenced her: "This is an extremely serious offence.
"You appreciate that and feel remorse.
"You were in a position of trust.
"I appreciate you were in a difficult situation at the time, but what you did was outrageous and totally inappropriate.
"I take into account your bad health," the judge said. "You have had a serious operation.
"This was not sophisticated offending.
"At the end of the day you have committed an offence that very often, in fact invariably, attracts a custodial sentence.
"It is so serious that it has to be imprisonment, but I am prepared in the slightly unusual circumstances to suspend it," the judge said.
Alongside the suspended sentence, the judge ordered Kelly to pay Datasource £250 in compensation having heard that was the excess they had to pay on their insurance.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medalist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title.
ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an "extensive" tear in their labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery.
Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" they said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with their GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
This artist's rendering shows the first interstellar asteroid: 'Oumuamua. This unique object was discovered on Oct. 19, 2017 by the Pan-STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii. The University of Toronto's Alan Jackson reported Monday, March 19, 2018, that the asteroid â€” the first confirmed object in our solar system originating elsewhere â€” is probably from a binary star system. That's where two stars orbit a common center. According to Jackson and their team, the asteroid was likely ejected from its system as planets formed. (M. Kornmesser/European Southern Observatory via AP)
This artist's rendering shows the first interstellar asteroid: 'Oumuamua. This unique object was discovered on Oct. 19, 2017 by the Pan-STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii. The University of Toronto's Alan Jackson reported Monday, March 19, 2018, that the asteroid â€” the first confirmed object in our solar system originating elsewhere â€” is probably from a binary star system. That's where two stars orbit a common center. According to Jackson and their team, the asteroid was likely ejected from its system as planets formed. (M. Kornmesser/European Southern Observatory via AP)
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Our first known interstellar visitor likely came from a two-star system.
That's the latest from astronomers who were amazed by the mysterious cigar-shaped object, detected as it passed through our inner solar system last fall.
The University of Toronto's Alan Jackson reported Monday that the asteroid - the first confirmed object in our solar system originating elsewhere - is probably from a binary star system. That's where two stars orbit a common center. According to Jackson and their team, the asteroid was likely ejected from its system as planets formed.
"It has been wandering interstellar space for a long time since," the scientists wrote in the Royal Astronomical Society's journal, Monthly Notices .
Discovered in October by a telescope in Hawaii millions of miles away, the asteroid is called Oumuamua, Hawaiian for messenger from afar arriving first, or scout. The red-tinged rock is estimated to be possibly 1,300 feet (400 meters) long and zooming away from the Earth and sun at more than 16 miles (26 kilometers) per second.
Last month, a science team led by Wesley Fraser of Queen's University Belfast reported that Oumuamua is actually tumbling through space, likely the result of a collision with another asteroid or other object that kicked it out of its home solar system. They expect it to continue tumbling for billions of more years.
Scientists originally thought it might be an icy comet, but now agree it is an asteroid.
"The same way we use comets to better understand planet formation in our own solar system, maybe this curious object can tell us more about how planets form in other systems." Jackson said in a statement.
Close binary star systems may be the source of the majority of interstellar objects out there, both icy comets and rocky asteroids, according to the researchers.
INDIANAPOLIS — Kelan Martin scored 26 points and Butler rolled past DePaul 80-57 on Saturday.
Martin, the second-leading scorer in the Big East, had 19 points in the first half when the Bulldogs (17-7, 7-4 Big East) took a 10-point lead with Martin hitting a 3-pointer to cap the first 20 minutes.
Martin added another 3-pointer to open the second half and the lead remained in double figures, reaching a high of 25 with 1:43 left on a 3-pointer by Campbell Donovan.
Paul Jorgensen had three of Butler's 10 3-pointers in scoring 13 points and Kamar Baldwin added 10 points for the Bulldogs, who have a four-game winning streak that started with a 79-67 win over the Blue Demons. Martin made 10 of their 11 free-throw attempts.
An award-winning film featuring the University of Nottingham SpiderLab's Dr Sara Goodacre among a host of stars, including Neil Gaiman and Stephen Fry, is coming to Lakeside Arts on campus for a special free screening and Q&A.
Sixteen Legs is a feature-length documentary that journeys into a world like no other on earth – where giant prehistoric spiders the size of dinner plates seek love in the dark. The film will be screened at the Djanogly Theatre at Lakeside Arts, University Park, on Wednesday, June 6, at 5.30pm.
As the world rapidly descends into the next period of global mass extinction, a message of hope comes from an unlikely hero – a creature, often unfairly reviled, that has survived prior mass extinctions and climatic change in a magical ecosystem hidden beneath the World Heritage mountains of one of the world's last great wildernesses.
With spectacular imagery and a dark-fantasy twist by the master storyteller Neil Gaiman, this real-world ‘Charlotte's Web' brings a story of stability and solitude into our world of rapid change.
The film's prize-winning cinematography documents the 25th anniversary of scientific research into animals that outlasted the dinosaurs.
These spiders have survived the splitting of the continents and have endured the entirety of human civilisation in Australia's deepest caves. From the visually stunning wilderness of Tasmania to an underworld few people have seen, the film takes us on an adventure into an ecosystem that preceded us and may still outlast us.
The film runs for one hour and 40 minutes and will be followed by a Q&A with Dr Niall Doran, writer, producer and co-director of Sixteen Legs. Dr Sara Goodacre will be moderating the Q&A, bringing their knowledge of all things arachnid to the stage as director of the University of Nottingham's SpiderLab.
Dr Goodacre said: “This screening is a unique opportunity to see this gripping documentary that captures the lives of these amazing spiders in terrific detail.
“It's also hugely entertaining as it examines the human reaction to these creatures that ranges from absolute fascination to utmost terror. It's also great that the audience will have the chance to ask questions to zoologist Dr Niall Doran, who is coming all the way from Australia to share their personal account of making the film.”
The screening is a pay what you can event, with a suggested donation of £5. Proceeds will support the Bookend Trust's work supporting students studying unknown aspects of the natural world.
Booking is via the Lakeside Arts website at www.lakesidearts.org.uk
The screening will start at 5.30pm so ticket holders are asked to arrive around ten minutes before so that there is plenty of time for questions at the end.
Collared flycatchers are small passerine birds that are expanding their European breeding range towards the north in response to global climate warming. Approximately 50 years ago this species started to colonize Öland, an island in the Baltic Sea, and has since then expelled members of a closely related species - the pied flycatcher - from preferred habitats through competition over nest sites and hybridization i.e. mixed breeding between species. Hybridizing between the species is harmful as hybrid individuals do not produce offspring.
"By rushing to respond to climate change at different speed, the pressure to respond to each other lessens", explains Päivi Sirkiä, researcher at the Finnish Museum of Natural History and co-author of the study at the University of Helsinki.
The results of this study suggest that changing environment may sometimes facilitate cohabitation and thus potentially prevent extinction of very closely related species through different speed of adaptation to new conditions. Even minor differences in the response to environmental change of co-occurring closely related species can quickly affect the level of reproductive isolation and patterns of competitive exclusion between species. This indicates the complexity of understanding the ongoing effects of climate change on biodiversity.
The joint study by researchers at the Finnish Museum of Natural History and Uppsala University, shows that that there is some hope for pied flycatchers within the breeding range of collared flycatcher. The two species react differently to locally increasing spring temperatures: collared flycatchers need to advance their onset of breeding relatively more. This means that late breeding pied flycatchers experience a reduced risk of mixed breeding.
Adjustment of timing facilitates co-existence
Warmer spring temperatures advance the time of bud break, and therefore, the period that insects are most abundant. This affects many breeding bird species in the Northern Hemisphere that are reliant on caterpillars to feed their offspring. Both flycatcher species migrate all the way from Africa every year to eat and feed this nutritious caterpillar larvae while breeding. The birds need to time the onset of breeding to match the peak in food abundance. When the spring gets warmer the birds need to breed earlier to ensure that there are enough caterpillars to feed their quickly growing offspring. During the last 14 years collared flycatchers have advanced their timing of breeding relatively more than pied flycatchers. Increased temporal segregation is beneficial because pied flycatchers reduce their risk of harmful mixed breeding with collared flycatchers.
"Time is one barrier that reduces interbreeding and facilitates co-existence", says Sirkiä.
Why do these closely related and apparently ecologically similar birds respond differently to the changes in their shared local environment? A likely explanation is provided by some minor differences in resource use. Pied flycatchers have a broader niche use, including a slightly more variable diet than collared flycatchers. Pied flycatchers are thus less obliged to match their onset of breeding with the climate change-driven seasonal advancement of the peak of caterpillar larvae.
The build-up of reproductive isolation between species typically takes very long time but the recent contact zone on Öland means that causes and consequences of hybridization can be studied in real time.
The study was conducted by careful monitoring of more than 3200 breeding occasions of flycatchers, including determining how many nestlings were hatched to each breeding pair, and how many of these nestlings successfully fledged. This gave the researchers a good idea of the importance of earlier breeding for collared flycatchers, since when they bred earlier, they successfully fledged more nestlings.
###
mrichardson@hawaiinewsnow.com
Serving our community and giving back. Being a parent and working at a children's hospital, gives you a certain perspective on families in need and helping others.
For the past three years, I've served as the director of communications and marketing for Shriners Hospitals for Children — Honolulu and it was more rewarding than I ever imagined. Giving keiki opportunities to appear in the hospital's award-winning local TV ads; seeing physicians honored in the community; and landing patients' appearances on Hawaii Five-0 were just some of the highlights. While working at Shriners Hospitals, I did some moonlighting by hosting Insights on PBS Hawaii where I moderated forums for the Governor's and Congressional races.
Now that I've returned to news, I'm coming back to my TV ‘ohana. KGMB hired me as an associate producer right out of college at the University of Pennsylvania and internships at CBS News in New York and Philadelphia. I was promoted to reporter and even worked with my now co-anchor, Keahi Tucker. We were both rookies and have come a long way since those early days.
I moved on to report at KGW in Portland, Oregon and then returned home to anchor the morning news at KITV for eleven years. My most memorable stories include covering President Obama's first inauguration; interviewing Donald Trump, the Hokulea's arrival in Easter Island; getting up close to the lava at Kilauea; and hosting and producing the documentary, “War with Iraq, Through the Eyes of Hawaii's Keiki,” which received an Edward R. Murrow Award.
A Kamehameha Schools alum and 2016 cohort of Pacific Century Fellows, I currently serve on the boards of Friends of Shriners and Ka Honua Momona on Molokai. I'm humbled to be honored with Pacific Business News 2017 Women Who Mean Business Women to Watch.
Nature, dancing, volunteering and spending time with my husband and son, Sky, give me the give me the biggest joys and I'm thankful for the opportunity to inform, enlighten and inspire.
Australian teenagers still split down gender lines when it comes to their career aspirations.
A national survey by the Australian Institute of Family Studies asked 3500 students aged 14 and 15 about their potential future profession.
The majority of boys went for jobs in engineering, construction and the tech industry, while girls avoided those careers, instead saying they'd like to be education, legal or social professionals.
Senior research fellow Jennifer Baxter was surprised to find not much has changed from generation to generation.
"It's really about what the girls and boys grow up thinking about and are being exposed to," Dr Baxter told AAP on Tuesday.
"There is a lot of gender divides within the labour market so boys and girls growing up are still seeing mostly women in those jobs like teaching and nursing."
Eleven per cent of teens selected careers in highly competitive industries where there are very few jobs on offer.
The boys wanted to be professional footballers, YouTubers or technology experts, while the girls dreamt of becoming ballerinas or actors.
Institute director Anne Hollonds says there was a crossover between boys and girls in some industries, including the medical, design, planning and architecture professions.
"The highly gendered career aspirations may have been shaped at a much younger age by parents' occupations, the local area labour market, or their own interests and perceptions of available jobs," Ms Hollonds said in a statement.
While 40 per cent of 14 and 15-year-olds had no idea what their future occupation might be, Dr Baxter said that wasn't a problem for the age group.
"It can actually be beneficial if it means teens get to explore a range of options."
Originally published as Aussie teenagers still pick gendered jobs
Rio Tinto is investigating the cause of a spectacular fire that broke out at its Yandicoogina mining operation in the Pilbara on Saturday.
Footage of the incident posted on Jobs in Mining's Facebook page shows the fire starting in a train load-out bin and rapidly moving along an ore conveyer.
A Rio spokesperson said one firefighter was treated for minor smoke inhalation but no-one else was injured and the fire was brought under control quickly.
“Safety is our top priority and Rio Tinto has commenced an internal investigation into the incident and is also working with the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety to understand the cause of the fire,” the spokesperson said.
The mining giant said production was not expected to be affected by the fire.
Scottish independence talks are being held up by Brexit instability, while clarity of Belfast's Brexit preferences and right to devolved powers are distorted by absence of government in Stormont.
The Scottish Center on European Relations at Queen's University in Belfast has published a research paper on the impact of Brexit on Northern Ireland and Scotland.
New Report: ‘The two remain-voting areas of the UK face being hard-hit by Brexit'. Check out report on Northern Ireland and Scotland from Scottish Centre for European Research @SCER_eu #Brexit https://t.co/8SaTeetagk — Angus Robertson (@AngusRobertson) April 24, 2018​
The governments' policies on Brexit, issues of independence and free economy, as well as the question of devolution are discussed by the paper's authors Dr. Kirsty Hughes and Dr. Katy Hayward.
Brexit Policy Peculiarities
There are a number of delicate specifics considered by politicians in Edinburgh when they press for decisions on Brexit policies in Westminster. Soft is the Brexit type of choice for Scottish nationalists (SNP), whose leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon voiced concern over leaving the EU without a free trade deal. It would cost Scotland about £12.7 billion a year by 2030, according to the analysis revealed in the beginning of 2018.
In their speech at the 2017 SNP party conference, Sturgeon stressed the party will always make the case for independence, while Scotland should have the right to choose its future "when the terms of Brexit are clear." Half a year later and the terms of the UK leaving the European bloc are still unclear.
Following the Brexit vote, public support for independence in Scotland has diminished compared to the 2014 poll results.
According to the authors of the paper, "there is awareness — if not admitted publicly — that a hard Brexit creating a hard UK-EU border will also make independence trickier, since it would be likely to imply a hard England-Scotland border."
"And a future choice between EU or EEA membership for an independent Scotland — and debates over this — would, because of Brexit, have to take into account the impact of such policy choices on the border with the rest of the UK. If the UK did shift tack to stay in a custom's union with the EU, that would impact on any future independent Scotland's EU versus EEA choice."
When it comes to Belfast's preferences on Brexit policies, there are even more complications and uncertainty. The two main political parties — the Democratic Unionists (DUP) and Sinn Fein — are pursuing different agendas, which include a closer alliance with London and potentially a united Ireland.
READ MORE: Brexit's Your Mess, Fix the Irish Border Issue or No Deal — Donald Tusk Tells UK
According to Dr. Hughes and Dr. Hayward, given the dichotomy and the "concentration on the DUP and Sinn Féin in the talks rather than on the center ground parties – there is a concern that there will be little progress made on Brexit policy even if a power-sharing executive is restored."
Northern Ireland has been without a devolved government for over a year, since the power-sharing arrangement crashed in 2017.
The researchers note that the EU and Britain have agreed in principle that Irish citizens in Northern Ireland should retain their EU citizenship rights after Brexit.
"Given that people born in Northern Ireland are automatically entitled to Irish citizenship, this puts them in quite a different position to those in Scotland. Anecdotal evidence would suggest that new applications for Irish passports have come from staunch unionists (included among whom is one Ian Paisley Jr.) as well as nationalists. This is a demonstration of pragmatism rather than identity change," the academics argue.
Power Grab
The issue of access to devolved powers following Brexit has driven a wedge between Westminster and local governments across the UK. The SNP have accused the Conservative government in London of trying to grab the powers, "like support for farmers or control of our seas" that are exercised at an EU level and are subject to EU law via the EU Withdrawal Bill.
READ MORE: Brexit Driving a Wedge Between London and Local Governments
© AP Photo / Jane Barlow First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during First Minister's Questions at the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh, Scotland, Thursday Oct. 26, 2017
To prevent this, the Scottish government introduced a Scottish EU Continuity Bill, against which Westminster has launched court action to quash the Bill in the Supreme Court.
Despite assurances from British Devolution Secretary David Lidington that Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland will exercise the vast majority of powers currently held by Brussels, dealing with areas such as carbon capture, management of energy and water quality, the local government leaders have blamed the Tories of attempting to undermine devolution and recentralizing power.
READ MORE: Regional UK Leaders Meet Prime Minister to Discuss Post-Brexit Powers
Due to absence of a Northern Ireland executive and assembly, Belfast has been under-represented in debates over a return of EU powers in devolved areas and the creation of new common frameworks, say the academics of the Queen's University in Belfast.
© REUTERS/ Umit Bektas Russian Ambassador Karlov Murder Aggression Against All Diplomats – Iraqi FM
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The gallery that has been closed since the assassination on December 19, 2016 will begin a new season on Thursday with a recital of a Catholic hymn, according to the Hurriyet newspaper.
Karlov was shot by Turkish off-duty police officer Mevlut Mert Altintas at the opening of an art gallery exhibition. Three more people were injured in the shooting. The Russian Foreign Ministry said it considered the attack a terrorist act.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said in their annual press conference in December 2016 that Russia would monitor all new developments in the investigation of Karlov's murder.
MORGAN MANNS / the Review Times
Crews work Wednesday to clean up the area of North Countyline Street where Tim Horton's was to be constructed. City officials reached out to Rensko Property LLC in mid-May, asking the owners to make the property “whole” and “bring the property up to grade.” This cease and desist order came after the company failed to restore the empty lot in a timely manner to a respectable condition after the company backed out and listed the property for sale. The company had been asked formally in writing in December to either address its intentions to build the restaurant or clean-up the property. The Westerville-based company agreed and hired a contractor to remove the excess dirt and straighten the property out. To address the Environmental Protection Agency concerns and bring the lot up to standards, the lot must be seeded to prevent run-off, the fence torn down and the lot leveled.
Comments
comments
In case you missed it, here are some of the top stories in mobile marketing and advertising we've been following this week.
New Report Highlights Power of Brands to Break Gender Stereotypes in Digital Advertising
According to a new report, the findings to which MMW was privy on Thursday, consumers believe brands have a role in breaking gender stereotypes in digital advertising ads.
Exclusive Op-Ed: How To Value Influencers
The following is an exclusive guest contributed post from Johnny Li, VP, Global Sales & Business Development at Cheetah Mobile. With 86% of marketers currently using influencer marketing as part of their content marketing strategies, now is a good time to be an influencer.
Syniverse Enables Listrak to ‘Expand' Mobile Marketing Services
On Tuesday, digital marketing company Listrak announced that it has teamed up with Syniverse to expand the suite of mobile marketing services Listrak offers retailers and other brands across the US.
Marketers Gain Unified View of Customers Across all Channels, Devices With BlueConic and Acxiom
On Wednesday, at the MarTech Conference in Boston, MA., BlueConic — a leading customer data platform — announced a first-of-its-kind partnership with Acxiom, touted as “the data foundation for the world's best marketers.”
Taykey Uses ‘Wisdom of the Crowds' to Tackle the Inventory Quality Challenge
Real-time data company, Taykey, just announced the launch of the Taykey Smart Whitelist, a real-time data layer designed to proactively optimize for quality, relevance, and engagement by identifying the content generating the most engagement across the general population.
Want to get the latest MMW news and insight delivered straight to your inbox every morning? Click here to sign up for our free newsletter.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp went deep against Eflin. Over their last three starts, Eflin has been unable to get through five innings.
"They took advantage of my bad pitches and they hit some good pitches," Eflin said. "It was just one of those days where I got hit around."
The Dodgers have won five of their last six games against the Phillies at Dodger Stadium, going back to April of last season. Since the start of 2015, the Dodgers have won 10 of 13 against the Phillies in Los Angeles.
Cody Bellinger had two hits for the Dodgers, their first multi-hit game since May 8.
SEIZING THE OPPORTUNITY
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. Clayton Kershaw (biceps tendinitis), Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offence in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
"That was just kind of a step in the bucket and flair it the other way," Stripling said of their third career hit. "It was cool to get an RBI."
WILLIAMS GOES DEEP AGAIN
Williams' home run that spoiled the Dodgers' potential shutout bid gave them home runs in consecutive games for the first time in their career. It also is helping to distance themselves from a rough end to April when they were in an 0-for-20 dry spell.
Four of Williams' six home runs have come over their last nine games and they have a .741 slugging percentage over that stretch.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Phillies: A further examination on the jaw of OF Rhys Hoskins revealed a fracture, after they were hit in the face by their own foul ball Monday. Hoskins is expected to go on the DL. ... Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL with a fracture in their left foot, will need to undergo a surgical procedure, Kapler said.
Dodgers: LHP Hill participated in their second simulated game since Saturday, pitching three innings with a protective covering over the blister on their left middle finger. There remains no timetable for Hill's return. ... A day after leaving their outing in the second inning, RHP Maeda was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a mild hip strain. ... INF Chase Utley also went on the 10-day disabled list with a left thumb sprain.
ROSTER SHUFFLE
With Maeda and Utley each going on the disabled list, the Dodgers recalled RHP Dennis Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster. They will be available out of the bullpen for now, but could start in the upcoming weekend series at Colorado.
The Phillies also added to their roster, recalling infielder Mitch Walding. They replaced Florimon, who fractured their foot in Tuesday's game.
UP NEXT
LHP Kershaw (1-4, 2.86 ERA) is expected to return from the disabled list and start in the series finale. RHP Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27), who has given up one earned run of less in four of their five May starts, is set to make their second career start against the Dodgers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
A Washington man was sentenced to 50 years to life in state prison for the 2000 shooting death of Robert Goodson inside their Rancho Cucamonga home – a homicide that went unsolved for years until a Cold Case team tackled the case.
Eddie Lee Evans, 46, learned their fate during proceedings held Friday before Judge Ingrid Uhler at Rancho Cucamonga Superior Court, according to online court records. They were ordered to be delivered to the California Department of Corrections at the California Institution for Men in Chino, records show.
In March, a jury found Evans guilty of murder in Goodson's death. The jury also determined allegations were true that Evans used a gun during the crime, discharged it and caused great bodily injury, according to court records.
On Feb. 16, 2000, deputies went to Goodson's home in the 12600 block of Baseline Avenue on a 911 call about an injured man. They were found on their living room couch with an apparent shotgun wound to their head, according to a San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department news release.
Goodson, 34, didn't know Evans, who was a drifter and had entered the house through an unlocked door, according to the Sheriff's Department. Evans was identified in 2000 as a person of interest, but the case went unsolved. Last year, a Cold Case team of detectives, investigators and prosecutors reinvestigated the case, leading to Evans' arrest in Everett, Washington on suspicion of killing Goodson.
Producer Ronnie Screwvala, who had taken an exit from the entertainment world is all set to comeback with their own production house.
Reportedly, Ronnie has signed Abhishek Bachchan and Irrfan Khan for their upcoming untitled project. The film will be a light-hearted rom-com and will be directed by Akarsh Khurana. The script of the film has been written by Akarsh along with Hussain Dalal.
Apparently, the film will feature Abhishek and Irrfan as friends, who are forced to go on a road trip due to some unavoidable circumstances.
The leading lady of the film is not finalized yet, but the makers are planning to cast a fresh face for the film.
The untitled film is slated to go on floors in the early next year.
Before this untitled project, Ronnie is producing Love Per Square Foot which stars Vicky Kaushal and Angira Dhar in lead roles.
The film marks the directorial debut of Anand Tiwari.
Apart from this, Abhishek Bachchan has three more projects. The actor will begin work with their own production Lefty, which will be helmed by Prabhu Dheva. They have also signed Nishikant Kamath's next untitled film and Priyadarshan's next as well.
Lefty is reportedly a sci-fi thriller. Reports suggest, it will be like Ghajini and deals with an eccentric left-handed guy.
The screenplay of Lefty is being helmed by Kona Venkat, who has previously written Salman Khan's Ready and has also scripted Boney Kapoor's Mom.
On the other hand, Irrfan Khan will be next seen in Saket Chaudhary's Hindi Medium. The film also stars Pakistani actor Saba Qamar, Deepak Dobriyal and Amrita Singh in key roles. The film is set to hit the screens on 12th May and will clash with Meri Pyaari Bindu and Amitabh Bachchan starrer Sarkar 3 at the box office.
By The Associated Press
CENTRAL FALLS, R.I. (AP) — Two corrections officers have been placed on paid leave as authorities investigate an inmate's escape from a Rhode Island detention center.
Former Army reservist James Morales was reported missing Saturday night and remains at large.
Wyatt Correctional Center warden Daniel Martin tells WBZ-TV (http://cbsloc.al/2ivyGIG ) that two officers were placed on leave. They say Morales escaped around 7 p.m. but wasn't discovered missing until three hours later.
The prison in Central Falls remains locked down as officials review procedures.
The 35-year-old Morales is charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and faces child rape charges.
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro, Massachusetts, and stole a car that was found Sunday. They believe they are bleeding from razor wire that they climbed through to escape.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
SBCC passes resolution to support success for all students
Close
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
City College Board of Trustees passed Resolution 17 at its meeting on Thursday, Jan. 26 to reaffirm its existing policies regarding the college being a “safe place” for all of its students.
The college remains dedicated to the success of each student and is committed to serve all students without regard to immigration status, race, age, gender, race, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, medical conditions or disabilities, or socioeconomic status.
“This is a way of us saying yes, we really mean it. It is not just a slight thing for us, it is very real,” Trustee Peter Haslund said.
However, many question the resolution's power when comparing it to a larger governmental scale. Students, faculty and staff across the country fear how they will be affected by President Trump's executive order to increase immigration officers at schools, carry out deportations and call for the defunding of sanctuary cities.
“We cannot be a sanctuary campus, everything here is in accordance to whatever is allowed to us by law,” Trustee Veronica Gallardo said.
Nevertheless, the importance for freedom of speech was discussed at the meeting. Board members thanked the audience for showing up and making public comments.
“Have a little faith,” Trustee Craig Nielsen said. “One man speaking out even if they are the president of this country is not the whole government. And the process takes time, it doesn't happen overnight. Our country is not a dictatorship; it is a participative form of government.”
Despite President Trump's executive order, the California Community Colleges Board of Governors declared that all 113 community colleges should remain accessible to all students who meet the minimum requirements for admission, regardless of immigration status. The resolution gave compliance in that they have been and will continue to support this.
“This resolution sends a strong and clear statement especially to our undocumented students that we are on their side, and that we care, and we value their education, and that we have their back,” Trustee Jonathan Abboud said.
According to City College's mission statement, the college “provides students a diverse learning environment that inspires curiosity and discovery, promotes global responsibility, and fosters opportunity for all.”
Passing the resolution simply reaffirms and takes a stand on what City College is known for as a public community college. There will continue to be financial aid services and counseling for all students to achieve academic success and emotional well-being.
“Santa Barbara City College has always been safe,” Gallardo said.
The board believes that they aren't in any undue legal risk by supporting the resolution. It trusts that the state of California is on City College's side and future students might show interest in coming to the college knowing it's accepting and taking action.
“This is a crisis, but we shall weather it and we will do our best to weather it together,” Nielson said.
By MORGAN MANNS
STAFF WRITER
More than 2,300 homes on the south and east sides of Fostoria were without power for more than 12 hours Saturday.
According to a news release from Seneca County Public Information Officer Dean Henry, the outage was reported at approximately 2:15 a.m. and was listed as an equipment malfunction at the AEP Williston Avenue substation on South US 23 near the former Atlas Crankshaft facility.
AEP reported crews determined the cause of the outage was a transformer in the station, which feeds power to homes and businesses in the area. A “mobile transformer” was brought in from Lima to provide a source of power until the problem could be fixed.
In the meantime, the American Red Cross North Central Ohio Chapter opened a warming center at the Fostoria Intermediate Elementary School, 1202 HL Ford Drive, for residents to wait until power was restored to their homes.
“It's just a basic, safe, warm place for people to go during conditions like this,” Todd James, executive director, said.
Snacks and beverages were provided to the approximately 15 people who took advantage of the center, which was open for about four hours.
In addition, a local resident opened up their home to fellow Fostorians without power.
In a post on Seneca County Online garage sale Facebook page, Stephanie Drew invited those affected by the power outage a warm place to come in from the cold.
“We have power, a fire going, coffee, tea & hot chocolate,” they wrote. “If you need to come thoaw out, figure out your day, charge your phones, etc., our door is open. The kids can wait by the fire & watch cartoons!!”
Although they received quite a few interests, Drew said no one took them up on their offer.
They found out about the outage around 4 a.m. when their son, their girlfriend and their little girl were without power as well as a friend.
“I told them right away they could come over,” Drew said, noting they decided to wait it out for the original 5 a.m. restoration time. “I saw that power was not going to be restored until 6 p.m. and that's just way too long. At the time, I wasn't aware they were going to open up the school and I thought it was the least I could do. I don't have much to give but I did have a warm place.”
Although estimated at 6 p.m., crews worked throughout the day and were able to get powered restored earlier than expected, according to AEP representative Jessica Wright. The mobile transformer arrived in the later part of the morning and power was fully restored by 2:44 p.m.
The mobile unit will serve as a temporary fix until the original transformer can have the “required maintenance” to fix the issues it was experiencing.
“We were very happy to get everyone back in sooner than scheduled yesterday for both our crews and customers,” Wright said Sunday. “While the original transformer is receiving maintenance and the mobile unit is being removed, customers should not see any type of interruption.”
Comments
comments
Special counsel Robert Mueller has focused on events since the election — not during the campaign — in their conversations with President Trump's lawyers, Axios reported Monday.
“That suggests a focus on obstruction of justice while in office, rather than collusion with Russia during the campaign,” the report said.
The report said the top two topics that Mueller has expressed interest in so far are the firings of FBI director James Comey and national security adviser Michael Flynn.
President Trump fired Comey last May, under the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. However, in an interview, Trump said the Russia investigation was also on their mind.
Comey told lawmakers that Trump had asked them to let former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn go — who was under FBI investigation — during a private conversation. The president has denied making any such request.
Comey later admitted they took notes after conversations with the president, and they gave them to at least one friend to pass to the media after they were no longer FBI director, for the purpose of prompting the appointment of a special counsel.
Mueller's team has been negotiating with White House lawyers to work out the specifics of an interview with Trump within “the next few weeks,” according to Axios.
The “big question” is whether it will be in person, in writing, or a combination of the two.
Kenneth Starr, the special counsel whose investigation led to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton, told Fox News recently that they did not see any evidence of obstruction of justice by Trump.
“I've seen nothing in … the firing of [former FBI Director] James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggest the president has obstructed justice,” they told Fox News on February 28.
The president tweeted repeatedly over the weekend about the special counsel investigation, reflecting their deep frustration over the matter.
If Axios's report is true, it would mean the president was aware during their tweeting that Mueller's interest is on obstruction of justice, rather than any alleged collusion.
The president attacked Comey — who is set to launch a book tour next month.
“Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI — A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!” they tweeted on Saturday.
Trump also reiterated that there was “no collusion.”
“As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of teh FBI, Justice & State. #DrainTheSwamp.”
They continued tweeting about the probe into Sunday: “The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improerly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!”
On Monday, the president continued: “A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!”
Despite their tweets, White House lawyer Ty Cobb said the president had no intention of firing Mueller.
“In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller,” they said in a statement.
For years, the website Daily Stormer has promoted hatred against Jews, black people, LGBT people, and other minorities, making it one of the Internet's most infamous destinations. But on Sunday, editor Andrew Anglin outdid themselves by publishing a vulgar, slut-shaming article about Heather Heyer, a woman who was killed when someone rammed a car into a crowd of anti-racism protestors in Charlottesville.
The article prompted a response from the site's domain registrar, GoDaddy. "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service," GoDaddy wrote in a tweet late Sunday night.
On Monday, the Daily Stormer switched its registration to Google's domain service. Within hours, Google announced a cancellation of its own. "We are cancelling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service," the company wrote in an statement emailed to Ars.
We don't know where the Daily Stormer will go next, but the odds of the site going offline permanently are slim.
GoDaddy appears to have flip-flopped on the Daily Stormer
A lot of outlets covering this controversy described GoDaddy, somewhat misleadingly, as the Daily Stormer's hosting provider. But GoDaddy wasn't storing or distributing the content on the Daily Stormer website. It was the Daily Stormer's registrar, which is the company that handles registration of "dailystormer.com" in the domain name system, the global database that connects domain names like "arstechnica.com" to numeric IP addresses.
GoDaddy has faced pressure for months from anti-racist groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League to drop the Daily Stormer as a customer. But until this weekend, GoDaddy resisted that pressure.
"GoDaddy doesn't host The Daily Stormer's content on its servers," the investigative site Reveal reported in May. "Because it provides only the domain name, the company says it has a higher standard for terminating service."
"We need to evaluate what level of effect we can actually have on the abuse that's actually going on," said Ben Butler, director of GoDaddy's digital crimes unit, in a May interview with Reveal. "As a domain name registrar, if we take the domain name down, that domain name stops working. But the content is still out there, live on a server connected to the Internet that can be reached via an IP address or forwarded from another domain name. The actual content is not something we can touch by turning on or off the domain name service."
But GoDaddy abruptly changed its stance on Sunday evening. What changed GoDaddy's mind? In a statement to Techcrunch, GoDaddy said: "given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service."
But that justification doesn't make much sense to First Amendment lawyer Ken White, who runs the popular Popehat blog.
White describes the Daily Stormer as a "sewer of humanity." In a statement to Ars, they argued that the article about Heyer "is repulsive, and arguably advocates for killing people in general, but it's not actionable incitement under the law. GoDaddy, of course, can kick Nazis off its platform as it likes, though."
James Grimmelmann, an Internet law expert at Cornell University, didn't find GoDaddy's explanation very convincing either. They noted that the Daily Stormer has posted equally inflammatory content for years.
"It's rare for companies in these kinds of suspension disputes to be honest to own up to the fact that 'we tolerated this for years but now we've concluded we were wrong,'" they said. Admitting that you've changed your mind can be awkward. So often companies choose instead to use dubious interpretations of their own rules to insist they haven't changed at all.
Domain name censorship isn't very effective
On Monday, the Daily Stormer complied with GoDaddy's demand and switched its registration from GoDaddy to Google's domain registration service. This domain transfer process was so seamless that readers of the Daily Stormer probably didn't notice the transfer.
But the reprieve was short-lived. Within hours, Google announced that it, too, didn't want the Daily Stormer's business.
The GoDaddy precedent bothers Milton Mueller, a public policy professor at Georgia Tech. "As much as I hate the Daily Stormer and I think this attack on this murdered person is disgusting, the idea that you go after the domain to shut them down makes me uneasy," Mueller told Ars in a Monday interview. "It seems to be essentially a de facto form of hate-speech regulation."
In practice, taking down a website is very difficult if its owner is determined to keep it online. Grimmelmann points to the saga of Wikileaks, which has faced numerous efforts to take down its wikileaks.org domain over the last decade.
In 2010, Wikileaks' domain name provider took down the wikileaks.org site. The organization responded by registering wikileaks.ch (Switzerland), wikileaks.at (Austria), and wikileaks.cc (the Cocos Islands).
Within two weeks, however, the site was back online at the wikileaks.org domain.
The chunk of metal sitting on a table in Joel Rosenthal's office at the University of Delaware looks like it should belong in a wizard's pocket. Shiny silver with shocks of pink and splashes of gold, it's called bismuth, and it's currently used to make products ranging from shotgun pellets to cosmetics and antacids, including Pepto-Bismol.
But Professor Rosenthal's research is expanding bismuth's repertoire--he's identified a kind of magic in the metal that may be just what the doctor ordered for Planet Earth. They say it could help reduce rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere and provide sustainable routes to making fuels.
Rosenthal and their team in UD's Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry have discovered that bismuth has an unusual property that can be harnessed to help the environment--as a chemical "spark" or catalyst for converting carbon dioxide (CO2), a greenhouse gas, into liquid fuels and industrial chemicals. The findings are reported in ACS Catalysis, a journal published by the American Chemical Society. Rosenthal's team also has filed a patent on the work.
University of Delaware Professor Joel Rosenthal (right) and postdoctoral fellow Abderrahman Atifi are working on a new approach to reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
Rosenthal refers to bismuth's specialized capability as "catalytic plasticity." When an electrical current is applied to a bismuth film in a bath of salty liquids containing imidazolium and amidinium ions, they and their team can "tune" the chemical reaction to convert carbon dioxide to either a liquid fuel such as gasoline, or to formic acid--a valuable chemical with many industrial uses--from preserving human food and livestock feed, to manufacturing rubber and leather, artificial flavorings and perfumes.
Traditionally, chemists have needed to create a new catalyst to promote each different chemical reaction they studied, from steps a to b, from b to c, and so forth, Rosenthal said, which makes this approach--using one catalyst that can be tailored or tuned to efficiently promote multiple types of reactions--particularly novel.
"We're working to push the boundaries of this idea," Rosenthal said. "Our new findings are important from a technological standpoint--we think this platform will allow renewable energy sources such as solar and wind to drive the direct production of liquid fuels. But more importantly, we believe this concept of 'catalytic plasticity' signals a potential paradigm shift, a new way to think about renewable energy conversion, fuel production and catalysis, in general."
Rosenthal and their team previously showed that bismuth films can be used in conjunction with certain liquid salts as inexpensive catalysts for converting carbon dioxide and renewable energy to gaseous fuels such as carbon monoxide. In this study, they found they could use the same materials in the presence of different salts to convert carbon dioxide directly to liquid fuels.
"I've been fascinated by the field of catalysis for a long time," Rosenthal said. "Thinking about how you can take something cheap and plentiful and convert it into something much more useful and valuable without having to dump a lot of extra energy into it has always captured my imagination. There are philosophical parallels between catalysis and the goals of the ancient alchemists. Alchemy is a loaded word, but in some ways, what we are studying is like modern alchemy-- efficiently transforming carbon dioxide to more valuable fuels and chemicals is akin to trying to convert lead to gold."
What impact could Rosenthal's technology have on current carbon dioxide levels?
"It's hard to predict the direct impact on those levels," they said. "This technology would allow us to make liquid fuels using renewable electricity from sunlight and wind. This, in turn, would decrease our need for conventional petroleum resources, resulting in fewer carbon dioxide emissions."
This past April, Earth's atmosphere attained its highest sustained levels of carbon dioxide since humans have been monitoring it--exceeding 410 parts per million for the entire month--according to measurements made at Hawaii's Mauna Loa Observatory.
Rosenthal has been working on the challenge for nearly eight years and continues marching on.
"Finding chemistries to mitigate carbon dioxide emissions and atmospheric levels is important to me," they said.
###
The research team also included postdoctoral fellow Abderrahman Atifi, John L. DiMeglio, who received their doctorate from UD and is now a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Michigan, and David W. Boyce, who also received their doctorate at UD and is now a research consultant.
The work was supported by Fluid Interface Reactions, Structures and Transport (FIRST), an Energy Frontier Research Center located at the U.S. Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory, a Camille and Henry Dreyfus postdoctoral fellowship in environmental chemistry to Atifi, and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TAMAQUA -- A bird that was nearly wiped out in Pennsylvania in the 1970s is making a comeback.
Some Boy Scouts and others want to help the osprey complete the comeback.
People installed a 50-foot osprey nesting platform in Tamaqua on Tuesday.
The platform is sponsored by PPL Electric, the Pennsylvania Game Commission, and the borough of Tamaqua in addition to the Boy Scouts.
According to the Game Commission, ospreys are threatened and protected in the commonwealth.
They eat fish and can have wingspans up to six feet.
Guenther Steiner admits it is not easy to manage two drivers vying to beat one-another on track, but there are ground rules in place to ensure both Kevin Magnussen and Romain Grosjean behave when fighting their team-mate.
The two Haas F1 Team drivers came close to colliding during the Bahrain Grand Prix after a misunderstanding and have often been in close proximity on track this season, but for team principal Steiner, despite it being far from easy to manage, it is a nice thing to have to do from the pit wall.
“It's not an easy thing to manage, but it's a nice thing to manage,” said Steiner. “Sometimes you need to manage emotions, but I think we have good ground rules in place between the two drivers.
“They're pushing each other in a different place and it's more obvious. It seems like we could always have two cars in the points if everything goes right, and that's really the only thing that has changed.
“Before, there were more ups and downs and we weren't always in contention to finish in the top-10, but having a solid car in the VF-18 allows us to always compete for points.”
Steiner is confident Haas can show themselves to be competitive again this weekend in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, with the team principal hoping they can finally be the best of the rest behind the leading three teams, something that has eluded them so far this season.
“We showed in the first three races that we can be competitive at the high end of the midfield, and we're very confident we can be there in Baku, as well,” said Steiner. “The Big Three, as we call them, are in their own league, but there is a group of teams behind them who are very strong, us included. It's a very interesting championship.
“We haven't been best of the rest yet due to circumstances, some of which were self-inflicted, like Australia, but I'm sure that moment will come.”
LONDON, March 31 Iran is continuing to behave as an exporter of terrorism and still sponsors militant activity, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis said in London on Friday.
Asked about comments Mattis made in 2012 that the three primary threats the United States faced were "Iran, Iran, Iran," Mattis told reporters that Iran's behaviour had not changed in the years since.
"At the time when I spoke about Iran I was a commander of US central command and that (Iran) was the primary exporter of terrorism, frankly, it was the primary state sponsor of terrorism and it continues that kind of behaviour today," Mattis said. (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, William James and Phil Stewart, writing by Alistair Smout; editing by Stephen Addison)
FT: West Brom 2-2 Liverpool
West Brom came from 2-0 down to get two goals in six minutes - as it ends all square at the Hawthorns.
Reaction https://t.co/zf39CW8dMj#WBALIV pic.twitter.com/tgyVVXbBPM
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
The Reinvestment Fund, the Philadelphia-based nonprofit lender and redevelopment-policy shop, says it has raised $12.5 million in tax-benefit investments from life insurer and annuity sales giant MetLife Inc. to set up a Clean Energy Fund, to lend money at low rates of interest for “affordable, longer-term capital to small and mid-sized energy retrofit projects nationwide,” said Reinvestment Fund executive director Don Hinkle-Brown in a statement.
Clean Energy Fund's first project is partial financing for the $6 million Affordable Community Energy Services Co., a California affiliate of Colorado-based Mercy Housing, which calls itself “the nation's largest nonprofit owner of low-income housing.” The project will provide “energy retrofits” by Affordable Community's energy contractor, Bright Power, in hopes of saving electricity, water, and gas use by 6,000 Mercy tenants in 9,000 Mercy apartment buildings on the West Coast. Mercy is active in Southern and Western states.
The project will help “decarbonize” apartments, said Peter Goldmark, the former Rockefeller Foundation President and Environmental Defense Fund executive who now promotes green energy projects as head of the New Energy Model Organization (NEMO).
The Reinvestment Fund says the Clean Energy Fund will make it easier for small and middle-market landlords to qualify for clean-energy contracting arrangements that have mostly been targeted to government agencies, hospitals, colleges, utilities, and corporate users.
Reinvestment Fund says it has lent $115 million for solar installations, energy-efficiency retrofits, and other energy projects since 1993. Reinvestment Fund is best known for financing affordable-housing, charter-school, day-care, and small-business projects through federal tax-benefit programs and bank and insurer community-financing programs, and for research on urban redevelopment.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
"I want to keep building it and just show people what I can do on my own," says @kyliejenner about @kyliecosmetics. To read more on Kylie's beauty brand, which is projected to generate $1 billion in sales within five years, click link in bio. #wwdbeauty (📷: @rainmac; interview @strugatz)
WASHINGTON — The outlines of new regional taxes dedicated to funding Metro's massive maintenance needs inched forward Wednesday afternoon.
The Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments approved eight principles for its Metro Strategy Group to use when creating a region-wide plan by September to provide full funding for Metro.
The principles support some type of dedicated Metro funding that would be stable enough to back bonds. The principles do not address how much money is needed, and they push for more Metro reforms before any final decisions are made on a total.
Other points include a greater push for more federal funding; a suggestion that the region should try to avoid rewriting the interstate agreement that established the system, the Metro Compact; and a suggestion that annual growth in contributions from local governments should be capped at 3 percent per year.
Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld proposed that cap in their own plan unveiled in April, in which they asked for $500 million in additional dedicated funding each year.
A Council of Governments technical panel recommended $650 million per year to help offset operations and additional maintenance or expansion needs.
Fairfax County Board Chairman Sharon Bulova, who is leading the Metro Strategy Group, said the politicians' proposals would be finalized in September.
Also in September, former U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood is scheduled to release a separate report outlining what they hope is a regional consensus on any changes needed for Metro governance, financial structures and funding.
At Wednesday's Council of Governments meeting, Loudoun County Supervisor Matt LeTourneau pushed for the strategy group to be more open to revising the Metro Compact, as some Republicans in Virginia's GOP-led General Assembly have wanted.
Any new taxes, even if limited to local areas, would need to be approved by Annapolis or Richmond to take effect in suburban Maryland or Virginia.
A member of both the Arlington County and Metro boards, Christian Dorsey, said the most important part of these principles is the deadline: summer 2018.
Wiedefeld has warned that if new funding is not approved in the General Assembly sessions this winter, money will not be in place in time to help with potential capital or operating budget shortfalls that are forecast to hit by January 2019.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Pre-orders will soon start for the all-new Atari console on 14 December 2017. And the Ataribox, as it is called, will be available at a discount to early supporters signed up to receive emails from the official website.
The deals will be "extremely limited", we've been told, so it's well worth signing up now.
First announced three months ago, the Ataribox will run Linux OS with a custom interface. Here then is what we know about the box so far.
The Ataribox has a design inspired by iconic Atari products, a bit like the Atari 2600 but slimmer and more set-top-box in stature.
We're still awaiting full specifications, but it is understood that the console will bring a "full PC experience" to your TV, and it'll offer apps and access to streaming, social, web browsing, music listening and more. A game streaming service is thought to be part of the system.
What we do know so far is that it will be powered by an AMD customised processor with Radeon Graphics.
Pictures have shown the rear to sport HDMI and USB ports, plus an Ethernet port and SD card slot. There is more-than likely Wi-Fi support too.
Ataribox will launch with a back catalogue of Atari classic games and "current titles from a range of studios". However, more specifics about these content partnerships won't be announced until a later date. That said, because the operating system has an open nature, Atari said players will be able to access and play games from other platforms.
“With Ataribox, we wanted to create an open system, a killer product where people can game, stream and browse with as much freedom as possible. Atari games and content will be available as well as games and content from other providers,” said Fred Chesnais, Atari's chief executive officer.
Ataribox will launch through the Indiegogo crowdfunding platform soon, with pre-orders opening on 14 December 2017.
Atari is targeting spring 2018 for shipping.
It will cost between $249 to $299, depending on the edition and memory configurations. There will be a standard Ataribox and special editions.
March 19 (UPI) -- Noor Salman, the widow of Pulse night club shooter Omar Mateen, told FBI investigators they were aware their husband was preparing to commit a violent act.
FBI Special Agent Ricardo Enriquez testified Monday they transcribed three statements by Salman in which they said they were aware Mateen had plans to carry out the shooting at the Orlando, Fla., night club which killed 49 people.
"I am sorry for what happened," the statement read. "I wish I'd go back and tell their family and the police what they were going to do."
Enriquez told the court the apology led them to believe Salman was aware of what their husband was planning, which they denied until they asked them to read the written statement again.
"She began to cry and said, 'I knew,'" Enriquez said.
Salman, 31, is charged with providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and obstruction of justice for allegedly misleading law enforcement agents in their investigation of the June 2016 shooting.
Enriquez said they wrote down what Salman dictated in three statements to the FBI and then had their initial each paragraph to verify the accuracy and truthfulness.
In the first statement Salman said they were concerned Mateen was going to commit an act of terrorism because they had been watching violent beheading videos. They also said they made expensive purchases in the days before the attack including buying a rifle, ammunition, toys for their son and a $7,000 ring for them
They also said Mateen asked them "how bad it would be" if a night club was attacked compared to an attack on Disney World.
In the second statement Salman said Mateen had been going to the gun range to practice and spending money on ammunition in preparation for the attack.
They also said they knew Mateen was going to do "something bad" involving a night club after seeing them leave with their handgun, a black backpack and ammo, but they didn't believe they were capable of carrying out the attack.
"I was in denial because I could not believe that the father of my child would do this," they said.
In the third statement Salman said they repeatedly attempted to call Mateen's cellphone on the night of the shooting but they never answered.
They also apologized for lying to the FBI.
On their first day of trial, Salman's defense lawyer Linda Moreno said they are a "trusting, simple" woman who has an IQ of 84 and had no idea their husband was planning to carry out the attack.
Moreno also said they were a victim of Mateen's abuse and infidelity and called the FBI's hourslong questioning coercive.
"Omar Mateen is a monster. Noor Salman is a mother, not a monster. Them only sin is they married a monster," Moreno said.
June 5th, 2017
Digital First Media sells its Connecticut group of publications to Hearst Communications Inc.
For more information please click here
Irish Water has warned customers in the Glenwood estate and surrounding areas that supplies may be affected until 9pm tonight.
The company said that the disruption in services is due to repairs being carried out to a burst water main.
For up to date alerts see: https://twitter.com/IWCare
VARMLAND, Sweden — A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized.
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
According to the BBC, there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country.
“The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation,” the BBC reported.
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “Game of Thrones” or “Lord of the Rings.”
“The Night King spotted on their way to Vasteras in central Sweden. Winter is here,” Sebastian Larsson wrote.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
“It's the deer god from Princess Mononoke,” another person commented.
With all the craziness we have in the world right now, it's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic. https://t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins (@HRBabe) August 13, 2017
It's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose, which are white with a few small brown specks.
VENTURA, Calif. (AP) - A California police chief says their department will review its procedures after a restaurant patron with their young daughter on their lap was fatally stabbed inside a crowded steakhouse by a homeless man.
Ventura Chief Ken Corney told the Los Angeles Times that officers should have responded in person to initial reports about the suspect rather than simply monitoring their actions via security cameras.
Residents gathered at a City Council meeting Monday to vent frustrations over how officials are handling the homeless and mentally ill population.
Prosecutors say 49-year-old Jamal Jackson walked up to Anthony Mele's table on April 18 and stabbed them in the neck. The 35-year-old died at a hospital.
Jackson is charged with murder. They had been reported earlier for disruptive behavior, but police had determined they were not a threat.
Jackson has not entered a plea and is due in court this week.
Richard & Kim spoke with NSW Minister for Transport & Infrastructure, Andrew Constance, about works getting underway this week in Stewart Avenue in the Newcastle's CBD. They also covered the issues with the buses in Newcastle and calls for a ferry terminal at Wickham. http://www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Constance-2HD-Interview-.mp3
"I really think, again, it comes back to their teammates around him," Maryland coach D.J. Durkin said. "I thought our receivers played phenomenal in that game, our O-line did a great job protecting him, as well as our running backs being effective in the run game and converting on third downs."
RUNNING BACK ROULETTE
With Ohio State running back Mike Weber now fully healthy after a hamstring injury that has dogged them most of the season, Meyer has a pleasant conundrum: How should they divide carries between Weber, a 1,000-yard rusher last season , and dynamic true first-year student J.K. Dobbins, who has piled up the yards as the primary back so far.
Weber played their first completely healthy game of the season against Rutgers, rushing for 44 yards and bullying their way in for three touchdowns.
Meyer said a package of plays is being developed for a scheme that includes both backs in the game at the same time.
CONVERSION RATE
A big key for Maryland last week was its play on third down. The Terps turned a third down into a first-and-10 on nine of 16 occasions last week. Minnesota went 5 for 12.
Duplicating that feat will be important, because the less Maryland sees of the Buckeyes' offence on the field, the better.
"We've got to win on third down and get off the field defensively, and on offence it's how you extend drives," Durkin said. "At the end of the day, you've got to figure out what you can execute on third down in order to stay on the field. We had a good plan put together and our guys executed it."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Ohio State linebacker Chris Worley, who has missed time with a foot injury, is probable for Saturday. Defensive tackle Dre'Mont Jones, who cut themselves in a freak locker room accident and had to have stitches last week, will miss a second game. Backup running back Antonio Williams is questionable.
Also, starting safety Erick Smith will miss their second game for unspecified reasons, which will take a bite out of the depth in the defensive secondary.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
___
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
By Mitch Stacy, The Associated Press
Galleries
Collection
Jenni Väänänen presented a collection heavily rooted in art, with an emphasis on placement prints, for Samuji's smaller resort season. Inspiration stemmed directly from two female artists: Finnish sculptor Laila Pullinen and French-American painter and sculptor Niki de Saint Phalle. “Both of them have this drive and energy that's inspiring,” Väänänen mused. “The overall color came mainly from the work of Pullinen with their different metals and stones.” The result, a more muted palette and use of differing textures. For instance, a light gray Griet coat with a warped effect from using a mix of Italian virgin wool and mohair fabrics. More colorful pieces and prints were inspired by de Saint Phalle's work. This could be seen through strategically placed prints on a few of the key pieces. Although the ready-to-wear selection was minimal, in accessories there were two great basket bags that seemed to have been inspired by the sculptors.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
By The Associated Press
Edmonton 0 0 0—0 Toronto 1 0 0—1
First Period_1, Toronto, Hyman 6 (Gardiner, Nylander), 0:34.
Second Period_None.
Third Period_None.
Shots on Goal_Edmonton 6-19-16_41. Toronto 11-7-5_23.
Power-play opportunities_Edmonton 0 of 4; Toronto 0 of 2.
Goalies_Edmonton, Brossoit 2-5-1 (23 shots-22 saves). Toronto, McElhinney 2-2-0 (41-41).
T_2:18.
Referees_Jean Hebert, Garrett Rank. Linesmen_Shandor Alphonso, Jonny Murray.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Veteran makeup artists Ida Gàl-Csiszar and Billy B have joined forces to create a face and eye palette for Gàl-Csiszar's cosmetics line, Gállány Cosmetics, sold exclusively on QVC.
“Billy has a shared passion for what Gállány [Cosmetics] stands for: luxurious quality,” Gàl-Csiszar said on why they wanted to team with the makeup artist.
More than 5,000 people attended the 5th Annual Fort Bend Arts Festival, an event that awarded 28 art and essay winners from three local school districts.
The community event is hosted by Fort Bend County Precinct 3 Commissioner Andy Meyers in partnership with Katy SummerFest and Cinco Ranch Branch Library.
The festival's juried art and essay competition drew more than 300 competitors from Fort Bend, Katy, and Lamar Consolidated independent school districts.
The winners are:
Kindergarten through second grade
· James Wang, Bonnie Holland Elementary, Best of Show Art
· Piper Rosborough, Bonnie Holland Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Bree Ella Escalante, Tom Wilson Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Gage Olson, Keiko Davidson Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Kristin Eldo, Kilpatrick Elementary, Best of Show Essay
· Zihang (Ian) Chen, Kilpatrick Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
· Rebekah Adams, Kilpatrick Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
· Simeon Silva, Stephen F. Austin Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
Third through fifth grades
· Parker Cash, Wolman Elementary, Best of Show Art
· Elise Folse, Wolman Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Garrett Harmon, Wolman Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Aashritha Gunta, Keiko Davidson Elementary, Judge's Choice Art
· Galilea De La Garza, Kilpatrick Elementary, Best of Show Essay
· Manha Khan, Kilpatrick Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
· Abash Basumatory, Kilpatrick Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
· Callie Mitchell, Kilpatrick Elementary, Judge's Choice Essay
Sixth through eighth grades
· Nandita Basumatary, Beckendorff Junior High, Best of Show Art
· Soha Jashwant, Tays Junior High, Judge's Choice Art
· Grace Zhang, Beckendorff Junior High, Judge's Choice Art
· Camille Nul, Beckendorff Junior High, Judge's Choice Art
· Jenny Liu, McMeans Junior High, Best of Show Essay
· Hannah Graesser, McMeans Junior High, Judge's Choice Essay
· Grace Williams, McMeans Junior High, Judge's Choice Essay
· Rachel Lee, McMeans Junior High, Judge's Choice Essay
Ninth through 12th grades
· Morgan Thomas, Seven Lakes High School, Best of Show Art
· Roy Zhang, Seven Lakes High School, Judge's Choice Art
· Sydni Dusek, Seven Lakes High School, Judge's Choice Art
· Coral Li, Obra Tompkins High School, Judge's Choice Art
Commissioner Andy Meyers announced the winners and hosted the event.
Prizes — including cash, Apple iPads, a Kindle Fire, computer graphic drawing tablets, art kits and Typhoon Texas season passes — were handed out to students by U.S. Congressman Pete Olson, Fort Bend County Judge Robert Hebert, Fort Bend County Precinct 3 Constable Wayne Thompson and Katy ISD Board of Trustees member Rebecca Fox.
“It's a joy to see the impressive work this event showcases year after year,” Meyers said. “To see the caliber of work and how it progresses as the students mature speaks volumes about the wonderful things these citizens of tomorrow will accomplish.”
Participating teachers were also recognized and awarded a variety of prizes, including an iPad Pro, a Yeti Hopper and more than $1,700 in gift cards.
In addition to applauding the young writers and artists, visitors enjoyed a character parade through the LaCenterra retail center, 90 kid-friendly vendors, food trucks, live entertainment, a helicopter fly-over by the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office, laser tag, a gaming truck and free caricatures.
“The Fort Bend Arts Festival grows every year with more and more activities promising a full day of family fun,” Meyers said. “Next year's event is already in the planning stages and will be held Saturday, April 27.”
Visit www.FortBendArtsFest.com for more information.
Fuller House is “going to blow your mind!”
On Dec. 22, the family comedy returns to Netflix for the second half of season 3 — and PEOPLE has the exclusive sneak peek at the trailer featuring Full House original cast members, including D.J. (Candace Cameron Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), Kimmy (Andrea Barber), Joey (Dave Coulier), Becky (Lori Loughlin), Jesse (John Stamos) and Danny (Bob Saget).
When the latter half of the third season drops, fans will see the majority of their favorite characters travel around the globe together and take on Tokyo, Japan.
Audiences are also guaranteed to see lots of hugs, original dance numbers, cute babies with dogs, the possibility of a pregnancy — “My oven is preheated and easy-baked. We're getting pregnant,” Kimmy tells Stephanie before hugging Danny, whom they refer to as “grandpa” — D.J.'s proposal and lots of love (and smooches!).
The second half of Fuller House season 3 returns Dec. 22 on Netflix.
WASHINGTON — True Food Kitchen, whose menus are inspired by the principles of celebrity physician Dr. Andrew Weil's anti-inflammatory diet, opened its Bethesda location Tuesday.
Related Stories True Food Kitchen coming to Bethesda Latest News
It is the second D.C.-area location for the national chain, which opened in Fairfax's Mosaic District in 2014.
The Bethesda location, at 7100 Wisconsin Ave., is open for lunch, dinner and weekend brunch, and includes gluten-free, organic, vegetarian and vegan dishes.
The 6,600-square-foot restaurant — on the ground floor of the Solarie Bethesda apartment building, which opened last year — includes a pet-friendly outdoor patio.
The restaurant also calls itself eco-friendly, with dining chairs made from recycled soda bottles and floors made from reclaimed wood.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
SZA Claims Them Voice is 'Permanently Injured' The singer made the claim on Tuesday night after performing in Madison Square Garden as part of the TDE Championship Tour. In a series of deleted tweets, SZA lamented over their performance which apparently worsened their already injured vocal chords. Tonight was the test. That settles that. I just wanna be left alone my priorities are fâ€”ed up. They have been fâ€”ed up. I need space goodbye. For anyone who hasn‘t seen this . I‘ve been touring for 11 months. This didn‘t happen overnight. I‘ve been troubleshooting for a while now and usually steroids and pushing through help. They don‘t this time. I‘m not sick my voice just won‘t fâ€”ing work. If I don‘t pause now I‘ll be forced to pause permanently. I‘m genuinely sorry for every face, voice, and energy field I won‘t be touching! SZA was recently pulled off of the TDE tour for several dates in an attempt to rest their vocal chords and let them heal.
April 24 (UPI) -- Federal regulators on Tuesday fined Altaba, the company formerly known as Yahoo, $35 million for failing to disclose a data breach four years ago that compromised the personal data of hundreds of millions of accounts.
Yahoo notified the public about the data breach -- which included usernames, email addresses, phone numbers and passwords -- in 2016, two years after the company learned about it. The details of the hacking became public during Verizon's acquisition of Yahoo.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said Yahoo didn't properly investigate the cyberbreach and the lack of disclosure left investors in the dark.
"We do not second-guess good faith exercises of judgment about cyber-incident disclosure," said Steven Peikin, co-director of the SEC Enforcement Division. "But we have also cautioned that a company's response to such an event could be so lacking that an enforcement action would be warranted. This is clearly such a case."
Verizon acquired Yahoo's operating business for $4.5 billion in 2017 and renamed it Altaba.
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., welcomed the decision by the SEC.
"I've been saying for years that Yahoo's failure to notify customers and investors about its massive data breach didn't pass the smell test. Holding the company accountable is important, and I hope others will learn you can't sweep this kind of thing under the rug," they said.
Three people were hurt in an accident on K-4 Monday afternoon.
According to a release from the Shawnee County Sheriff's Office, just after 4:45, deputies were sent to an injury accident on K-4 near SW Docking Road at milepost 315.
A 2006 Scion XA driven by 36-year-old Amanda Madison of Topeka was eastbound on K-4 when the vehicle drifted on to the shoulder. Madison over corrected and crossed both lanes of the highway and rolled. The vehicle came to rest on its top in the middle of the highway.
Madison and two children suffered minor injuries. All three were taken to a local hospital for treatment and all were wearing their seatbelts. The accident remains under investigation.
× Dozens dead in Indonesia ferry sinking
SOUTH SULAWESI, Indonesia – At least 34 people have been confirmed dead in a ferry sinking off the coast of Indonesia's South Sulawesi province.
Images from the scene Tuesday showed passengers in bright orange life vests clinging to the side of the KM Lestari Maju as it tilted sharply into the water not far from the coast of Bulukumba regency, near Selayar Island.
Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, spokesperson for Indonesia's disaster management agency, said 155 people had managed to swim or be pulled to safety.
Indonesia's state news agency's Antara reported that a leak had caused the ferry to start taking on water.
The rescue effort was initially complicated by the bad weather, which prevented large boats from approaching the wreck. However, a fleet of smaller boats — including local fishing vessels — stepped in to help.
Deadly maritime accidents are not uncommon in Indonesia. Tuesday's sinking comes two weeks after another ferry accident in a volcanic lake in Sumatra.
More than 190 people were presumed drowned in that incident, said to be one of the worst maritime accidents in the country for decades.
After a disappointing loss to a team in the New York Jets who clearly less talented, the Jacksonville Jaguars will look to bounce back against Pittsburgh Steelers this Sunday at Heinz Field. Don't count the media on board with the Jags, however, as all of the experts of our weekly roundup are going with Pittsburgh, with the exception of one writer.
CBS Sports writer Ryan Wilson was the lone member of the panel to go with the Jags. The other seven analysts went with the Steelers, including occasional Jags radio host Pete Prisco.
Don't count any members from the MMQB panel on board for an upset as all six of their analysts went with the Steelers.
Just like the MMQB crew, our comrades of USA Today don't see an upset brewing as all five members of their panel went with the Steelers.
For the fifth consecutive week, Chris Simms is picking against the Jags. In a nutshell, they acknowledge the fact that both teams have solid defense's but feels that ultimately Blake Bortles will be the player who holds the Jaguars back. With the Steelers' rushing attack improving over the course of the last few weeks, Simms went with a final score of 27-17.
NFL.com‘s Elliot Harrison went with the Steelers and a final score of 35-20. However, Harrison did say that they aren't overconfident about the Steelers when considering their 14-12 record versus teams that come into the game .500 or worse, which dates back to 2014. This alone should give Jags fans a bit of hope, especially when history says the game could be close.
Following the trend of pretty much everyone else, SB Nation's eight-man panel unanimously went with the Steelers.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Jaguars Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
All ten members of ESPN's panel went with the Steelers, which isn't surprising when looking at their predictions from Weeks 1-3.
The Wirrimanu Kingfishers have been given a year to rebuild after being left out of the coming East Kimberley Football League season.
The Balgo-based team was ousted late last year after forfeiting two games in a row on a match day without notifying the league or opposition until game time.
EKFL president Wayne Paul's report to the league's annual meeting on Saturday stated they had spoken to the community's leaders and administration and told them they needed to work collaboratively to provide reliable transport to matches.
Eleven teams will compete in this year's competition, fixtures aren't yet finalised but could be reduced to 11 rounds with teams playing 10 games each.
The lightning carnival scheduled for this Friday has been cancelled.
It was also revealed Timber Creek, 228km east of Kununurra and a former EKFL team, and Yiyili, 110km west of Halls Creek and participating in the Central Kimberley league, had applied to join.
They were knocked back for either applying too late or because of transport concerns for attending games.
Paul's report said the league needed to be steady and plan the next stage of a restructuring into two conferences.
“We have time to plan the transition while people are in football mode and not gone into wet season mode and cut off by weather,” they said.
“We also must look at football in the regional sense, as while the EKFL is thriving, football in the central Kimberley is struggling.
“We may not be able to assist them, but I feel it is important that we explore what we can do for the betterment of the game.”
Last year there had been a move by several teams in the northern part of the league to break away and form their own association.
The move was unsuccessful but the league appears to be moving towards a different set-up as it tries to keep all teams happy.
Paul was reinstated as president at the meeting unopposed, but they were absent because of personal matters.
Former Ord River Magpies president Peter Stubbs was voted in as vice-president.
Natasha Cross is back as secretary and Linda Paul as treasurer, though the league is looking at hiring an administrator to take on some of the responsibilities of those positions.
Jamie Short is the new umpires' co-ordinator and Debbie Dicks has taken on the tough role of player registrar.
There was much confusion, docking of points and controversy around the grand final last season because of teams playing unregistered players.
The league is hoping to crack down the issue this year.
Fines were waived at the meeting, to the chagrin of some teams, with the Kundat Djaru Cats, Kununurra Demons and Balgo not having to pay $1000 fines and Billiluna avoiding a $500 impost.
WA Country Football League general manager Joe Georgiades, who chaired the meeting in Paul's absence, said they thought it would be best for the league if the fines were wiped and it just started from scratch.
Georgiades implored the league to look at replacing its delegates model, which sees each team provide two representatives with a single combined vote at meetings determining the direction of the EKFL, to having a board of independent directors instead.
“We've found across the State, leagues going in the right direction have a board separate from the clubs,” they said.
The country football boss said the EKFL needed to have more clubs incorporated, as fewer than half had done so.
With ample space and a clever floor plan, there is plenty to discover in Redink Homes' latest four-by-two display at Baldivis.
Redink Homes Sales Manager Simon Cain said the emphasis on space was felt throughout The Discovery due to its extrahigh ceilings.
“Thirty-one-course ceilings can be found throughout the design, including the double garage,” they said.
“As you enter the main entertaining area, theatre and alfresco, the height is stepped up to 34c ceilings.
“Having extra-high ceilings continued between the dining and alfresco connects the areas to form a huge space for entertaining.” The spacious master bedroom is situated at the front of the home and features a designer custom-fit, walk-in wardrobe, freestanding bath and a stunning stone benchtop with their and their basins.
The additional bedrooms are joined to an activity room situated at the rear of the home, creating a private space away from the main living areas.
“The smart layout of this home makes it the perfect fit for a variety of buyers,” Mr Cain said. “From large families to young couples, this home has something for everyone.”
The kitchen features a designer stone island bench with 300mm breakfast bar overhang, making the morning rush a breeze.
Plenty of storage has been packed into this kitchen, with overhead cupboards, three banks of drawers and a huge walk-in pantry making clutter a thing of the past. The large alfresco area is connected to the main living areas, maximising spaces to entertain.
“A generous undercover area coupled with a relaxed bench-style seating area out on the grass makes this the perfect spot to host your next gathering,” Mr Cain said.
The extensive use of glass windows throughout the home provides light and bright areas that complement the fresh and functional feel.
“Light and bright were the key points in this design and have been executed extremely well,” Mr Cain said.
“The Discovery is a delightful surprise.”
On display in The Edge estate at Baldivis, this home is open for viewing Mondays and Wednesdays from 2-5pm and Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays from 1-5pm.
HOUSTON, Feb. 1, 2018 - A University of Houston biomedical engineer is reporting a dramatic decrease in the time it takes to detect the seizure onset zone (SOZ), the actual part of the brain that causes seizures, in patients with epilepsy.
Nearly 30 percent of epilepsy patients are resistant to drug therapy, so they have the option of surgery to remove their seizure onset zones. Most of them opt in, according to assistant professor Nuri Ince, noting the improved quality of life for sufferers.
Using oscillating brain waves, rather than observing seizures as they happen, Ince locates the seizure onset zone in one hour. Current treatment protocols for detecting the zone require prolonged monitoring in the hospital for up to 10 days. Ince's new method to locate the seizure onset zone, reported in Brain, A Journal of Neurology, could save patients weeks of hospitalization, reduce complications and costs associated with what has traditionally been an arduous, and often painful, procedure.
"We observed that the high frequency oscillations in the SOZ form random, repetitive waveform patterns that identify their location," said Ince, who compares the process to a broken bike or car which makes the same sound randomly, yet repetitively. "In a car it's a sound, in a brain it's the oscillatory patterns that are almost screaming 'I am here!'"
Exploring the brain
Ince and their former graduate student, Su Liu, studied pediatric and adult brain patterns provided by collaborators at Texas Children's Hospital, Baylor College of Medicine, University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Istanbul University and University of Minnesota.
Ince developed a pipeline of machine learning algorithms to interpret the brain waves, and after two years their algorithm identified the pattern.
"We got goosebumps when we saw it," said Ince, recalling the moment they realized that the patterns could not only be found quickly, but also could add to the medical community's understanding and knowledge of how seizures start.
Critical to Ince's discovery is delineating between the high-frequency oscillations that signify the SOZ from the ones ignited by normal functioning, like movements or talking. The regions can be located very close together, and the overlap between physiological and pathological oscillations are seemingly indistinguishable. That, along with difficulties associated with visual inspection of prolonged invasive recordings, is why current detection protocol ignores the oscillations, tracking only the seizures themselves. The current method, requiring prolonged patient hospitalization, requires a patient and medical team to wait for seizures to occur to identify their onset location.
"Can you imagine monitoring a patient for just one hour, as compared to before when it takes days or weeks?" Ince said, still marveling at the saving of both time and money this translational project will bring to the patient and their families.
###
To read the journal article, Stereotyped high-frequency oscillations of local electrical field potentials discriminate seizure onset zones and critical functional cortex in focal epilepsy, click here .
To watch a video of the discovery, click here .
About the University of Houston
The University of Houston is a Carnegie-designated Tier One public research university recognized by The Princeton Review as one of the nation's best colleges for undergraduate education. UH serves the globally competitive Houston and Gulf Coast Region by providing world-class faculty, experiential learning and strategic industry partnerships. Located in the nation's fourth-largest city, UH serves more than 45,000 students in the most ethnically and culturally diverse region in the country.
TOKYO May 2 Japanese government bond prices followed a slide by U.S. Treasuries and dipped on Tuesday, with caution ahead of the week's key events limiting overall movements.
The 20-year JGB yield and the 30-year yield both rose half a basis point to 0.560 percent and 0.790 percent, respectively.
Super-long JGB yields nudged up after the U.S. Treasury yield curve steepened overnight, with the 30-year U.S. long bond yield spiking to a three-week high, after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin reiterated their support for ultra long-term debt issuance.
Low liquidity constrained JGBs, with investors not inclined to move very much with Tokyo markets closed for three days from Wednesday for the Golden Week holidays.
Key events due to occur while the Tokyo markets are closed include the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policy decision on Wednesday, a series of U.S. data releases leading up to Friday's non-farm payrolls report, and the second round of the French presidential election at the weekend.
The benchmark 10-year JGB was untraded, reflecting the prevailing wait-and-see mood. (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team)
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Right at the last, Mo Farah's unbeatable air could not stand up to another examination by the world's best distance runners as they were denied one final global triumph in their farewell championship track race on Saturday.
As the Briton was consoled -- and congratulated on a peerless track career -- by their competitors following their world 5,000 metres silver in the stadium where their legend was first properly sculpted in 2012, the only question that remained was where they stand in the annals of track distance running.
There is a powerful argument to say, after 10 straight global championship victories stretching back to the 2011 world 5,000 metres triumph in Daegu, that the 34-year-old is the greatest distance racer we have ever seen on the track.
Despite their defeat on Saturday, their ability, time and again, to fend off every challenge and tactic thrown at them -- from Ethiopian and Kenyan athletes ganging up on them to being spiked and bruised in physical races -- and still sprint to victory was unprecedented during an incredible six-year reign.
Their ability to strike for home with that long, loping stride, anywhere from 600 metres to 100 metres out -- and then to find yet another gear when it seemed as if they were flat out -- marked them as a unique talent.
Yet being considered the best racer is very different from being seen as the greatest distance athlete of all-time.
Seb Coe, the president of the IAAF and a massive fan of Farah, set the ball rolling when declaring in Friday's Evening Standard newspaper that Haile Gebrselassie was the greatest.
"When it comes to the debate on the greatest distance runner of all time, I'm tough on this," said Coe, who themselves is in the shake-up for the title best middle-distance runner of them all.
"For me, it's not Mo Farah — and that's not to do a disservice to Mo, who is one of the greats of all time.
"For me that still has to be Haile Gebrselassie, for the distances that they covered, the titles they won and the world records they broke."
In championship running, Farah won 10 on the trot before Saturday's setback, compared with Gebrselassie's six in a row at 10,000 metres and Kenenisa Bekele's best run of four championship wins in succession at both distances.
Yet the two Ethiopian greats also went chasing records to extraordinary effect, Bekele setting a total of three new world marks at 5,000m and 10,000m and Gebrselassie seven at the two events.
Farah has never been down that route, with their capacity for really fast times never examined.
It remains an extraordinary fact that the most successful championship runner ever at 5,000m with five global titles, is ranked only the 31st-fastest runner of all time, at 12 minutes 53.11 seconds. Bekele holds the world record at 12:37.35.
At 10,000 metres, in which Farah has also won a record five global golds, they are also still only the 16th-fastest (26:46.57), nearly half a minute down on Bekele's world record of 26:17.53.
Bekele, a year older than Farah at 35, won nine global golds, once went unbeaten for eight years at 10,000 metres, won 11 world cross-country titles and now holds the second-fastest marathon time in history (2 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds).
For the moment, even if Gebrselassie was the great Ethiopian trailblazer, it seems fair to rank Bekele the highest for their all-round achievements on the track, country and roads.
Yet Farah, who has run only one marathon, finishing eighth in London in 2014 in a relatively modest 2:08:21, believes they can make a big impact on the roads.
The most amazing tale in the annals of British athletics may not quite have run its course yet. (Reporting by Ian Chadband,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Officers and civilians on Friday honored the memory of Greenville police officer Allen Jacobs with a 12-mile ruck from Greenville to the officer's burial spot in Travelers Rest. Jacobs was killed in the line of duty March 18, 2016. Greenville Police Department/Facebook
"We're good," they said quickly.
I have a cupboard full of these light bulbs. Every time I try to give them away, the kids accidentally forget to take them home. My parents used to do this: give us the things they didn't want but couldn't bear to throw away. Unlike my children, I learned early on to just take whatever was offered and ditch it later. Breaking my mother's heart was not an option.
It took a while longer, but I finally realized that everybody in my life has been quietly changing out my new light bulbs. Or wishing they could. From the outside looking in, it apparently looks like I live in a jack-o-lantern.
Fed up with being surrounded by people who value their retinas over the environment, I thought I'd finally found a like-minded individual in a friend of mine.
"The kids are complaining that the porch lights look bad," I lamented.
We were walking up the front steps, squinting.
"When they're older, they'll finally appreciate that you need proper front lights for the ambulance."
I said this with a certain amount of authority. As I get older, I consider each situation I encounter with a worst-case scenario. The kids made me promise if I lived alone out in the country, I would get a dog so if I died, the dog would go for help.
I didn't move to the country, but my compromise is lighting up my front porch like a carnival midway so emergency rescue crews can find my house if I've fallen and can't get up.
An hour later, I opened the front door. Something was wrong. The bulbs were now little tear-shaped ones, not even close to my "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" LED hydro savers.
I yelled over my shoulder for the "friend" who had pretended to agree with me about the importance of front porch safety.
"Why did you change the bulbs?" I demanded. "How is the ambulance going to find me?"
They started laughing.
"Ambulance? I thought you said ambience."
www.lorraineonline.ca
This photo released by the Syrian official news agency SANA, shows Syrian government forces soldiers, stand guard as civilians flee fighting between Syrian government forces and insurgents, near Hamouria in eastern Ghouta, a suburb of Damascus, Syria, Sunday, March. 18, 2018. (SANA via AP)
This photo released by the Syrian official news agency SANA, shows Syrian government forces soldiers, stand guard as civilians flee fighting between Syrian government forces and insurgents, near Hamouria in eastern Ghouta, a suburb of Damascus, Syria, Sunday, March. 18, 2018. (SANA via AP)
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) - Syrian President Bashar Assad visited troops Sunday on the front line in the newly captured areas of eastern Ghouta, near the capital Damascus, hailing their recent advances as a part of a larger battle against global terrorism.
Standing in a neighborhood street, Assad congratulated their troops during the visit broadcast on state-run Al-Ikhbariya TV. "We are proud of you," they said.
They told the soldiers that they are not only fighting for the region but also to rid the world of terrorism.
"With every bullet you fire at a terrorist, you change the balance in the world," Assad said.
Syria's government views all its opposition as terrorists. Assad's visit comes on the week the war enters its eighth year, a war that has devastated large parts of Syria, and displaced nearly half of the population. What started as peaceful protests against their family's long rule turned into a civil war after a heavy crackdown. The government fought the opposition for years, using its air force and artillery and solicited help from its Russian and Iranian allies, who threw their weight behind Assad.
Recapturing eastern Ghouta, a short drive away from the Syrian capital, would mark the biggest victory yet for President Bashar Assad in the country's civil war. The area has been under rebel control since 2012. It would also be the worst setback for rebels since the opposition was ousted from eastern Aleppo in late 2016 after a similar siege and bombing campaign.
Assad stood near a tank and was surrounded by soldiers on a street in eastern Ghouta, the region near Damascus where a government offensive has been underway over the past month. The soldiers cheered and pumped fists in the air. Assad, who wore a suit with no tie, flashed smiles and stopped for chats with soldiers. Some Soldiers posed with him, taking selfies. It was not clear where in eastern Ghouta Assad was.
Assad then climbed on top of a tank and looked around, before stepping down, also surrounded by soldiers. They told them the residents of the capital, who have come under repeated fire and shelling from the rebel-held areas, appreciate the soldiers' advances.
They later went on to meet with a group of newly evacuated residents from eastern Ghouta
The images were also posted on the official Presidency social media sites. "On the front lines in eastern Ghouta, President Assad with the heroes of the Arab Syrian Army," the Presidency page said.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Syrian government is now in control of over 80 percent of the area.
Earlier Sunday, state media said Syrian troops had entered Saqba, a town in a southern pocket of eastern Ghouta.
It was the latest town to be captured by the Syrian troops and allied militia in a swift advance over the last few days. Al-Ikhbariya TV hailed it as a "major victory."
Over the past week, Syrian troops and allied fighters divided the sprawling eastern Ghouta region into three parts, isolating residential areas and facilitating the military advance. Tens of thousands of residents have fled the southern pocket of eastern Ghouta.
On Sunday, and after days of relative calm in the northern pocket, the Observatory reported new intense shelling on Douma, the largest town in eastern Ghouta.
As part of activities lined up for the upcoming HR Focus Conference and Awards 2017, HR Focus has rolled out another industry first, dubbed ‘HR Mentorship Masterclass'.
Twenty-two senior HR practitioners engaged in a leadership mentoring programme for over 80 emerging HR practitioners and students, many of whom aspire to become HR practitioners participated in the programme.
Under the theme: ‘Building a sustainable HR profession through knowledge sharing'.
It sought to create a platform that brings two generations of HR practitioners together to engage in knowledge acquisition transfer and explore innovative ways of creating people advantage for their organisations.
Participants were taken through current and evolving trends in the HR profession, what it takes to contribute to the value creation process as an HR practitioner, how to align the Millennial workforce and integrate them into the company's culture, and develop a system of succession planning for their organisations by identifying and preparing high potential leaders.
Internationally renowned motivational speaker and leadership consultant, Rev. Celia Apeagyei-Collins and Mrs. Stella Agyenim-Boateng, HR Consultant, GLICO gave keynote presentations on, ‘Leading and mentoring the next generation of leaders' and ‘Aligning Millennia's with evolving trends in the world of work' respectively.
Rev. Celia Apeagyei Collins stressed the need for intentional mentoring as it had direct impact on the bottom line.
On their part, Mrs. Stella Agyenim-Boateng threw light on the peculiar attributes of the Millennials and the diversity they bring to the workplace, and why it is imperative that HR practitioners leveraged their energy, innovative prowess, and entrepreneurial flair to build an effective organisation.
Dr. Mrs. Ellen Hagan, Chief Executive of HR Focus Magazine, said, “The HR profession as it stands now require practitioners to understand the weight of the challenge and also, wield the competencies critical to delivering results.
They added that this and more had made it necessary for senior HR practitioners to identify and prepare the next generation of HR leaders.
Each mentor was assigned four mentees, and they shared their life stories to serve as guide for mentees to identify the key competencies required to succeed in the HR profession to identify the shortcomings of the profession in creating value for the business and how to overcome them, amongst others.
One of the mentors, Mr. Victor Mensah, CEO, Victor & Victors, a management consulting firm based in Zambia streamed live via video call and had a fruitful session with their mentees. Mr. Godwin Martey, CEO of Websoft Solutions, a software development company, also gave a brief presentation on how technology is revolutionising the world of HR.
Perth played host to the world-record attempt for upside down juggling as part of the Fringe World Buskers Weekender.
The West Australian's Jordan McArdle takes a look at what's happening in the country and amateur leagues around WA in their weekly column.
Duffield's unique record at Wagin
Former Docker Paul Duffield is winless as a coach but undefeated as a player in the Upper Great Southern Football League.
In their first season as Wagin coach, Duffield has had a tough start to the season, coming off second best against several star-studded teams including reigning premiers Katanning Wanderers and powerhouse Williams.
The 33-year-old's best chance to jag a win was against fellow cellar-dwellars Brookton-Pingelly at Matera Oval on Sunday, but their Bulldogs went down by five points in a low-scoring thriller.
Cameron Jetta (two goals) was the only multiple goalkicker of the match, with Brayden Fairhead, Bradley Collard and Bronson Gledhill also among the Panthers' best.
It's a different story in the reserves, where Duffield has played in the past month.
After looking unlikely to pull the boots on this season due to back soreness, the 171-game former Fremantle defender has two wins from as many appearances.
Camera Icon Duffield during their Fremantle days. Picture: AFL Media
Wagin are well in contention for finals in the twos, sitting in second spot with a 5-1 record. Duffield even kicked a goal in their side's 44-point win over the Panthers at the weekend.
At the other end of the league ladder, the Katanning juggernaut kept on rolling.
The Wanderers haven't lost since round 12 last year against Wickepin and ticked off another important box on Sunday, knocking off the previously undefeated Williams by 88 points on their home turf.
The Stewart brothers were dominant for Katanning, with Tim best-on-ground and former Hawthorn-listed forward Kade booting three goals.
Ex-Carlton and Peel Thunder defender Josh Bootsma and Laurence Collard kicked four majors apiece.
Williams quashed rumours that Brownlow medallist Matt Priddis was going to pull the boots on this season.
The champion West Coast on-baller, who hasn't played at any level since retiring from the AFL, has reportedly trained with the Cats and has a connection to the club through their sister's partner and current player Simon Panizza.
Priddis has also been linked to WAAFL A Grade side Scarborough due to their large ex-Subiaco contingent, including playing-coach Aidan Parker and champion defender Darren Rumble.
A wayward Narrogin Hawks got over the line by 23 points against Wickepin in Narrogin, while Boddington beat Kukerin-Dumbleyung by two goals.
Mzungu's long-awaited ammos return
Two-time defending WAAFL A Grade champions Trinity-Aquinas received a major boost for their clash against Kalamunda at Ray Owen Reserve on Sunday.
Former Dockers and Giants midfielder Tendai Mzungu made their long-awaited return in TA's 37-point win.
But it was another ex-Fremantle player who did the damage, with forward Ryan Murphy booting six goals to take their season tally to 21, including 17 in their past three outings.
Former Perth Demon Cal Walley continued their form with three goals.
The Boomers are building nicely after a sluggish start to the season, finishing the round in fourth spot on the ladder.
Mzungu's current job as Fremantle's runner and Next Generation Academy coach means they are unavailable for most of the amateur football season.  They are out for Saturday's clash against Scarborough but could return against University in round 11 on June 23, the same weekend at the Dockers have a bye in the AFL.
Ladder leaders Fremantle CBC made it eight straight wins, edging out University by 17 points at UWA Sports Park, with ex-East Fremantle big man Rob Young kicking a game-high four goals.
Scarborough bounced back from their first loss of the year to defeat Curtin Uni-Wesley by 11 points, while North Beach and Kingsway had close wins over Wembley and Wanneroo respectively.
Relton rocks the Kimberley
Former Richmond cult hero Relton Roberts starred in their cameo appearance in the East Kimberley Football League on Friday night.
The skilful forward, known as ‘The Barunga Bullet', kicked four goals in the Waringarri Crows' win over Kununurra Demons.
In their first 10 minutes he'd already bagged two goals, and they added another before quarter-time.
Roberts easily could have had a fifth in the last quarter after hanging at the back of a pack for a mark in the goal square but gave the hands to a streaming Chris Griffiths, whose father sadly died on Friday afternoon.
Following the game Roberts said they hadn't played any football for a couple of months and this would be a one off appearance for the Crows.
They said they decided to play because they were in the area and some of their mates were involved in the club.
The former Richmond player and footy cult figure stepped out for Waringarri in the East Kimberley Football League at the weekend, inspiring their team to a win. The West Australian Video The former Richmond player and footy cult figure stepped out for Waringarri in the East Kimberley Football League at the weekend, inspiring their team to a win.
Northern Territory Football League and former NT Thunder defender Mitchell Taylor was another big inclusion for the Crows, helping defuse plenty of Kununurra's forward entries.
In-form Demons full forward Benji Curtin had a game-high five majors in a losing cause, making it 19 majors in their past three outings.
- with Peter de Kruijff
Usual suspects dominate GFL
Mines Rovers and Boulder City continued their winning ways in the Goldfields Football League ahead of Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at Digger Daws Oval.
The Diorites, coached by West Perth legend Dion Fleay, overcame a slow start to defeat Kalgoorlie City by 20 points on Saturday night.
Fleay was one of Mines' best, as was Wesley Mason-Stevens, Jarrod Turner and Luke Nugent.
Former Subiaco forward Ryan Vermeersch added two goals to take their season tally to 19.
Louis Davies and Andre Sullivan fought hard for Kalgoorlie City.
Former Collingwood and West Coast goalsneak Brad Dick has been restricted to just two reserves games for City after booting 32 goals in 17 league appearances last season.
Boulder had an easy victory over the winless Kambalda, prevailing by 115 points on Sunday.
Dual WAFL premiership player Scott Worthington continued their prolific goalscoring form, adding another bag of six to move to 37 for the season.
Camera Icon Scott Worthington booted six goals against Kambalda at the weekend. Picture: Kalgoorlie Miner
The reigning Mitchell medallist and GFL leading goal-kicker, who won the WA Country Footballer of the Year and Fyson Medal in the Tigers' drought-breaking premiership in 2016, has booted five or more goals in six of their seven matches in 2018.
Tyson Hodge (five goals) and former AFL draft hopeful AlexDevitt (three goals) also had an impact on the scoreboard.
Off-season recruits, including Liam King, Jayden Bootsma, Justin Shand and former South West Football League star Michael Russell, have been a huge part of Boulder's blistering start to the year.
In the other round 10 match, Kalgoorlie City take on reigning premiers Railways at Sir Richard Moore Oval on Saturday.
LeCras' comeback decision pays off
Cervantes playing-coach Brent LeCras has rocketed to equal third on the Central Midlands Coastal Football League goal-kicking table, despite playing just four games.
The former West Perth player and North Melbourne-listed tall came out of retirement ahead of their side's round four wins over Moora, kicking two bags of eight in three games.
They were again on song up forward as the Tiger Sharks knocked off reigning premiers Jurien Bay by 69 points in Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at Jurien Bay Sports Ground.
Fellow sharpshooter Tom Parker, who sits second on the goal-kickers list with 29, added four goals.
Jarrod Best, Gus Devitt, Daniel Acres and former WAFL star Lewis Harvey were also impressive for Cervantes.
The league's best forward this year, Jurien Bay's Mitchell McPhee, took their season tally to 31 with a three-goal effort in a losing cause.
McPhee was rewarded for their red-hot start to the season with the WA Country Football League player of the week earlier this month.
In other round seven results, Lancelin-Ledge Point defeated Moora by 44 points in Lancelin and Dandaragan went down to Mortlock Football League side Calingari by 57 in the inter-league clash.
State country side's first hit-out
The WA country team lost a low-scoring affair to the state under-18s in Joondalup on Friday night. The WA under-18s prevailed by 14 points - 7.5 (47) to 5.3 (33) - in tough conditions at HBF Arena.
Peel Football League sharpshooter Bradley Holmes was the country side's only multiple goal-kicker with three majors.
The former Peel Thunder forward has been in dominant form for PFL side South Mandurah, with 43 goals in eight matches including three bags of eight.
Dual WAFL premiership players Robert Forrest (Federals/Avon Football Association) and Rory O'Brien (Pinjarra/PFL), ex-Carlton defender Josh Bootsma and former Thunder livewire Edward Dann (Baldivis/PFL) were also among the best.
The country colts side also went down in their clash against the WA under-16s by 43 points.
Boddington's Jarrod Salmeri, Bunbury's Thomas O'Brien, Southerners (Upper Great Southern Football League) product Kye Jasper, Narrogin's Darryl Anderson, Denmark-Walpole's Hayden Parker all fought hard, while South Bunbury's Kade Wallrodt kicked two goals.
Both the colts and senior sides are in action again on Friday in a double-header against the WA Amateur Football League at Lightning Park in Noranda.
Former West Perth and South Fremantle midfielder Lewis Harvey (Cervantes, CMCFL), ex-Collingwood forward Shannon Cox (Rovers, Great Northern Football League), SWFL Pike medallist Aidan Clarke (Bunbury, South West) and former Perth Demon Daniel McGinlay (Imperials, Lower South West) are all set to play for the country seniors.
McGinlay, who also played for Busselton in the South West, might have the biggest haul kicked by any player in the country this season with 10 majors against Southerners in round six.
Power forward returns to Bunbury
Reigning South West Fooball League premiers Bunbury have received a boost ahead of Monday's WA Day Derby against South Bunbury, with dominant forward Matt Martin returning to the club.
The former Port Adelaide-listed player came out of retirement to play for Kojonup in the Lower South West Football League this year, where they have kicked 26 goals in seven games.
But after two straight losses against Augusta-Margaret River and Donnybrook respectively, the Bulldogs have brought the sharpshooter back to strengthen their forward-line.
Martin played a huge role in Bunbury's drought-breaking flag last season, booting 43 goals including four in the grand final win over Harvey-Brunswick-Leschenault.
Camera Icon Bunbury's Matt Martin boots one of their four goals in last season's South West Football League decider. Picture: Jon Gellweiler
Former Fremantle and St Kilda forward Brett Peake has led the way in Martin's absence this season with a league-high 19 goals.
Just one game separates the top eight sides in the competition, with Carey Park, Donnybrook and Eaton Boomers all 4-2 and South Bunbury, AMR, Bunbury, HBL and Busselton one win behind on 3-3.
In other SWFL news, former Peel Thunder captain Brendon Jones was recently appointed as Harvey Bulls coach.
The 32-year-old, who made 219 WAFL appearances before retiring at the end of 2015, took the reins after Paul Fimmano stepped down a fortnight ago.
No Cox, no worries for Rovers
Unbeaten Rovers were given an almighty fright in the GNFL by a youthful Chapman Valley, holding on for a slender five-point victory.
The Demons trailed at the first and final change without star forward Shannon Cox, but their experience managed to get them over the line.
In other matches, Brigades threw the race for the final spot in the top four wide open, after they secured a 23-point victory at Mullewa over the reigning premiers, who have lost three in row, while Towns comfortably took care of Northampton.
Friday night football hits Geraldton tomorrow, with Towns hosting the out-of-form Mullewa at WA Country Builders Stadium.
In the North Midlands league, Three Springs continued their rise from the ashes with back-to-back wins.
The Bombers defeated a depleted Mingenew by 33 points.
In a twist of irony for the Bulldogs, who were hit by injuries and seeding commitments, many of their former players were among Three Springs' best players including Beau and Kobe Simpson.
In other results, ladder leaders Morawa thrashed Coorow-Latham and Dongara brushed off Carnamah-Perenjori.
- with Justin Fris
Got a local footy story worth telling? Email jordan.mcardle@wanews.com.au
Scroll for more content...
America's malls haven't been this empty in nearly six years.
The vacancy rate at metro and regional malls around the United States hit 8.6% last quarter, the highest since the end of 2012, according to data released Monday by real estate research firm Reis.
Back then, the economy was still working its way out of a recession and an excess of malls had been built in the preceding decades. Retail vacancies peaked at 9.4% during the middle of 2011.
"We were over-retailed," said Barbara Denham, a senior economist at Reis. "The recession knocked a lot of stores out of business," they said.
Circuit City, the big box electronics store that filed for bankruptcy in 2008, "was a big driver of the vacancies," they said.
Related: Retail defaults soar to record high in 2018
Today, the growth of online shopping is one of several factors taking a toll on brick-and-mortar retail stores.
Although online sales still make up less than a tenth of total retail sales, they're growing at around a 15% clip per quarter— much faster than purchases at brick-and-mortar stores.
The shift online contributed to the worst quarter in nine years for neighborhood and community shopping centers.
The vacancy rate last quarter, 10.2%, was higher than at malls in part because of hundreds of Toys "R" Us store closures.
Related: 700 empty Toys 'R' Us stores. Who's going to fill them?
Vacancies at local shopping centers increased in more than 70% of metro areas. Indianapolis, Dayton, and Wichita had the highest rates in the country.
Other retail chains are shutting their doors at a rapid pace, further hurting malls and shopping centers. The number of major store closings in 2017 more than tripled to a record 7,000.
Related: Retail's toughest year: A record for store closings
This year is on track to top last year's mark. More than 4,100 major retail stores closed so far in 2018, according to Coresight Research, a retail think tank.
Six hundred Walgreens have closed this year, while Bon-Ton, Sears and Kmart, Best Buy, Signet Jewelers, Mattress Firm, and GNC have all closed 200 stores or more this year. Claire's, Foot Locker, and The Children's Place have closed 100 or more locations.
—CNNMoney's Chris Isidore contributed to this story.
(CNN Money) — Working from home can be a dream for many. But for some, it can also mean a bigger tax bill.
If you live in one state but work remotely for an employer based in another, you risk paying more tax than you would if you lived and worked in the same state. In a few cases, you may even end up double taxed.
The good news: You can avoid this fate if your home state has a reciprocal tax agreement with a neighboring state, which establishes that your income would only be taxed by one of the two.
Such agreements exist in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New Jersey, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin as well as the District of Columbia.
Or, absent a reciprocal agreement, those who work from home some of the time may be allowed to split their income tax burden: They pay tax on income earned from home to their resident state, and they pay tax to their employer's state for days they work at the office.
But that's not always the case.
How you can end up double taxed
You risk being double taxed if you live in one state but work for a company based in New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania or Nebraska.
These five states apply a so-called convenience vs. necessity test. If they determine that working from home is a matter of convenience for you rather than a necessity for your employer, “you will owe taxes to those states on the income you earn during your work-from-home days,” said Cosimo Zavaglia, an associate at the law firm Morgan Lewis.
New York is toughest in this regard, according to Roxanne Bland, a contributing editor to State Tax Notes.
For instance, to contend that working from home is a necessity, you must prove you could not possibly do your work at your employer's office or that your employer requires you to work from home as a condition of employment. You also may need to prove the employer has a business purpose to have an office exactly where you live or that you regularly hold business meetings at your home office and never use it for personal reasons. The list goes on.
“Very few telecommuters would meet this standard. Thus, New York's convenience of the employer test will likely result in double taxation of a telecommuter's income,” Bland wrote in Tax Notes.
That's because your resident state may also choose to tax the income generated by your working from home.
Fortunately, many states give you a tax credit for any taxes you pay to another jurisdiction. So effectively you end up only paying income tax to one state when all is said and done, although you still have to file two state tax returns.
But not all states are so generous. Connecticut, for instance, only gives residents a credit for taxes paid to another state for income earned in that other state. It won't give you a credit for money you earned working from your living room in Fairfield.
So if you telecommute from Connecticut to an employer based in New York you'll end up being double taxed on the portion of your income earned from home.
California has different rules. It taxes its residents on all income, regardless of where it's earned. So if you live in California and telecommute to an employer based in New York, you could be double taxed on at least a portion of your income as well.
When you'll simply pay more
More common than double taxation is the risk of paying more tax than you otherwise would if you simply lived and worked in the same state.
If you telecommute from Florida — which has no state income tax — but work for an employer in a state with an income tax, you'll likely end up paying that on some or all of your income.
Or if you work for a company in a state with a higher income tax than your home state, you'll end up paying the higher of the two amounts, according to Zavaglia. That's because your home state will only give you a tax credit up to the tax you'd owe if you earned all your income in-state.
They added that “this increase in total taxes is even more of an overall concern now that state and local taxes in excess of $10,000 are no longer deductible at the federal level.”
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) - A deadly helicopter crash into a river prompted the National Transportation Safety Board on Monday to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned when the helicopter rolled over into the water. The pilot, who was not wearing a harness, escaped with only minor injuries.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights with restraints that cannot be quickly released until they're equipped with restraint systems that open with one action. The FAA also said it was conducting a "top to bottom review" of its rules covering open-door flights.
The NTSB on Monday also said the harness system provided to the helicopter crash passengers "was not evaluated by the FAA."
"While we applaud the FAA's intention to move forward on banning these types of doors-off flights, the FAA has not outlined how or when they plan to take action," said NTSB Chairman Robert L. Sumwalt. "And definitive action needs to be taken."
FAA spokesperson Greg Martin described the grounding as a first step.
"We told operators to suspend flights as soon as we identified the risk," Martin said in a statement. "More formal action regarding this communication is forthcoming."
× Man Locked Up On Rape, Human Trafficking, Extortion And Prostitution Charges
STROUDSBURG — A man who has been on the run from authorities is now behind bars in Monroe County.
John Golom, of Florida, is now locked up in the Monroe County Prison after eluding authorities for months.
They face charges including rape, promoting prostitution, human trafficking and extortion.
Investigators have been looking for Golom since October, but they were first tipped off about them last April.
“One of the “johns” came forward saying that this person who went by the name Bobby Lupo was extorting them for money and then the investigation fell flat when we were unable to identify him,” said the Monroe County District Attorney's Office Detective Kim Lippincott.
In October, detectives learned that Bobby Lupo was Golom.
They say they tracked down one of their prostitutes at a hotel in Tannersville through a sex ad on http://www.backpage.com.
Investigators say Golom fled Pennsylvania with another prostitute but was caught in New York where detectives in Monroe County picked up him.
The two women face charges for prostitution, but investigators say they are victims, too.
Detectives say Golom got the women to trust him, then exploited them, making them first work at strip clubs, then as prostitutes
And they say they never let them keep the hundreds of dollars a day that they earned.
“When we encounter these women, we, unfortunately, are arresting them for prostitution and it's hard to get them to talk to us and get them to tell us their story,” said Det. Lippincott. “It takes a great deal of trust and for them to actually finally come forward.”
Carol Andersen is the director of Bloom Creative Studio in Bangor.
They also run a free 8-bed shelter for abused women, including those who have been trafficked.
Not only do they offer them a home, but a paying job here at their art studio.
“How do you come out of prison and really start rebuilding your life and reconnecting with your family?” said Anderson. “So that is what Bloom offers, it`s a lot of hard work, it`s a lot of accountability but we partner with a local recovery services program right here in Bangor.”
Investigators believe there are more of Golom's prostitutes out there and believe there are more clients of the women who were extorted.
They are encouraging those victims to contact the Monroe County DA's Detective Unit.
This photo taken in the northern town of Afrin on Friday shows smoke from burning tyres, used to block the visibility of planes, billowing in the background as people walk on a bridge (AFP photo)
ANKARA — Three more Turkish soldiers were killed on Saturday in Turkey's offensive against Kurdish militia inside Syria, including one in an attack on a tank, the army said.
The latest clashes brought to 10 the number of Turkish troops killed so far in operation "Olive Branch", launched by Turkey on January 20 against Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia seen by Ankara as a terror group.
The Turkish army and allied Ankara-backed Syrian rebel forces are seeking to oust the YPG from its western border stronghold of Afrin, but the operation so far has been marked by fierce clashes.
The army said that one of the soldiers was killed in a clash and another on the border area, without giving further details.
In a separate statement, it added a Turkish army tank had been hit in another attack, killing one serviceman and wounding another.
In retaliation, Turkish warplanes carried out air strikes on the area from where the attack was carried out, destroying shelters and munitions dumps, it added.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday the Turkish army and Ankara-backed rebels had suffered 25 fatalities between them in the operation so far.
Meanwhile, seven civilians have been killed in mortar fire on the Turkish side of the border that Ankara blames on the YPG.
Ankara says that major progress has been made in the operation, with hundreds of YPG fighters killed so far although it is not possible to verify these figures.
Erdoğan said in a speech on Saturday that the Turkish forces were beginning to take mountain positions and would now head towards Afrin itself. “There is not much to go,” they said.
Erdoğan's spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin meanwhile told journalists in Istanbul that the operation was going as planned but there was no timetable for its duration and it would “continue until we clear all those areas”.
But analysts and monitors say Turkey so far has taken control of limited clumps of territory around the border without yet approaching near Afrin town.
Turkey says the YPG is an offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state.
But the YPG has been working closely with the United States to fight the Daesh extremist group in Syria.
The offensive by Washington's fellow NATO member Ankara on a US-allied force has even raised fears of a military confrontation between two alliance powers.
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took their resentment to new heights when they made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming their father and brother were terrorists, according their own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of their father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told they were not welcome at a family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016 to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved, before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oregon in a statement. They added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. Attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release.  They are awaiting sentencing on May 10.
It can be tricky trying to navigate around road trains and caravans. Here are some handy tips that might help.
MEDFORD, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing their home for doomsday is donating all of their stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Joseph Badame says they were prepared to lose their supplies anyway after the bank foreclosed on their Medford home.
The 74-year-old says they found a new use for the food after meeting a couple at an estate sale last month raising money to send to their family in Puerto Rico.
Victoria Martinez-Barber and their husband, Anthony Barber, say their family was left homeless and hungry after the hurricane struck late September.
Now, Badame is sending barrels of food that can sustain 84 people for four months.
Martinez-Barber says their family in Puerto Rico will share the food with anyone they can.
Ronald Henry “Gator” Haynes Sr., 76 of Fostoria, Ohio, passed away Thursday, October 5, 2017 at their home.
They were born July 9, 1941 in Minden, Louisiana, to the late J.Y. and Edith (Henry) Haynes. They married Patricia A. Rabon on July 2, 1965 in Texas and they died February 5, 2017.
Surviving Ron is a son, Ron (Chris) Haynes Jr. of Fostoria; daughter, Tracy (Jim) Hoffman of Tiffin; brother, Donald (Cynthia) Haynes of Haynesville, LA; sisters-in-law, Sondra Rabon-Burns and Dee Dee (Ron) Henderson, both of Bossier City, LA; and grandchildren, Cory Haynes, Wesley, Joshua and Jack Radabaugh and Courtney and Grace Hoffman.
They were preceded in death by their parents,; and wife, Patricia Haynes.
A 1959 graduate of Minden High School, they received their B.A. in marketing from Northwestern State University. They retired in 1996 from Honeywell in Fostoria after 25 years of service. Prior to that, they worked for Ford Motor Company in Louisiana.
Ron was a U.S. Air Force veteran during Vietnam. They were a member of the Fostoria Elk's, Sportsmen, Moose and American Legion.
Gator enjoyed going to car shows and was part of the “The Lunch Crew.” They had a special love for their family.
Services will be Monday, October 9, 2017 at 11 a.m. at the Harrold-Floriana Funeral Home in Fostoria, Ohio, with the Reverend Donald Goodwin officiating.
Visitation will take place Sunday, October 8, 2017 from 1-4 p.m. at the funeral home.
Burial will be at Sand Ridge Cemetery in Bascom, Ohio, with military honors by the United Veterans of Fostoria.
Memorial contributions may be made to Heartland Hospice.
Online condolences may be sent to the family at www.hffh.net.
Comments
comments
Whether we're peeking inside Jennifer Lopez's walk-in with its library-style ladder or ogling Khloé Kardashian's meticulously-organized space, celebrity closets always leave us with major closet envy. So when the hosts of the LadyGang podcast offered a look into their wardrobes, from their biggest splurges to their best finds, we couldn't resist taking the tour. And we're giving you fair warning now, you'll want to do an entire closet clean out to copy their chic styles as soon as you're done reading this.
If you haven't listened to the LadyGang podcast yet (download episodes here to get caught up before they go twice weekly in May), it's time to start. Hosted by Keltie Knight, an entertainment reporter for The Insider, Jac Vanek, a fashion designer and CEO of Jac Vanek, and Becca Tobin, who you know as Kitty Wilde on Glee, it's inspired by their bottomless mimosa brunches (so, the best kind of girl talk). Each week celebrity guests, including stars like Lea Michele and Destiny's Child's Michelle Williams, join the ladies for a raw, honest and hilarious look at what life is really like in Hollywood and answer questions from LadyGang listeners.
We asked them all about their favorite items in their closets and they shared their sweetest style stories with us. What's something they'll never throw out? What's the item they just can't stop buying more of? Find out in their chic photo diary — where they model their favorite piece! — below.
What Was Your First Big Splurge?
Keltie Knight (left): “This also went along with my first big heartbreak. I call it my ‘breakup Chanel' because I bought it with a massively broken heart and used it to make me feel better. It did and it still does today.”
Jac Vanek (center): “When I was 23 I went to Vegas and ended up at a high roller's blackjack table. They kept giving me tips and kept pushing me to bet more and more, and I ended up leaving at 7 a.m. with $6,000. I bought myself a Rimowa suitcase I was lusting over and saved the rest.”
Becca Tobin (right): “Shortly after I booked Glee, I picked out this Givenchy bag. I went classic black, and I'm so glad I did. It's the best bag for traveling. Even if I'm in sweats, I can carry this and still look a little chic.”
What Is Your Most Sentimental Item?
KK: “My husband gave me this vintage locket on our wedding day with a teeny pic from our third date and a beautiful card. It has our initials CKC on it and our wedding date.”
BT: “It's a belt my mom bought in the '70s and it's my absolute favorite.”
JV: “I'm ridiculously attached to my parents' old sweats. My mom would always dye their hair in this Syracuse sweatshirt, so it has stains and rips but it's my favorite.”
RELATED: Inside 33 Celebrity Closets That'll Blow Your Mind
What's the Oldest Piece in Your Closet That You'll Never Throw Out?
KK: “I've had this shirt since 7th grade, my love for Nirvana has never wavered. In fact, I even wear this shirt so much, I got engaged in it (by accident!)”
BT: “This was my grandmother's Pucci dress so that makes it at least 50 years old. I will never get rid of this piece! I hope I have a daughter who can wear it one day.”
JV: “I've had this ugly jean jacket for as long as I can remember. Any time I go through my closet to purge, I think I'm going to throw it out but I can't bring myself to do it. I also wear it all the time.”
RELATED: Erika Girardi Takes PEOPLE Inside One of Them Three Enviable Closets
What's Something You Keep Buying Even Though You Have a Million of Them?
KK: “Mine is Mother denim high-waisted ankle jeans in “Lovegun.” I have four pairs in two sizes for when I feel skinny and when I feel bloated. They are the best jeans I've ever owned and I've been terrified they would be sold out so I bought a week's worth! I'm wearing them right now.”
BT: “Black booties are my addiction, and I can't stop buying them. Maybe it's the New Yorker in me, but there's nothing better than a great black bootie.”
JV: “Everyone who knows me knows I'm the crop top queen. I. Can't. Stop.”
What's Something You Stole From a Set or a Shoot?
KK: “Stylist Paris Libby styled me for an appearance on Project Runway and I fell in love with this ring from their personal collection. I have no idea who made it, but I accidentally kept it and Paris never asked for it back, Sorry Paris!”
BT: “I don't know if this is considered stealing (and it's gross) but I love the nude undies they occasionally give me to wear on set when my wardrobe requires it. I can never have enough of these seamless, nude thongs. How cheap does that make me sound?!”
JV: “I borrowed this Nookie dress from Keltie to wear for my birthday two years ago and it has somehow found its permanent home in my closet.”
What's Something You Bought That Still Has Tags and You Never Wear But Can't Get Rid of?
KK: “I got sucked into the ‘You can write your name on something' stand at Bloomingdale's and bought this clutch with my name on it, over two years ago. I've never worn it once.”
BT: “This Kooples dress is a little more feminine than I tend to go (hence the tags) but I just love it. I am determined to find the perfect occasion for it.”
JV: “I got these camo pants thinking I'd wear them one day and feel really cool but every time I put them on I feel like a buffoon. Maybe one day I'll figure out the perfect outfit for them.”
What Pieces in Your Closet Has a Great Backstory?
KK: “I bought this vintage cape in a second hand store in Toronto for $11 a decade ago. I love it so much and I recently wore it to host the Thanksgiving Day Parade on CBS and Gayle King asked to try it on and tried to steal it from me!”
BT: “These are the jeans I was wearing when my husband and I had our first kiss. I was a total badass that night and slid across the hood of a car to impress him. That's definitely what sealed the deal.”
JV: “After we got our first check from LadyGang, I bought myself a Chanel purse. It was my first big purchase (other than my suitcase) and I worked hard for it.”
What's Your Most Amazing Pair of Shoes?
KK: “Nothing feels sexier than a pair of sky high heels, and these (from Tamara Mellon) have the iconic straps that make them extra special.”
JV: “Absolutely obsessed with my Tamara Mellon lace up heels. They pretty much make every outfit sexy as hell.”
BT: “I bought these Prada shoes a couple years ago when I was in Paris for a Glee appearance. I still wear them all the time, and panic when I think about them getting worn out.”
What's Your Best Organization Secret?
KK: “I use office organizers to separate all my clutches and purses in my closet.”
BT: “I keep all my shoes in plastic boxes with Polaroid pictures of the shoe taped to the outside of the box.”
JV: “I use a 'pill of the day' organizer to travel with necklaces. I'm always traveling and keep my necklaces organized by storing them in the little compartments of daily pill containers.”
Want more of the LadyGang? Be sure to listen to their podcast every week and check out Ladybox, a quarterly box of their favorite products that include the perfect items for a staycation, festival looks or gifts for your best girlfriends. Who knows, maybe in the next box, they'll include those divine black booties? Here's hoping!
A Chinese city has installed sprinklers at crossings which spray people with water if they try to cross against the lights
× Judge orders reopening of DACA, after 90-day delay
WASHINGTON — Another federal judge has overruled the Trump administration's efforts to end a popular immigration program — this time saying the government has to accept new applications.
The ruling on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, however, won't take immediate effect, with the judge delaying the ruling for 90 days to allow the administration to make its case in a new memo justifying the end of the program.
Similar to the other rulings, Judge John Bates concluded that the wind-down of DACA was “arbitrary and capricious” because the Department of Homeland Security failed to “adequately explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.” The judge also accused the government of providing “meager legal reasoning” to support its decision.
A George W. Bush appointee to the US District Court for the District of Columbia, Bates delayed the implementation of their ruling “to allow the agency an opportunity to better explain its rescission.”
In response to the ruling, the Justice Department said it stands by its original reasoning, calling DACA an “unlawful circumvention of Congress,” and that it intends to continue making its case to the courts.
“The Department of Homeland Security therefore acted within its lawful authority in deciding to wind down DACA in an orderly manner,” spokesperson Devin O'Malley said in a statement. “Promoting and enforcing the rule of law is vital to protecting a nation, its borders, and its citizens. The Justice Department will continue to vigorously defend this position, and looks forward to vindicating its position in further litigation.”
In their 60-page decision, Bates took the administration to task for its justification for ending DACA, which was almost entirely based on a threat from Texas and a handful of other states to challenge DACA in court.
Bates called the move “particularly egregious” given the hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients, young undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children, protected under the program over its five years. Given how many people's lives were built on the protections from DACA, Bates said, “its barebones legal interpretation was doubly insufficient.”
Bates concluded that the argument that a Texas court would have likely immediately halted the program “was so implausible that it fails even under the deferential arbitrary and capricious standard.”
The DACA program has already been resumed after President Donald Trump sought to end it in September, after two federal judges issued nationwide rulings to accept renewals of the two-year permits issued by the program and after the Supreme Court declined to circumvent the appeals process to overturn those decisions.
But while the DHS has been processing renewal applications under those rulings, as the appeals make their way through the courts, Tuesday's ruling was the first to order the program to resume accepting new applications — potentially opening the program to tens of thousands more immigrants than the roughly 700,000 currently protected.
In September, the administration defended ending the program by saying it was likely to fall in the courts anyway, arguing a six-month wind-down of the program would be more orderly than a sudden end brought by the courts. No court has found DACA to be unconstitutional.
WAL SCOTT-SMITH, 96, never fired a shot in war, or charged onto the muddy battlefields of Europe.
But they have quietly, and tirelessly, served their country for 78 years.
The chief cenotaph attendant at the Martin Place Cenotaph signed off today to a standing ovation at the end of the city's iconic Dawn Service.
READ MORE: Who is Wally Scott-Smith?
Camera Icon Wally Scott-Smith (L) has been the chief custodian of the Martin Place Cenotaph for 78 years. Picture: News Corp Australia, Bill Hearne
MORE: Where to play two-up
MORE: Your guide to today's marches
Mr Scott-Smith had been on scene since just after midnight, arranging tributes and ensuring the marble plinth, statues and inscription “To our glorious dead” were beaming.
They then stood by the Cenotaph for an hour in the morning chill while the ceremony took place.
Then came their own unexpected tribute, as the crowd heard they had taken up the roll after cancer surgery in their early years cruelled their dreams of following their father's footsteps into the army.
Camera Icon Foreign Minister Julie Bishop laughs as they shake hands with Wal Scott-Smith. Picture: AAP, David Moir
“I've enjoyed every minute,” Mr Scott-Smith said, adding they were stunned when the crowd rose in their Honour this morning.
“I just said that I was going to retire, I didn't expect it to happen the way it did. I intended to just walk away when it was finished
Camera Icon Premier Gladys Berejiklian speaks with Wal Scott-Smith. Picture: AAP, David Moir
“Next year I'll come, sit in the chair over there, and point at the fellas doing it here, and if they're not doing it I'll go crook.”
The crowd also heard today, Mr Scott-Smith has twice escaped hospital, including morphine drips, in order to check on and look after the Martin Place Cenotaph.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
In anticipation of Hokulea's homecoming on Saturday, the Polynesian Voyaging Society is hosting free lei-making workshops to prepare for the celebration.
Two separate workshops will be held at various times and locations on Friday June 16. The lei will be used to greet the crew members when they dock in Honolulu at Magic Island.
The first workshop runs from 1-4 p.m. at the Polynesian Voyaging Society headquarters located in the Honolulu Community College Marine Education Center on 10 Sand Island Parkway in Honolulu.
The second event will be held from 6-8 p.m. at the Aupuni Place, formerly known as Na Mea Hawaii, in the Ward Warehouse. For this event, an RSVP is requested, and limited to the first 20 participants. To RSVP, send an email to lormona@pvshawaii.org.
The Polynesian Voyaging Society is accepting donations of flowers, ti leaves and lei making supplies.
For more information on the workshops or how to donate, click here.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Federal environmental regulators say they'll consult with states on managing contamination from a range of long-used non-stick coatings.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Monday it would hold a May summit with state officials. The session will focus on a family of industrial chemicals used for decades in everything from non-stick pans to food wrappers to bags for microwaveable popcorn. The chemicals are known as perfluoralkyls and polyfluoralkyls, or PFAs. Studies now link long-term exposure to the industrial chemicals to increased risks of cancer, hormone changes and other disturbances.
Researchers say water supplies serving millions of Americans show potentially dangerous levels of the contaminants.
The EPA says it will use input from state officials to develop a new management plan for the chemicals this year.
NORTHFIELD, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
The Press of Atlantic City reports that 41-year-old Kimberley Peschi was ordered Wednesday to pay about $200 in fines and fees but the forfeiture of their teaching license is still being deliberated.
The Galloway Township resident was suspended from their position as a music teacher at the Belhaven School in Linwood after the February 2017 injury to the sixth-grade student.
Northfield Municipal Judge Timothy Maguire said surveillance video was the strongest evidence in the case. They will rule on the license after attorneys submit briefs by July 15.
Defense attorney Robert Agre said Peschi will appeal.
___
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
A dream job as a coffee and tea taster is up for grabs at a Scottish company on the hunt for a hot drinks lover.
Private label tea and coffee processing business, James Aimer, is hoping to find an enthusiastic lover of the drinks to head up its tasting team.
The long-established company, that processes ethically sourced coffee beans, is looking for someone with an “unquenchable thirst to learn” and passion for tea and coffee.
The advert for the position says specialist training will be provided for the full-time job at the company's offices at Millbank Road in Dundee.
It says: “The right individual must have the appropriate communication skills to be able to discuss this technical knowledge in a non-technical and enthusiastic way.
“It would be advantageous if the individual is a trained barista with good sensory skills.”
General Manager Robert Sinclair said: “The coffee and tea industry is such a vibrant profession to be involved in right now.
“Couple this with the hugely exciting developments going on in Dundee and we don't think it will be difficult to fill this role.
“There are so many baristas that are passionate and skilled yet, potentially, only at the start of their journey.
“We hope that anyone who wants to learn even more will get in touch.”
The hot drinks business was founded in more than 130 years ago by Dundee trader and shipper, James Aimer.
Despite two Seahawks getting ejected from Week 14's game, none of the team's players will be suspended for their scuffle with the Jaguars late in the fourth quarter, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter.
No Seahawks players will be suspended for Sunday's actions against Jacksonville, though NFL still reviewing melee under standard process, per league official. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) December 11, 2017
Seeing as the league is reviewing the events, there's a possibility the league could fine multiple players from the Seahawks.
Things were chippy between the two teams all throughout the game, but the last melee ignited when the Jags took the victory formation with under a minute left in the game. Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett chop blocked Jags center Brandon Linder after a closing play, causing a scrum between multiple players from both teams. As a result, punches were thrown in the scuffle and Seahawks lineman Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson were ejected from the game.
While heading to the locker room, Jefferson got into another altercation with a fan who threw an unidentified object at him. After an attempt to leap into the stands, Jefferson was finally escorted to the locker room by stadium security.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MERRIAM, Kan. -- Police say a parent playing with children in a Kansas park found a quart-sized mason jar of marijuana, a loaded gun and a scale while looking for a lost ball.
"I called it the marijuana dealer's starter kit," Merriam Police Capt. Troy Duvanel said. "Because you've got everything. You've got your scale here for weighing out the product, cellphone for communicating with your clients, obviously your product, and your protection."
Police say the adult found the weapon and contraband on Memorial Day at Campbell Park in Merriam, according to investigators. The gun was a loaded 9 mm Beretta, caked with dirt.
"It could have ended badly if a kid or someone had found it," Duvanel said.
They said, judging by the all dirt on the loaded gun, it could have been in the park for weeks. They warned the public not to touch any found weapons.
"Just call the police and let us deal with it because you don't know the condition of it," they said.
The findings worry Sandy Paida, who lives next to Campbell Park. They had a picnic there with their 9-year-old granddaughter Tuesday.
"That's very scary," Paida said. "I don't let the kids come down here by themselves. I'm always with them, but still, they're down here and they're walking around. Anybody could have found it."
Paida said everything about the abandoned "starter pack" was strange.
"My concern is why was it left here? If somebody pulled up and scared them and they just threw it and ran? Which way did they run?" Paida said.
Those are all questions Merriam police don't have the answers to yet.
"If somebody had to leave it for an emergency, if somebody consumed too much of their own product and forgot where they placed it, it's difficult to say," Duvanel said.
Merriam police said once they send everything to forensics for prints and DNA testing, there's a good chance they'll find who it belonged to. They haven't turned the phone on yet, but when they find the person who left behind the drugs, scale, phone and gun, they or they will likely be arrested for possession with intent to distribute.
Murray Kinsella reports from Paris
IT'S A STRANGE position for Ireland to be in today ahead of a clash with the French in Paris [KO 4.45pm Irish time, TV3].
Firm favourites.
As Joe Schmidt said last week, the bookies don't often get it wrong and some of them have Ireland as six-point favourites at the time of writing.
Ireland during yesterday's captain's run. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Even with showers of rain forecast – often such a leveller in rugby – there is a strong sense of confidence around Ireland's bid to get their Six Nations campaign off to a winning start before a run of three home games follows.
While Schmidt and their players were as keen as ever to manage expectations and excitement this week, today in Paris has to be seen as nothing other than a fantastic opportunity to kick off Ireland's bid to regain the Six Nations title in winning fashion.
With Jacques Brunel and their inexperienced coaching staff having had just two weeks to work with the France squad, and with les Bleus featuring a raft of fresh faces in their matchday 23, including 19-year-old out-half Matthieu Jalibert, they appear vulnerable.
Ireland, on the other hand, have excellent November series form behind them, a host of experienced and sharp players in key positions and the energy of Six Nations debutants James Ryan, Jacob Stockdale and Bundee Aki sprinkled into a settled XV.
Many have cited Ireland's long-standing poor record in France – they lost here most recently in the rain in 2016 in what was one of the poorest performances of Schmidt's tenure – but rarely have Ireland looked so well set to take advantage of French weaknesses.
There is attacking class in the French ranks, undoubtedly, and Jalibert is just one of those capable of creating opportunities with their footwork, pace and daring attitude close to the defensive line or on the counter-attack.
Wings Virimi Vakatawa and Teddy Thomas can be lethal in space, but one suspects that Schmidt has concocted a few set-piece plays and kicking tactics to exploit their deficiencies on the other side of the ball.
Johnny Sexton's experience will be vital. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
France's scrum will be aggressive as always, with Rabah Slimani particularly capable of doing damage. Tadhg Furlong had a tough day in Paris back in 2016, but they are a totally different player now and Cian Healy on the loosehead has hit a new peak this season.
The French back row of the tireless Kevin Gourdon, explosive Yacouba Camara and lineout specialist Wenceslas Lauret cover a lot of bases – how they left Sekou Macalou out is a mystery – but again the Irish trio of Peter O'Mahony, CJ Stander and Josh van der Flier have strengths in those areas too.
Given that Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton have the far greater halfback experience at this level, one would feel that Ireland have a real advantage in how they can control this contest – even if the French start well and bring their passionate supporters into the mix.
Again, lessons from 2016 are relevant for Ireland in this aspect of the game. That day, Schmidt's men seemed muddy in their tactical thinking – opting to attack with ball in hand even when space opened in the backfield to kick to.
It's likely that the new French fullback, the uncapped Geoffrey Palis – who showed a hesitancy to engage physically for Castres against Munster in Thomond Park recently – will be pushed to the limit by Sexton and Murray in their positional play.
Ireland's efforts with ball in hand will be fascinating when they do decide to run. Forwards like Furlong, Ryan, O'Mahony and van der Flier are capable of delivering passes as well as using footwork before contact, potentially allowing Ireland to continue the development of their ball-in-hand efforts.
The midfield battle should be physically notable, with Aki taking on the power of Remi Lamerat and Henry Chavancy, while Robbie Henshaw does the same but also looks to bring their more subtle creative touches to bear now that they are in the 13 shirt.
Rory Best throws at the Stade de France. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
If Ireland's playmakers can get the ball to width, Keith Earls' form is sensational, while Stockdale showed in November that they are built for this level of the sport. Making up the back three is the reliability and communication of Rob Kearney from 15.
The Irish bench has the impact of Sean Cronin, Dan Leavy and Joey Carbery as well as the experience of Devin Toner and Fergus McFadden, although Brunel can spring energy with the likes of Antoine Dupont, Dany Priso and Marco Tauleigne.
Even so, when we compare and contrast the squads on an individual basis alone, Ireland look the stronger.
Take into account the fact that they have been preparing obsessively under Schmidt since 2013, aware of their demands and standards, and compare that to the fact that the French have had very little time to organise under Brunel, and it's difficult to see beyond the widely predicted win for Ireland.
Anything other than that will surely feel like an opportunity missed.
France:
15. Geoffrey Palis
14. Teddy Thomas
13. Rémi Lamerat
12. Henry Chavancy
11. Virimi Vakatawa
10. Matthieu Jalibert
9. Maxime Machenaud
1. Jefferson Poirot
2. Guilhem Guirado (captain)
3. Rabah Slimani
4. Sébastien Vahaamahina
5. Arthur Iturria
6. Wenceslas Lauret
7. Yacouba Camara
8. Kévin Gourdon
Replacements:
16. Adrien Pelissié
17. Dany Priso
18. Cedate Gomes Sa
19. Paul Gabrillagues
20. Marco Tauleigne
21. Antoine Dupont
22. Anthony Belleau
23. Benjamin Fall
Ireland:
15. Rob Kearney
14. Keith Earls
13. Robbie Henshaw
12. Bundee Aki
11. Jacob Stockdale
10. Johnny Sexton
9. Conor Murray
1. Cian Healy
2. Rory Best (captain)
3. Tadhg Furlong
4. James Ryan
5. Iain Henderson
6. Peter O'Mahony
7. Josh van der Flier
8. CJ Stander
Replacements:
16. Sean Cronin
17. Jack McGrath
18. John Ryan
19. Devin Toner
20. Dan Leavy
21. Luke McGrath
22. Joey Carbery
23. Fergus McFadden
Referee: Nigel Owens [WRU].
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Jenny Beth Martin, co-founder and national coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots, said on Sunday that their organization is asking people to complete a survey on it website focused on last week's National School Walkout to help them develop the tools young people need to deal with more protests planned in the coming weeks.
“I want to do what I can to help make sure we connect these kids together and give them the support they need to withstand the pressure that they are facing inside their schools from administrators and teachers and then also from fellow students,” Martin told Breitbart News Sunday, hosted by Washington political editor Matt Boyle and deputy political editor Amanda House on SiriusXM Patriot 125.
They said many parents across the country were caught off guard by the event, which was promoted as a way to honor the 17 people who were shot and killed at a Parkland, Florida, high school last month allegedly by a former student with a history of mental health issues.
The walkout was, in fact, organized and funded by the same left-wing groups behind the Women's March, including Planned Parenthood and the George Soros-funded moveon.org, and morphed into an anti-Trump, anti-National Rifle Association, “gun control” protest that spilled out of schools into the streets.
“The left is clearly organizing the kids [by those] who want to take away our rights, and I just want to make sure that those who want to stand up for our rights in a very hostile environment have the support they need,” Martin said.
One of the questions on the survey asked about whether respondents were aware of another nationwide walkout planned for April 20.
Martin said that some 60 percent of the people taking the survey said they were not aware.
Martin told Breitbart News Sunday that, as a mother of teenagers, they want to be vigilant about not doing what the left is doing, which they referred as the “egregious” way it is using students to advance its political agenda.
“I just want to be able to help them organize and find out what they think would be the best way to do this in their schools and see if we can get consensus among them and then give them the tools to be able to do that,” Martin said.
Martin said the left is extremely organized in its efforts to use students, teachers, and even administrators and that those who support the Second Amendment and citizens' right to bear arms need to step up.
“Please take the survey,” Martin said. “Share it with everyone you know who has school-age children or school-age grandchildren, and if they are a student or a teacher, share it with them and ask them to fill it out so we can help connect them.”
“If we know how to organize people around this country … we can give them the tools to stand and speak for themselves,” Martin said.
According to the radical Indivisible website, another walkout is planned on April 20, the anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting.
You can find the Tea Party Patriots survey here.
Breitbart News Sunday airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. Eastern.
Follow Penny Starr on Twitter.
Shah Rukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal is all set to wrap up by the end of this week. Never in their wildest dreams, anyone would have a thought of a Shah Rukh Khan film to wrap up in 2 weeks. The second-weekend collections are here and they're too poor to count.
The opening of the film warned of the cloudy days ahead but no one thought the crash to be of this level. Shah Rukh Khan's films have received backlash before too but rarely any of them have witnessed such fall. The film did not even touch 60 crores in its week 1, it collected 58.40 crores. From the 1st weekend of 45.75 crores, the film started crashing on weekdays.
The film was meant to give tough competition to other releases, unfortunately, it received hard-bitten clash from others. Akshay Kumar's Toilet: Ek Prem Katha released in its 2nd week and it lost all the remaining hopes. Where Akshay's starrer is shining as the saviour at the box office, Shah Rukh Khan's film is counting its few final days.
Trending :
The film started its poor 2nd week by collecting mere 80 lacs on its 2nd Friday. Extreme negative word of mouth around the film has led it to this stage. Yes, the movie jumped on weekends but you can't consider it because of the low start. It collected 90 lacs and 95 lacs on Saturday and Sunday summing up the 2nd weekend to 2.65 crores. The film's lifetime collections till now are 61.05 crores.
Tomorrow due to public holiday there might be a slight rise in already low collections. But, now, not even a miracle can save this ship from sinking. It will end up less than Imtiaz Ali's last film Tamasha starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
SHANGHAI (AP) — The Chinese government has granted preliminary approval for nine Donald Trump trademarks it had previously rejected, in whole or in part, the Associated Press found, a turn that is likely to fuel further allegations that Beijing may be giving the president's family business special treatment.
Trump's decision to retain ownership of their global branding empire has sparked criticism over perceived conflicts of interest and three lawsuits, including one filed Wednesday by nearly 200 Democrats in Congress, which allege violations of a constitutional prohibition against accepting gifts from foreign governments. Trademarks lie at the heart of these complaints because they are granted by foreign states and can be enormously valuable — whether they are intended as groundwork for future business activity or defensive measures against squatting to protect the value of the brand.
Publicly available records do not indicate why the nine applications were initially rejected, nor why the trademarks were then granted provisional approval eight to 15 weeks later.
"The speed with which these appeals were decided is mind-blowing," said Matthew Dresden, an intellectual property attorney at Harris Bricken in Seattle. "I have never seen any decisions made that quickly. That suggests special treatment. But that's just procedural. Substantively, it's impossible to say whether any of this is unusual."
China's Trademark Office did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday.
The new provisional approvals further shore up the president's brand in China, conferring potential rights to the use of Chinese versions of their name for beauty salon services, socks, human resources consulting and advertising, among other things, and the Trump brand, in English, for jewelry and watch repair. If there are no objections, the marks will be formally registered after 90 days.
China has also granted formal approval for dozens of Trump trademarks in the last few weeks, bring to 39 the total number of official registrations China has given the Trump family business since President Trump took office, according to records from China's Trademark Office. Those marks include branded spa and massage services, golf clubs, hotels, insurance, finance and real estate companies, restaurants, bars, and a trademark class that covers bodyguards, social escorts, and concierge services, according to Chinese records.
You Yunting, a partner at DeBund Law Offices in Shanghai, said that it's not unusual for trademark rejections to be overturned on appeal. They noted that the Trademark Office database contained no indication Trump's lawyers had actually appealed the trademark rejections, but said it can take months for such actions to be noted in the public database. They also said that if the initial denial was only partial, the Trademark Office might have let some elements of the applications progress without an appeal from the trademark holder, in which case reversals can be swift.
"Considering the political element, the authorities are definitely not going to admit special treatment, but the possibility cannot be excluded," You said. "Even if the Trademark Office helped Trump, it would be very difficult to find the wrongdoing on the surface."
China has defended its handling of trademarks belonging to the president and their daughter, Ivanka Trump, who has also been expanding their collection of Chinese trademarks , as fair and in line with Chinese law.
Ivanka Trump's brand has won provisional approval for at least seven new trademarks since they took on an official role at the White House. Right around the time they formalized their position as an adviser to their father, their company, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC, applied to the Chinese government for at least 14 new trademarks. Them brand has said the trademarks were all filed defensively, to protect their name against squatters.
The Trump Organization now has at least 125 trademarks in China formally or provisionally approved, according to Chinese public records. Just four were invalidated, back in 2013. Three more have been rejected, with appeals pending, and one application is dead, according to China's Trademark Office database.
Three applications were subsequently split so the number of individual trademark decisions is slightly higher than the number of applications in Chinese records.
Trump Organization lawyer Alan Garten said the company has made aggressive efforts to defend its brand in China, "a haven for trademark infringement," and has made no effort to use Donald Trump's political career to influence Chinese trademark officials.
"The Company has not authorized anyone to discuss and is not aware of anyone having discussed Donald J. Trump's status as either a presidential candidate, President-elect or President of the United States with any representative of the Chinese government in charge of or with the authority to grant trademarks," Garten wrote in a June 9 letter to eight Democratic senators who have raised conflict-of-interest questions about the president's ongoing China trademarking activity.
The data Garten gave to Congress in that letter, however, is at odds with public records in China.
Garten wrote that the company had filed 117 trademark applications in China and said that while some trademarks had been granted provisional approval none have been formally registered since 2015.
But records from China's Trademark Office indicates that from Feb. 14 through June 7 of this year, 39 trademarks have been formally registered. In addition, the public database lists a total of 126 trademark applications made by Donald J. Trump and four applications in the name of their company DTTM Operations LLC.
Garten said in an email that ownership of 122 Chinese trademarks had been transferred to DTTM Operations in January, but did not explain how that was possible if only 117 applications had been filed. They also cautioned that China's trademark database can be unreliable.
"That database is not frequently updated and is widely known to contain a multitude of inaccuracies," they said in an email.
__
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed from Shanghai.
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
Morton, 3 Astros Relievers Combine to 5-hit Angels, 3-0
HOUSTON (AP) _ Charlie Morton and three relievers combined for a five-hitter,
Jose Altuve drove in two runs and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels
3-0 on Monday night for their fifth straight win.
Morton (1-1) worked in and out of trouble over five innings, allowing five hits
and two walks with three strikeouts. They had runners on in every inning,
including stranding the bases loaded in the second when they got Ben Revere to fly
out. Morton has allowed three runs or fewer in each of their three starts this
season.
Chris Devenski followed Morton with two perfect innings, Luke Gregerson threw a
perfect eighth and Ken Giles pitched the ninth for their third save. Astros
pitchers retired the last 14 batters.
Jesse Chavez (1-2) allowed two runs and seven hits over a season-high seven
innings. They struck out five and rebounded after allowing five runs in 4 1/3
innings in their last outing.
The iconic NHL trophy is confirmed to appear at the Jacob Street arena thanks to a New Hamburg Minor Hockey alumni.
Washington Capitals video coach Brett Leonhardt will bring the Stanley Cup to where they learned to play hockey. The public is invited for a free viewing on August 2 from 9-11 a.m. before Leonhardt takes it to their parent's current home in Grand Bend.
“Everyone who has ever laced up skates dreams of someday winning the Stanley Cup,” said Leonhardt. “For me bringing it back to where it all started is a big part of that dream and I am excited to share the Cup with the people of Wilmot and surrounding area.”
Along with being able to take pictures, the public will also have a chance to enter a draw for a signed Alex Ovechkin Washington Capitals jersey during the open house. The proceeds will be going toward New Hamburg Minor Hockey.
A WA man serving a 40-year jail term in Texas for sexually abusing children at a summer camp is appealing for a transfer to an Australian prison and claims it will benefit Perth children who have accused them of similar crimes.
A new study in The Condor: Ornithological Applications presents negative associations between anthropogenic disturbance (human recreational use of beaches, coastal modifications) and Piping Plovers on their non-breeding grounds. Shorebirds are one of the most threatened bird families in the world. Numerous studies have shown the negative impacts of humans on these birds, whether it be large-scale (e.g., habitat loss, climate change) or small-scale (e.g., ATV use, running with pets, flying kites). This research indicates that there are direct consequences of disturbance. Most Piping Plover research has focused on the breeding season in an attempt to directly influence population numbers, however this study argues that efforts are required throughout the year in all locations to assist Piping Plover conservation.
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University's Dan Gibson and colleagues monitored Piping Plovers year-round to determine the health and behavior of individuals. Body condition, survival, and site fidelity were of most interest. Plovers in disturbed areas proved to be significantly lighter in mass, due to the birds not procuring enough food. Given poorer body condition, it should be no surprise that birds in these disturbed areas also had lower survival rates. Piping plovers have strong site fidelity on the breeding grounds and this study supports that fidelity continues on the non-breeding grounds. While physically capable of changing location, it was not common for individuals to do so even if there was a high level of disturbance. The lack of movement by disturbed individuals suggests that aspects of the species' life history (i.e. fidelity) constrained individuals to make seemingly adaptive habitat-use decisions. Some of the strategies used on the breeding grounds (reduced human recreation, roped-off areas, no dogs on beaches) may be beneficial to also do on the non-breeding grounds to ensure year-round conservation and oversight on this threatened shorebird species.
Lead author Dan Gibson comments, "We have a lot of of opportunity to engage with the public in what exactly our research is about. We often try to stress that the impact an individual recreationist has on a shorebird is practically non-existent. However, if every person who uses a beach in a given day influences how these shorebirds feed or rest, those minute impacts can begin to add up over the course of a season that can manifest itself as reductions in individual body condition and ultimately their ability to withstand bad weather conditions or successfully migrate and find a mate. We try to stress that small changes in how we use a beach (e.g., keep dogs on leash, avoid running through groups of birds) can really add up to substantial improvements in the overall quality of coastal habitat for shorebirds."
"This study availed itself of a unique resource that range-wide banding efforts have provided for the study of the demographics of the endangered piping plover," adds College of Environmental Science and Forestry Associate Professor Jonathan Cohen, a shorebird expert who was not involved with the research, "and successfully attempted the difficult task of teasing out the sometimes subtle effect of disturbance in nonbreeding areas on annual vital rates. The finding that this endangered species may not readily abandon habitat that is detrimental for fitness was surprising, and warrants immediate attention from the conservation community."
###
Impacts of anthropogenic disturbance on a non-breeding shorebird's body condition, survival, and site fidelity will be available June 27, 2018 at http://www. bioone. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1650/ CONDOR-17-148. 1 . Research contact: Dan Gibson, epaxton@usgs.gov
About the journal: The Condor: Ornithological Applications is a peer-reviewed, international journal of ornithology published by the American Ornithological Society. The journal began in 1899, and in 2016 The Condor had the number one impact factor among 24 ornithology journals.
On Friday, Vpon Big Data Group — Asia's leading big data ad technology company — shared with MMW the findings of its 2017 H1 APAC Mobile Advertising Statistics and Trends report.
The report in question reveals the mobile behavior analysis of domestic tourists in Japan.
“Through these mobile data, advertisers can target potential tourists for promotion. Moreover, the report also explores the mobile behavior of Greater China tourists in Thailand and South Korea, and shows an overview of the latest Asia Pacific mobile programmatic advertising market,” the summary explains.
All told, Japan's tourism industry is booming. Although Greater China tourists contribute a big growth momentum, the Japanese domestic tourists are still the mainstay to support the industry, the report authors explain.
According to the statistics of the Japan Tourism Agency, the domestic tourism expenditure accounts for 80% of the total, and still rising. In view of this, the report provides an in-depth analysis of the mobile behavior of domestic tourists in Japan on the behavior pattern on planning their trips.
“Data drives transactions so that big data is the weapon to enhance competitiveness for all industries,” says Victor Wu, CEO at Vpon Big Data Group. “With that being said, big data allows brands to gain a comprehensive understanding on customer behavior through mobile and to predict the trend. To gain such customer insights into tourists from Japan and even entire APAC region, Vpon has long strived to build the biggest Asian tourist's mobile behavior database in the market through the continuous accumulation, consolidation, and data analysis over the years. Moreover, given the fact that the nature of data is interconnected, Vpon helps brands intersect and analyze the tourists' data through multiple dimensions in order to discover the underlying information and mobile behavior on a deeper level.”
http://www.vpon.com/
3 July 2018 — Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts provides qualitative car perfume products, being the right place to consider while willing a nice collaboration with car perfume providing companies. If you would like to discover the actual advantages of the Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts, then you are more than welcome to visit the company website and to dive into all the features and great things about it.
The website of Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts is a very user friendly platform, that provides qualitative and smart information about their every service and also many intriguing details about the company itself. The web page integrates a blog that can offer to users something unusual and really impressive about the overall process of implementation and other stuff. You can easily explore the many little details and find out astonishing facts about the company as well as about their products.
Why Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts is a great company? First of all, being more than 13 years on the marketplace, they already know what the customer wants, this being a key factor in the overall process of production. They are customizing many tastes and this being a really nice feature of their offerings. You can visit their website and discover the full range of tastes that they are providing for national and international clients all over the world. Yet another point to consider, the Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts company is ready to collaborate with everyone, being a very open company and organization, that is why, do not wait to be part of the Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts team.
About Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts:
Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts is a modernized professional factory which integrates with dev, design, production and sales of car perfumes. Since 2005, the company elaborates new tastes and odors, makes the impossible in order to create new trends of romantic, fashionable and smooth car perfumes for everyday usage. If you are interested in discovering the business of Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts, then do not hesitate to contact them and Strat a close and interesting collaboration.
Contact:
Company Name: Shenzhen YLFY Auto Parts Co., Ltd
Website: https://www.carperfumechina.com/
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Up to four in 10 children in some parts of Gloucestershire are growing up in poverty.
New figures released by the End Child Poverty coalition show that more than two-fifths of children are living in poverty in the Gloucestershire ward with the worst rate of deprivation.
It also shows more than half of children live in poverty in nearly 100 wards across the UK, after housing costs.
The map below shows the scale of child poverty across the country.
Where are the biggest areas for child poverty in Gloucestershire?
End Child Poverty Coalition's analysis reflects that households are living in poverty if their income is less than 60 per cent of the average.
More than a quarter of children in Gloucester are living in poverty, according to the research.
In Barton and Tredworth, the most impoverished ward, the child poverty rate was 43 per cent, an estimated 1,400 children.
The next most impoverished area in Gloucestershire is the Forest of Dean at 22.58 per cent.
The biggest areas for child poverty in the Forest, where the rate was just under a third, were Coleford Central, Lydney East and Littledean and Ruspidge.
The wards with the highest rates of child poverty End Child Poverty
In Cheltenham, just under a fifth - 19.65 per cent of children is living in poverty after housing costs. St Pauls - with 34 per cent of its children living in poverty - was the poorest ward in the town, closely followed by Oakley.
Some 17.31 per cent of children in Stroud were impoverished, while in Tekwesbury the figure was very similar at 17.27.
In Cotswolds the child poverty figures were the lowest in Gloucestershire at 16.89 per cent.
com.escenic.studio.core.binding.DefaultPropertyBinding@2c2d12bd
The wards with the lowest rates of child poverty End Child Poverty
Why are so many children in poverty?
End Child Poverty, which is made up of charities, faith groups and unions, has warned the current freeze on child benefits will mean that as prices rise, low income families would find it increasingly hard to pay for the same basic essentials.
The coalition is calling on the Chancellor, Phillip Hammond, to end the freeze on children's benefits, and to invest in interest free credit for low income families.
End Child Poverty is also concerned that the impact of poverty may be exacerbated by a poverty premium - which means that low income families can face paying as much as £1700 per year more than better off families, to buy the same essential goods and services.
A major contributor to this is the high cost of credit for low income families, and the coalition wants to see the Government address this by providing better access to interest free credit.
Sam Royston, chairperson of End Child Poverty, said: “It is scandalous that a child born in some parts of the UK now has a greater chance of growing up in poverty, than being in a family above the breadline.
“‘There can be little doubt that the Government's policy of maintaining the benefits freeze despite rising prices is a major contributor to the emerging child poverty crisis.
The Government has said it has lifted hundreds of thousands of children out of workless households.
A Government spokesperson said: “The best route out of poverty is through employment, and since 2010 an extra 3 million more people are now in work and 600,000 fewer children are living in workless households.
"But we recognise that budgets are tight, and that's why we're helping families keep more of what they earn.
“We've doubled free childcare – worth £5,000 per child each year – while our £2.5billion pupil premium programme is supporting 2 million disadvantaged schoolchildren across the country.”
Kimberley police have been left scrambling after a deal they brokered with a teenage escapee to give themselves up backfired, resulting in the 15-year-old going on a suspected three-week crime spree and remaining on the run.
The Weekend West can reveal that police agreed to give elders from the youth's remote community the keys to handcuffs they were wearing as part of an arrangement that was meant to end with them handing themselves in.
The teenager was also given time to take part in an important cultural initiation ceremony. But when the deadline came for them to surrender, they escaped again.
The handcuffed youth fled from officers last month while they were driving them from a remote community on the Dampier Peninsula to Broome after they had been remanded in custody on burglary and theft charges.
During the journey the boy asked police to pull over so they could go to the toilet.
The officers left their handcuffs on but they managed to give them the slip, running off into the bush.
Police established that they were hiding at the Djarindjin community but repeated attempts to find them were unsuccessful. Contact was made with community elders who helped broker the deal for police to back off and allow the teenager to take part in the initiation ceremony on the proviso that they would hand themselves in as soon as it was finished.
It is understood the decision to hand over the handcuff keys was made after police were told the teenager had managed to free one of their wrists. The handcuffs and key were later returned to police.
But when the time came for the youth to give themselves up, they reneged on the deal and police have been searching for them since.
Police suspect they have committed more burglary offences during their time on the run.
Kimberley Police District Supt. Allan Adams defended the handling of the case.
“The decision to stop actively pursuing this juvenile was made after consultation with their family, community leaders and cultural leaders,” they said.
“As a result of those discussions, it was unanimously agreed to allow the juvenile to attend to their local cultural lore practices and for them to be handed to police when they were completed.
“On Tuesday, the lore sponsor delivered the juvenile to Dampier Peninsula Police Station but prior to police taking physical custody of him, the juvenile has again run into bushland.”
But even after all that consideration, swimwear is one of the most-returned items of the season. Forty-five percent of swimsuits bought since April have been returned already, Lyst says. That compares to 34 percent of pants sent back this year and 18 percent of hats.
"Swimwear is one of those pieces of clothing that is hard to find the fit," said spokesperson Sarah Tanner.
Some tips to navigate swimwear shopping:
TIMING THE DISCOUNTS: If you can wait, the best time to buy is in August, when suits are 70 percent off, says Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews, an online comparison deal site. Then again, by then the choices will have dwindled. Walmart, which sells women's swimwear from $9.96 for a one-piece to $31.76 for a bikini sold as separates, says it has the most options in its stores from Memorial Day to July 4th. Target says June is its most popular month for swimsuit sales. Off-price retailer TJX Co., which owns T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, says it gets a fresh assortment of swimwear every week all summer.
USING TOOLS TO FIGURE OUT FIT: Many swimwear brands tout features like tummy control. But plenty of new tools can help people find the right fit. Lyst has an interactive feature called SwimSeeker that helps find a suit using three questions: Which part of their bodies do shoppers love, which colors look best on them, and which styles are they looking for. As they use the tool, the options become more personalized, Tanner says.
J.C. Penney displays select styles on mannequins at stores, but also launched a video component online this year in response to "customers who were interested in seeing how a swimsuit fit on a real person, rather than relying on static online images," says spokesperson Daphne Avila. Some styles feature videos of models, including some full-figured ones, walking and posing in the suit.
Macy's has an online swimwear style guide that offers recommendations by style, trend or fit. And Target's website lets customers navigate by cut and fit options. Online retailer Zappos has size conversion charts to help people make choices that fit well.
This season, Lands' End launched a "swim finder" tool that prompts women to make choices from a variety of categories to help narrow down swim pieces to those best suited for them. Shoppers can also customize their two-piece selections by style, color and size.
FINDING CHOICES IN MORE SIZES: Retailers are offering more swimwear options in larger sizes. Target launched extended sizing in suits sold under the Xhilaration store brand. J.C. Penney unveiled its first plus-size private swimwear brand, Boutique+, this year. It also expanded its Ambrielle intimates brand to offer swimwear pieces that women can get in different sizes, like a smaller bottom and a larger top or vice versa.
LEARNING THE RETURN POLICIES: Many retailers like Target and Walmart say their return policies are the same for swimwear as for any other item. At Target, people can bring back unopened items in new condition within 90 days for a refund or exchange. However, T.J. Maxx and Marshalls specifically require tickets to be properly attached to swimwear. At Zappos, free shipping comes with free returns up until a year.
[India], July 04 (ANI): The victim, who was thrashed by Rajasthan Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Dhan Singh Rawat's son Raja in a road rage case, on Wednesday, said that they want to resolve the matter now.
Talking to ANI, victim Prerak Upadhyaya said, "Within an hour the issue was settled. The incident is all over the media now, it should end. I want to resolve it."
Rawat's son Raja, who thrashed the man on June 1 in Banswara's Vidyut Colony, yesterday expressed regret and said that they did it in a fit of rage.
They had said, "I had expressed regret that day itself and again express regret today. The incident had happened in a fit of rage. Even husband-wife fight but patch up later." Raja thrashed the man after they allegedly did not let their vehicle pass by. In a video footage, Raja could be seen overtaking a car and blocking the road before getting off. They then opened the door of the car they overtook and dragged the driver out before unleashing a torrent of blows on him. Raja was accompanied by several other men who too came out of their car and joined Raja to beat the man. (ANI)
HOUSTON - Several Santa Fe students who have been outspoken about school security want to take their message global.
They met with a documentary filmmaker who recorded their interviews at Houston Police headquarters.
“What if we never had to worry about dying in a school, concert or a church?” asks one student looking directly into the camera lens as filmmaker Jeff Vespa records.
Related: Trump to meet with families of victims of Santa Fe High School shooting
That is one of 25 “What If” videos filmed, produced and edited by Jeff Vespa since a spate of tragic school shootings.
“We released the first one, and it got 6 million views within the first 24 hours,” Vespa said.
The video they are referring to was made in the days following the shooting at a Parkland, Fla., high school, in February where 17 people were killed by a teenage gunman.
Immediately, students there mobilized with the message that gun violence needs to end.
“I make videos. That's what I do for a living, and I just felt their message needed to get out there even more and I knew I could help," Vespa said.
Vespa flew to Houston to interview survivors of the Santa Fe High School shooting in which eight students and two teachers were shot and killed.
“The truth is whatever we're doing as a society, or not doing, is not working,” said Megan McGuire, a Santa Fe junior.
Some Santa Fe students are now also vocal about the changes they want to see in school security and state law. Just like the Parkland students, they're focused on gun reforms, but these are two very different communities in the spotlight.
“We support the Second Amendment. We don't want to take your guns from your household. We support that right. We just want safety,” said Santa Fe senior Bree Butler.
Butler is among the local students being interviewed for Vespa's “What If” videos. They are described as short, powerful clips that have gone viral on social media.
“The idea is just asking that question, ‘What if?' What if our kids felt safe? What if instead of thoughts and prayers, we had policy and action?” Vespa said.
All eyes are now on the elections in November.
“Getting the generation to vote, to get out and register and to vote,” is a main goal of Vespa's.
“My thought is if you do not do something, you do not have a prayer of being elected,” McGuire said.
Photos: Victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting
Photos: Victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting 01 / 31 01 / 31
© 2018 KHOU
Jessica Jones is in for a bad case of déjà vu.
David Tennant, who famously and nefariously played Season 1's Kilgrave (and was just named our Performer of the Week for Broadchurch Season 3), will reprise their role as the mind-warping villain in Season 2 of the Netflix/Marvel drama, EW.com reports.
Kilgrave was last seen in the Season 1 finale, where Krysten Ritter's titular hero — spoiler alert! — snapped their neck and killed him.
In typical Marvel fashion, details of Tennant's involvement are being kept quiet. Last month it was announced that Leah Gibson has been added as series regular Ingrid, a character speculated to eventually emerge as the Daredevil villain Typhoid Mary.
Marvel's Jessica Jones is slated to return to Netflix in early 2018.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Kristen Bell (The Good Place) will lend their voice to a November episode of Family Guy as a possible love interest for Brian, while Louis C.K. (Louie) will voice themselves in the Season 15 premiere (airing Sunday, Oct. 1), EW.com reports.
* Emmy Award winner Blythe Danner (Huff) will play aunt to Benedict Cumberbatch in the upcoming Showtime limited series Patrick Melrose.
* Steven Weber (NCIS: New Orleans) will guest-star in a November episode of CBS' Mom as a potential love interest for Anna Faris' Christy, EW.com reports.
* The upcoming Showtme comedy SMILF has added Raven Goodwin (Being Mary Jane) and Mark Webber (Green Room) in recurring roles, as Bridgette's best friend Eliza and Father Eddie respectively.
RELATEDShonda Rhimes Exits ABC for Netflix
* Netflix has ordered a teen supernatural-thriller from U.K. creators Simon Duric (The Crown, Black Mirror) and Hania Elkington and director Farren Blackburn (Daredevil, Doctor Who).
Which of today's TVLine Items piques your interest?
Online booking system for corporates and enterprises, although a mandate, still offer extremely limited choices, higher rates, antiquated technology and not so convenient user interface. This is the reason many corporate clients get frustrated and book outside the approved tools provided
The expectation to have an easy booking experience with adequate choices are being torn apart by the high quality user friendly tools that they can use while booking for leisure tourism.
Reports suggest that more than half of corporate clients choose not to book through portals designed for corporate bookings. One of the prime reason for such poor figures is the lack of a travel policy. Online travel booking and travel management is still not taken as seriously as it should by now. Another legit reason can be that the company's policy requires the employees to book only through a specified agency or use a specific portal. Furthermore, even those that have tools say that they book half or more of the business travel without even using those tools.
The ability to get better prices and way more choices in terms of accommodation are the two prime reasons for business travellers to book off channels.
Another reason can be that regular business travellers may find better rates when they book directly with the hotel online hotel booking sites or through an online travel agency due to their constant deals and cashbacks going on.
Hence, for travel management companies for business and enterprises to become successful and run smoothly, they first need to build a strong backup support and customer handling. There also has to be a way to reduce costs and offer higher margins and competitive rates as to what a client gets when they book off the system.
Source: https://www.prlog.org/12716656-what-travel-management-companies-can-learn-from-leisure-booking-practices.html
BREAKING: Liverpool have made a £53 million bid for Lyon's Nabil Fekir.
Liverpool aren't waiting about this summer! pic.twitter.com/JQyEC8OviG
Geraldton Netball Association's Champions team typically play in one major event a year, and coach Sharon Gould said the team are ready to seize their opportunity to shine in Perth.
The mixed gender team is for people with special needs or conditions who don't want to play in mainstream teams.
They will compete against other special needs players in the Inclusion Division at the Smarter Than Smoking Association Championships in Perth.
Despite their limitations, Gould said the team will play within the same competition structures as everyone else.
“We play competitively,” they said.
“You earn points when you win and then go to the preliminary finals, then play-offs in the main area.
“We play with the same rules as everyone else and everyone has to play at least 50 per cent of the time, unless there's an injury or other medical reason.
“We're one of the few teams that play consistently throughout the year, too.
“A lot of other teams just get people together purely for the carnival, but our team plays for the whole season.”
Gould said Champions had been working on defence, communication and sustaining momentum levels through a game.
“Katherine Garraway is strong in defence,” Gould said.
“We have some really unreal shooters - David Barrett always does well.
“We're going to try and use our strengths.”
Gould thanked Ian Blayney MLA, Geraldton Legal Group, Nicole Ridley Massage Therapist, Cut loose Hair Design, Midwest Community Living Association, Snap Fitness Geraldton, Sports Power Geraldton and anonymous donors for their sponsorship.
Champions will play in Perth on Sunday.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Court records show a slain Kansas psychiatrist was stabbed about 165 times outside their clinic in Wichita last month.
The arrest affidavit for the suspect, 21-year-old Umar Dutt, was released Thursday. He's charged with first-degree murder in the Sept. 13 death of Achutha Reddy at their Holistic Psychiatry Services clinic.
The affidavit says a clinic employee reported hearing Reddy calling for help and then seeing Dutt stabbing the psychiatrist. The employee was able to briefly separate the two.
The affidavit says Reddy also suffered “blunt force trauma” and may have been run over by a vehicle.
Dutt was a patient of Reddy's. Investigators haven't released a possible motive.
Dutt is jailed on a $1 million bond. Their attorney tells The Wichita Eagle “more evidence will be coming to light.”
“Macs see a fair number of new games — enough for us to comfortably pick 10 strong options for our monthly roundup, at least — but the selection still lags well behind Windows PCs,” Andrew Hayward writes for Macworld.
“Hopefully that situation continues to improve over time, but Nvidia has another solution in mind: PC games streamed over the internet to your Mac with minimal delay,” Hayward writes. “It's a service called GeForce Now, and it's currently available in a free, open beta for Mac. Essentially, Nvidia has powerful, GTX 1080 GPU-equipped servers running high-end Windows games remotely, and you can stream them directly to your Mac over a strong connection.”
“It's not a new idea (OnLive did this years ago), but GeForce Now is impressively easy to use, the list of supported games is large and enticing, and the games run startlingly well for the most part—although not every game is ideal for this kind of setup,” Hayward writes. “I've been playing around with the beta lately and came away largely impressed: here's why it's worth checking out.”
Read more in the full article here.
WASHINGTON — In a blow to Obamacare's controversial contraceptive mandate, employers may now have more leeway to withhold birth control coverage on religious grounds, according to new rules issued by the US Department of Health and Human Services on Friday.
The new rules continue the undermining of the Obamacare mandate that requires birth control be covered with no co-pay as a preventive service. This could impact many of the millions of women who now receive contraceptives at no cost under this provision.
The rules would let a broad range of employers — including nonprofits, private firms and publicly traded companies — stop offering contraceptives through their health insurance plans if they have a “sincerely held religious or moral objection,” senior agency officials said on a call about the implementation and enforcement of the new rules.
Health and Human Services officials said the new rule would have no impact on “99.9% of women” in the United States. It is basing that percentage on the 165 million women in America, many of whom are not in their child-bearing years.
The agency calculated that at most, 120,000 women would be affected: mainly those who work at the roughly 200 entities that have been involved in 50 or so lawsuits over birth control coverage.
Policy experts, however, argue that this could open the door to hundreds of employers dropping coverage. For instance, there are hundreds of Catholic hospitals, nursing homes and nonprofits that may want to stop providing contraceptives, said Tim Jost, emeritus professor at the Washington and Lee University School of Law.
Friday's action consists of two rules, according to a Health and Human Services statement: First, entitles that have “sincerely held religious beliefs” against providing contraceptives would no longer be required to do so. The second rule extends the same provision to organizations and small businesses that have objections “on the basis of moral conviction which is not based in any particular religious belief.”
The latest announcement builds upon an executive order in May claiming “to protect and vigorously promote religious liberty” by providing “regulatory relief” for organizations that object on religious grounds to Obamacare coverage requirements for certain health services, including contraception.
“We will never, ever stand for religious discrimination. Never, ever,” President Donald Trump said at the time.
A number of legal challenges to the new rules are brewing from groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union, the National Women's Law Center, the Center for Reproductive Rights and the office of California Attorney General Xavier Becerra.
The ACLU said it planned to file a lawsuit Friday. The organization's senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri called the administration's rules “blatantly unconstitutional.”
Until now, a fairly limited number of employers — mainly churches and some other religious entities — could get an exemption to the mandate. Some others, such as religious-based universities or hospitals, could seek accommodations so that they didn't have to provide coverage, but their workers could still get covered contraceptives that would be paid for by the insurer or the employer plan's administrator.
Over 55 million US women have birth control coverage with zero out-of-pocket costs, according to the National Women's Law Center. The mandate saved women an estimated $1.4 billion on birth control pills alone in 2013, according to the center.
Experts have pointed out that many women use birth control methods for more than pregnancy prevention, including treatment of hormonal imbalances and endometriosis.
“There is no way to know how many women will be affected,” said Alina Salganicoff, director of women's health policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit that focuses on health policy research and communications.
“HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” Dr. Haywood L. Brown, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said in a statement. “Reducing access to contraceptive coverage threatens to reverse the tremendous progress our nation has made in recent years in lowering the unintended pregnancy rate.”
Brown said that weakening contraception coverage could also take a toll on maternal mortality, community health and economic stability of women and families.
“Birth control is not controversial — it's health care the vast majority of women will use in the course of their lifetime,” Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in a statement.
“Nine out of ten women of reproductive age will use birth control in their lifetime. This administration is carrying out a full-scale attack on birth control,” Richards said. “We cannot allow President Trump to roll back the progress women have made over the past century.”
Friday's move comes more than three years after the US Supreme Court ruled that “closely held corporations” — in that case, Hobby Lobby — could be exempt from providing certain kinds of birth control to their employees.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also released “interpretative guidance” Friday directing all federal agencies to comply with existing protections for religious liberty under federal law and Supreme Court precedent.
“The constitutional protection of religious beliefs and the right to exercise those beliefs have served this country well, have made us one of the most tolerant countries in the world, and have also helped make us the freeist and most generous,” Sessions said in a statement. “President Trump promised that this administration would ‘lead by example on religious liberty,' and they are delivering on that promise.”
A Justice Department official explained, however, that Sessions' directive is limited in scope: “It's not a policy document. It doesn't create or authorize the creation of any new protections. It simply summarizes the state of the law as it exists today.”
The official explained that the department's guidance was issued because Trump directed Sessions to do so in their May executive order.
When asked what was different between Thursday and today, the official said, “nothing, as a matter of law.”
You may still be having some economic flashbacks to the ugly end of the previous business boom.
It's a bit natural to be worried that the current extended economic upswing may be nearing its end, resulting in a slowdown that could mean trouble for real estate.
Whether you doubt the durability of the ongoing expansion or not, let me assure you of one housing trend: Most Southern Californians are still making their mortgage payments — and the foreclosure work that does exist is running at roughly one-tenth of its peak pace.
To see if trouble's brewing, I tossed into my trusty spreadsheet regional data on total foreclosure filings — default notices, scheduled auctions and bank repossessions — from the housing trackers at Attom Data Solutions. What I found is the lowest level of distress in a decade-plus.
In Southern California's six counties, 12,435 foreclosure filings were made in the first quarter. That's down 23 percent in a year and 64 percent below 10 years ago. The last time the foreclosure filing mill ran slower was 2006's second quarter.
Don't forget that the local market turned ghostly real fast after the start of 2007. By 2009, foreclosure filings had surged by 345 percent to average 133,243 a quarter. That's a reminder to be cautious but also be reassured because today's level of distressed properties is down 91 percent from the peak of foreclosure mania.
Across the rest of California, 8,584 filings were made in the year's first three months. That's off 29 percent in a year and off 92 percent from 2009.
Individual Southern California counties have enjoyed similar drops in troubled homeowners compared to a year ago and the average level of 2009's insanity:
• Los Angeles: 4,900 filings in the first quarter, down 27 percent in a year and off 90 percent vs. 2009.
• Riverside: 2,216 filings so far in 2017, off 22 percent in a year and 92 percent below 2009.
• San Bernardino: 1,923 filings to start the year, 25 percent below a year ago and of 91 percent vs. 2009.
• San Diego: 1,568 filings in the first quarter, down 23 percent in a year and 91 percent below 2009
• Orange: 1,383 filings so far in 2017, off 21 percent in a year and down 90 percent vs. 2009.
• Ventura: 445 filings to start the year, 22 percent below a year ago and 89 percent below 2009.
Advertisement
Let me offer a little more reassurance.
Like the national perspective on unpaid bills.
CoreLogic says just 3.1 percent of California mortgages were 30 days or more late, as of January — a broad measure of missed payments. That's down from 3.9 percent a year earlier and well below the national rate of 5.3 percent. Only four states — Colorado, Montana, North Dakota and South Dakota — had better payment rates on their home loans.
Or look at employment, housing's main driver.
California's economy was adding jobs at a 1.9 percent annual pace in February vs. the average 1 percent annualized growth rate the state has produced since 1990. At the start of the last housing debacle, California became a job loser in 2008. The real estate market soon collapsed.
Yes, housing conditions can change rapidly. But warning signs seem pretty muted to date.
Half Girlfriend's New Song ‘Phir Bhi Tumko Chahunga'
The makers of Half Girlfriend have decided to release one of the most awaited tracks from the film, sung by Arijit Singh, tomorrow. The trailer had a glimpse of one of the most awaited songs, Phir Bhi Tumko Chahunga sung by Arijit. The song was an instant hit among the audiences and fans and music lovers have made several covers of the song, which seem to have gone viral already.
Following this, the makers have decided to treat their fans by preponing the song release and give out the full original track, also revealing more of Shraddha and Arjun's romance!
Talking about the song, Anurag Bedi, Business Head of Zee Music Company said, “For the first time, on public demand, we will be releasing a song earlier than scheduled. Mohit's music has a way of striking a chord with audiences, and we're ecstatic with the response to it so far.”
Talking about the amazing response, director Mohit Suri said, “I'm taken aback by the quantum of love and the amount of anticipation around the song. As my reciprocation, I'd like to present the song to my audiences sooner than scheduled. Mithoon, Arijit and I are overwhelmed by all the love.”
Composed by Mithoon, the full song is scheduled to be out on Tuesday. Produced by Balaji Motion Pictures, Mohit Suri and Chetan Bhagat, Half Girlfriend is a cinematic adaptation of Chetan Bhagat's novel of the same name. The film is slated to release on 19th May.
Meri Pyaari Bindu's Next Song ‘Ye Jawaani Teri'
Meanwhile, Yash Raj Films announced a new song Ye Jawaani Teri from their upcoming film Meri Pyaari Bindu on Twitter, which will also be released tomorrow. They tweeted, ‘College throwback mode on! #YeJawaaniTeri SONG OUT TOMORROW.'
Meri Pyaari Bindu, directed by Akshay Roy and produced by Maneesh Sharma stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra in the lead. The film, a romantic drama is all set to hit theatres on 12th May.
So be ready for the double treat tomorrow!
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance arrives to the start of a trial in New York. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, directed Vance to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance arrives to the start of a trial in New York. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, directed Vance to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - New York's governor on Monday ordered the state attorney general to review a 2015 decision by Manhattan prosecutors to not pursue a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
The directive came just hours after Time's Up, an initiative started by a powerhouse group of Hollywood industry women to fight systemic sexual harassment, called on Gov. Andrew Cuomo to investigate.
In a statement, the group said a report in New York Magazine on the handling of the case was disturbing because it suggested the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping them
"It is critical not only that these cases are given the utmost attention but also that there is public confidence in the handling of these cases," Cuomo said in a statement.
Scores of new allegations against Weinstein have surfaced since last fall, and both the New York Police Department and the district attorney's office have said they are working together. But no grand jury has been convened, despite police officials saying publicly they have enough evidence to bring a case. Less than two weeks ago, the police department's chief of detectives said witnesses were ready for the grand jury - but it was up to the district attorney to decide when to convene it. Prosecutors said Monday the case was still under active investigation.
Cuomo, a Democrat, asked that the review be conducted "in a way that does not interfere with the current investigation," but added that the district attorney believes the ongoing investigation will be completed within 45 days.
The New York Magazine article centers on the case of Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. In 2015, police conducted a sting after they accused Weinstein of groping her, secretly recording Weinstein apologizing for this conduct.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. ultimately decided there was not enough proof and did not bring a case. Following criticism over the decision last year, prosecutors said police arranged the sting without their knowledge and there were other proof issues, but police pushed back saying they had presented enough evidence.
Danny Frost, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office, said the allegations in the magazine had "little resemblance to the facts. The office has an "unwavering" commitment to justice in such case and great admiration "for the courageous women and men who have brought about a long-overdue reckoning with decades of intolerable sexual abuse," they said.
They also said the office would provide any necessary information for the review, and was confident it would find the office acted properly.
Vance and Police Commissioner James O'Neill later released a joint statement insisting the two agencies worked collaboratively to hold sexual predators accountable.
"We will continue working collaboratively and professionally to deliver just to victims of crime," they said. "From time to time we'll have our disagreements but we will never allow them to undermine this shared endeavor."
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of their company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
The Time's Up statement said a prosecution of the 2015 case could have prevented other alleged sexual assaults.
"There will only be real consequences for abusive behavior when our public officials, sworn to uphold the law, care as much about the rights of the victim as concerns for the accused."
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they speak publicly, as Battilana Gutierrez has done.
Time's Up was created by about 300 women and includes the producer Shonda Rhimes and actores Reese Witherspoon and America Ferrera.
Adding to the drama late Monday, The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer from a private equity firm almost two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
___
Associated Press writer Tom McElroy contributed to this report.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump look over a helmet they received from Manchester City Fire Chief Daniel Goonan during a visit to the Manchester Central Fire Station in Manchester, N.H., Monday, March 19, 2018. Trump is in New Hampshire to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump look over a helmet they received from Manchester City Fire Chief Daniel Goonan during a visit to the Manchester Central Fire Station in Manchester, N.H., Monday, March 19, 2018. Trump is in New Hampshire to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) - Embracing the tough penalties favored by global strongmen, President Donald Trump on Monday brandished the death penalty as a fitting punishment for drug traffickers fueling the opioid epidemic.
The scourge has torn through the rural and working-class communities that in large numbers voted for Trump. And the president, though they have come under criticism for being slow to unveil their plan, has seized on harsh sentences as key to stopping the plague.
"Toughness is the thing that they most fear," Trump said.
The president made their announcement in New Hampshire, a state hit hard by opioids and an early marker for the re-election campaign they have already announced. Trump called for broadening education and awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. But the backbone of their plan is to toughen punishments for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
"This isn't about nice anymore," Trump said. "This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks. ... I want to win this battle."
The president formalized what they had long mused about: that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer whose product potentially kills thousands.
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that harshly punish dealers. During a trip to Asia last fall, they did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorized extrajudicial killings of drug dealers.
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before Monday's speech, someone compared the two leaders with a sign that said: "Donald J. Duterte."
"Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year," Trump said. "That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty."
They added: "Other countries don't play games ... But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty."
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the "drug kingpin" provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, predicted the issue would go all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
John Blume, a professor and director of Cornell Law School's death penalty program, said the federal drug kingpin law has yielded few "kingpins" or major dealers, mostly ensnaring mid- to low-level minorities involved in the drug trade.
The president's plan drew criticism from some Democrats, including Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois, who said "we can't arrest our way out of the opioid epidemic" and noted that "the war on drugs didn't work in the '80s."
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Much of what Trump highlighted Monday was largely repackaged ideas he's already endorsed.
They called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which they announced in the fall, including broadcasting "great commercials" to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs. They announced a new website, www.crisisnextdoor.gov, where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction.
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years.
The president also discussed how their policies, including building a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing "sanctuary" cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, will help reduce the flow of drugs.
Monday was Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire, which has long occupied a special place in their political rise. They captured their first Republican presidential primary here in 2016, though they narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed they had described New Hampshire as a "drug-infested den." The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away, early jockeying already is happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party's nominee. Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic, visited New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first presidential primary, last week. They told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump - and it could be them if no one steps up.
Meanwhile, the president's daughter, White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump, spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa, which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus.
___
Superville reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Mark Sherman and Sadie Gurman in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville and Jonathan Lemire on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap and http://www.twitter.com/JonLemire
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — The Wisconsin state Assembly planned a committee vote Monday on a $3 billion tax incentive package for Taiwan-based Foxconn Technology Group, the start of what could be an intense month of legislative action to approve the massive deal.
The Assembly's jobs and economy committee scheduled a vote Monday afternoon on a new version of the bill that attempts to address some concerns raised by critics that the state is giving away too much to land the plant that could employ thousands of people.
Approval by the Republican-controlled committee would set up a vote by the full Assembly on Thursday. The Legislature's budget committee could hold a hearing on the measure early next week, with a vote in the Republican-controlled Senate sometime shortly after that.
Democrats have said majority Republicans are moving too quickly on the measure, which would waive a host of state environmental regulations and requirements in addition to extending billions in tax breaks.
Even so, Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos said last week they expected the bill to pass with bipartisan support. Foxconn is eyeing locations in Kenosha and Racine counties in southeast Wisconsin, areas of the state that include several Democratic lawmakers. It also is considering a secondary site in Dane County, a Democratic stronghold.
The proposal must clear both the state Assembly and Senate in identical form and be signed by Gov. Scott Walker before taking effect. Walker negotiated the deal, which was announced by President Donald Trump with great fanfare about two weeks ago.
That deal requires the Legislature must pass the bill by Sept. 30. Foxconn has said it may invest $10 billion on the plant that would open in 2020 with 3,000 but could expand to 13,000 people within six years.
Concerns about what the state is offering Foxconn increased last week when the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau said it will take at least 25 years for Wisconsin taxpayers to break even on the proposed incentives. It would take Wisconsin longer to break even depending on how many workers at the plant come from Illinois, the analysis said.
The Assembly committee planned to vote on making some changes to the bill to address those concerns, but key provisions related to the tax breaks and exempting Foxconn from filing a state environmental impact statement would remain.
Under the bill, for every acre of wetland disturbed on the Foxconn site, two acres would have to be restored. The amendment up for a committee vote Monday would say those should be in the same watershed, if possible.
The committee is slated to vote on tying payroll tax credits to the number of jobs Foxconn creates that pay between $30,000 and $100,000. The bill would also be changed to call for state officials to include terms in any contract with the company that encourage hiring Wisconsin residents, addressing concerns that many of the workers would come from neighboring Illinois.
The committee was also to vote on spending $20 million on worker training to help create a pipeline for high-tech workers who would be needed at the plant.
If constructed as promised, the Foxconn facility would be the first liquid crystal display monitor manufacturing plant outside of Asia.
___
Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Pittsburg School Board members met tonight to discuss bond projects.
One of them the one for the middle school.
The plan had been to be into the bid-accepting phase of things by now.
But that isn't the case, just yet.
Destry Brown: "I thought we might be breaking ground right now or in January on most of the projects, but we're not going to be that until later."
Pittsburg Superintendent Destry Brown was ready to get dirt moving on many of the bond projects including work here at the middle school, but there- were some last minute changes.
Brown: "We are just, constantly, making adjustments and trying to make sure every base is covered before we put it out for bid."
Those changes though, involve more than meets the eye.
Brown: "There are a lot of people that are involved in all of the drawings, so we have engineers, we have in some cases, like, kitchen planners for the ones that have kitchens, we've got lots of different people involved outside of even architects."
It's right here, 13th and Elm, that the additions to the middle school will be made, once the project is officially bid out.
Those additions are a new gymnasium, a weight room, and locker rooms.
It will also require the city to vacate 13th and Elm streets to make room for new parking and bus routes.
Superintendent Brown says that even though the bid process has been pushed back, the wait for work to begin, won't be that long.
Brown: "So, it would be the February board meeting the bids would be accepted, that's the schedule that I have right now, and then they usually start construction about two weeks after that."
Brown also told us that the major work on the high school is expected to begin next summer.
London - When they gave birth to their 20th child last year, Sue Radford insisted it would be them last.
But it would appear some habits are hard to break – as they are expecting another baby this year.
Mrs Radford, 43, and their husband Noel, 46, are set to have another girl – almost 30 years after their first child was born.
Announcing the newest arrival online with an ultrasound scan photo, they said: ‘We can't wait to welcome you into the family precious little one.'
Astonishingly, the only state support Mr and Mrs Radford claim is child benefit and they have no credit cards or finance agreements. And despite being Britain's biggest family, they still have a foreign holiday every year.
The couple, who live in a £240,000 ten-bedroom Victorian house in Morecambe, Lancashire, rely on the successful bakery business they run where Mr Radford earns almost £50,000 a year. The children are also expected to work when old enough.
Chris – the oldest at 29 – is a scaffolder and other children work in the shop.
Mr Radford pops home at 7.45am most days, after an early start in the bakery, allowing them to help get the younger children ready for school. They drive a minibus which can carry nine passengers.
An estimated £30,000 a year is spent on bringing up the family, including birthday budgets of £100 each and Christmas spending of no more than £250 per child.
Bath and bedtimes take place between 6pm and 9pm and the parents collapse into bed at 10pm.
Love this picture 😍 A post shared by Radford Family (@theradfordfamily) on Jan 6, 2018 at 11:05am PST
The couple had Chris when Mrs Radford was just 14.
Second child Sophie was born when their mother was 17, shortly after Mr and Mrs Radford married. The line-up of children at present is Chris, Sophie, Chloe, Jack, Daniel, Luke, Millie, Katie, James, Ellie, Aimee, Josh, Max, Tillie, Oscar, Caspar, Hallie, Phoebe and baby number 20 – Archie. Another son, Alfie, was stillborn in 2014.
The children's ages range from 29 years to eight months, meaning the newest addition later this year will be about three decades younger than their oldest sibling. The couple is also grandparents through Sophie, 24, who has three children.
After Archie was born, the family appeared on ITV's This Morning, where Mrs Radford insisted: ‘Archie is definitely going to be the last Radford baby.'
Daily Mail
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Duop Reath scored a career-high 30 points and Tremont Waters added 20 as LSU beat UNC Wilmington 97-84 on Sunday.
Reath, who added five rebounds, made 13 of 17 from the field in 27 minutes, often utilizing a jump hook. Their previous high scoring game was 23 points on two occasions. Waters added 10 assists and nine rebounds while making 7 of 8 from the free-throw line. They also had seven turnovers. Skylar Mays had 14 points on five-of-six shooting and Wayde Sims scored 11 for LSU (5-2).
“I just felt good, my teammates got me some touches and made my job easier,” said Reath, a 6 -11 senior forward. “Coach told us they would be defending one-on-one in the post and there wouldn't be a lot of help. I just had to catch the ball and finish through the contact.
Jordon Talley led UNCW (2-5) with 22 points and seven assists. Jaquel Richmond had 16 points on seven-of-11 shooting and Ty Taylor scored 15.
UNCW's leading scorer and the nation's leading rebounder, Devontae Cacok, sat out the first half because of a team rule violation. They entered the game averaging 19.3 points and 13.0 rebounds per game and finished with 10 points and four boards.
UNCW trimmed a 16-point halftime deficit to 73-65 when LSU turned the momentum. Daryl Edwards converted a 4-point play with 7:38 left and Mays a 3-point play on the next possession for an 80-65 lead. The Seahawks got no closer than 11 points after that. It was the second consecutive victory for LSU, which was coming off an 11-day break for final exams.
LSU coach Will Wade said their team showed defensive improvement but wasn't happy with the 16 turnovers.
“It was a good win,” Wade said. “Funky things can happen coming out of exams, so I thought our guys handled business.
“Duop did a good job of keeping balance and being able to score the ball. We were better today defensively. They hit some tough shots and are really a good team offensively. Our guys stuck to the game plan. You are going to have to give up something. I'm more concerned that our turnover numbers are too high. We'll have to be a lot better on Wednesday when we play Houston.”
LSU led 52-36 at halftime, pulling away in the final five minutes after a technical foul on Wade for protesting a charging call. After UNCW made a technical free throw with 4:25 left, Waters scored six points, and assisted on a dunk by Reath, who had 19 points in the first half.
“We did a nice job early in the game and they hadn't gotten into a rhythm yet,” UNCW coach C.B. McGrath said. “It was a five- or six-point ballgame and we got a little tired. Some of our guys started to sit out and they went on an eight-point run.
“We didn't get some shots that we should have. We didn't get the stops we needed, and some silly fouls turned into three-point plays. That really swung the momentum.”
LSU shot 63.6 percent from the field (21 of 33), including 5 of 10 from 3-point range, while UNCW shot 35.3 (12 of 34) in the first half. The Tigers finished with a 40-29 edge on the boards.
UP NEXT
LSU: Plays host to Houston Wednesday, the second of five straight home games.
UNCW: Visits UNC Greensboro on Wednesday and returns home to play Furman next Sunday
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
× Ant-Man and the Wasp
My wife had the weirdest reaction when we left the movie. They were mad the women next to them laughed at everything. They then said, “You were laughing a lot, too.”
I replied, “I did laugh a few times, but a lot of the jokes didn't land.”
They were then surprised when I said, “I kind of liked it.” And then I had to say that phrase I hate when people say if you didn't like a movie they liked — “Well, you didn't see the first one.”
It was hardly necessary that you see the first Ant-Man (which I felt was unfairly knocked by many people). I didn't think this was as good as the first, but it was light, breezy entertainment on a hot summer day.
The ant puns got old quick, but it fit Ant-Man (Paul Rudd). He's either charming, or he's trying to be. The Wasp (Evangeline Lilly) has nice chemistry with him, and the supporting cast all brings a little something to the table. Well, Bobby Cannavale wasn't given enough to do. Neither was Michelle Pfeiffer, but they made the most of their few scenes. Michael Pena is always fun, and they had a hysterical scene after he's injected with truth serum.
Walton Goggins was a great villain, as they were in Tarantino's The Hateful Eight and Django Unchained, as well as last year in Tomb Raider.
Randall Park cracked me up, as the FBI agent that's always checking to see if Scott (Paul Rudd) is honoring their house arrest or sneaking out.
Laurence Fishburne, who is great in everything (check them out in last year's Last Flag Flying), is a former colleague of Hank Pym (Michael Douglas).
A second villain (Ghost) shows up, and it's refreshing that they don't want to destroy the planet or blow up a building. I reasons for trying to steal equipment are a lot more selfish. Ghost (Hannah John-Kamen) has a few great fight scenes and thankfully, the action sequences were a bit more restrained than the usual superhero films.
The movie has a lot of expository dialogue explaining things (Scott even jokes, “Do you guys just throw the word ‘quantum' in front of everything?”). The basic plotlines have Hank trying to find their wife, who got lost on one of their early missions. And Ghost wants to steal Hank's lab so they can correct the things that have messed up their body. Goggins' character just wants to steal Hank's portable lab because of all the money they can make selling the technology to other bad guys.
There were five writers involved in this (one of them being Paul Rudd), and that's usually not a good sign. Sure, a lot of this doesn't flow together as well as it should, but director Peyton Reed (Bring it On, Ant-Man, Yes Man…and probably a few other “man” movies I can't think of) did a serviceable job.
This is one of those films that had a lot of the good stuff ruined because you saw it in the trailer. For example, Ant-Man and the Wasp fighting together in a kitchen, which is an awful lot of fun.
There are a few interesting set pieces, and some fun gags when the Ant-Man suit malfunctions. One of those involve Ant-Man becoming the size of a tyke, while he's roaming the halls of an elementary school in search of something in their daughter's backpack.
Perhaps if I didn't have superhero fatigue, I would've liked this more. I did like it more than my wife, and I doubt now she'll ever go back to catch the first one.
3 stars out of 5.
Only Chris Elliott could make an apocalypse more uncomfortable. The Master of Wackadoodle joins Last Man on Earth this Sunday (9:30/8:30c on Fox) as new castaway Glenn, and we have an exclusive first look at their super-creepy introduction.
The episode picks up mere moments after last week's premiere left off, with the Tandy-less gang in full-tilt freakout mode following their fearful leader's kidnapping at the hands of Kristen Wiig's Pamela. There's also the little matter of them being stranded on a seemingly deserted island. Just as tensions begin to flare, the gang hears a suspicious noise coming from the nearby bushes and Todd bravely volunteers to take a closer look. And… that's when things go from weird to weirder to downright freaky.
Press PLAY above to watch the before, then scroll down to view the after.
Speech to Text for Soup Bowl benefit helps feed thousands in local community
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
terre haute catholic charities held the 8th annual "soup bowl" benefit tonight. more than 12 thousand children in our community go hungry.. which is why the group is raising money -- through this event -- to help those in need. "i think a lot of people in our community don't recognize the fact that there's actually more than 41 thousand people living here in west central indiana who are food insecure so they don't know where their next meal is coming from." the event is expected to raise more than 20 thousand dollars.. that money will help give an extra 80 thousand meals to those in our community .. winter is continuing
Penn State has closed the doors on its 98-year-old Outing Club on the grounds that it threatens “student safety.”
The Penn State Outing has offered students the opportunity to engage in hiking, canoeing, kayaking, trail building and other activities of the sort for almost a century. Now, it has closed its doors after university administrators decided that these activities are too dangerous for students.
“This is a result of an assessment of risk management by the university that determined that the types of activities in which PSOC engages are above the university's threshold of acceptable risk for recognized student organizations,” the announcement about the group's closure reads.
Two similar Penn State clubs were also forced to shut down. The Nittany Grotto Caving Club and the Nittany Divers SCUBA Club were also victims of the administration's recent risk assessment evaluation.
In a comment to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the president of the Outing Club, student Richard Waltz, said that Penn State officials made the decision unilaterally. “Safety is a legitimate concern, but it wasn't an open dialogue. What's happening to the club is a shame and negatively impacts the student experience,” Waltz said.
In a conversation on Penn State's Reddit page, members of the community blasted the university for shutting down the club. “They should just go a step further and ban students from stepping outside because there are squirrels and rabbits out and it would be too risky,” one user wrote.
Other users chided the university, accusing it of hypocrisy for propping up the university's popular football program while shutting down the Outing Club.
“In other news, football which leads to a ton of concussions and brain damage is A-OK because it makes the University a metric butt-ton of money. I'm done donating to this University, it's not the one I fell in love with,” another user wrote.
Umbro has chosen its first major female ambassador: U.S. National women's soccer player Ashlyn Harris. Them first campaign, for fall, was shot in Harris' hometown of Cocoa Beach, Fla., and features the champion goalie wearing both on- and off-field apparel.
“My first memory of Umbro was when I refused to take off my orange and purple Umbro checkerboard shorts for church at five years old,” said Harris, who is also a FIFA World Cup champion. “I won that battle, and that drive to express myself and stay true to myself, even as a kid, is why I'm so excited about my partnership with Umbro. The brand is the original, and they understand the way the culture of football and the product they create inspires passion, commitment and courage on-and-off the field."
Three immigrant women organizers fired from New Sanctuary Movement, say they sought ouster of white male director
Three immigrant women organizers fired from New Sanctuary Movement, say they sought ouster of white male director Mar 19
Jeff Gammage, a staff writer, was part of the five-reporter team that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for public service. He's the author of China Ghosts: My Daughter's Journey to America, My Passage to Fatherhood , and has written about adoption for publications including the New York Times.  They are a 1982 graduate of James Madison University, and a recipient of the school's Ronald E. Carrier Distinguished Alumni Achievement Award.
A Feb. 13 confrontation between sanctuary leaders and ICE agents helped lead three New Sanctuary Movement organizers to demand the dismissal of their boss, executive director Peter Pedemonti.
The New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia, a builder of robust resistance to Trump administration immigration policies, has erupted in conflict after three immigrant organizers said they were fired last week after demanding the ouster of the agency director, whom they called “incompetent.”
The three described executive director Peter Pedemonti, the group's co-founder, as disconnected and unaccountable — and said they exposed one of them to personal risk at a February protest, when they summoned them to speak to Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents despite knowing their immigration status was unsettled.
“If they were careless enough to put one of us — whom they had regular contact with — in direct and ongoing danger,” wrote Sheila Quintana, Jazmin Delgado, and Cynthia Oka in a public letter, “then what would stop them from being careless with immigrants that they do not know personally?”
Their letter described Pedemonti as a white male citizen of the United States, while the dismissed workers are “immigrant women, gender nonconforming and queer organizers.”
Pedemonti referred questions to the agency board when contacted Monday.
The dismissals halve New Sanctuary Movement's staff, calling into question the viability of a front-line, interfaith agency that has built an esteemed reputation over the last decade. Since President Trump's election, NSM, as it is known, has worked on overdrive, mounting street protests, engaging new partners, and providing legal assistance to immigrants.
The firings also create uncertainty around a contentious church sanctuary case in North Philadelphia, where an undocumented Mexican family of five has sought to avoid deportation by taking refuge inside the Church of the Advocate. Two of the dismissed workers, Quintana and Delgado, have been especially close to Carmela Apolonio Hernandez and their four children, serving as their key links to the outside world.
Oka, the third worker, led NSM's effort to organize the region's growing Indonesian population. Oka brought clergy and cultural leaders together with NSM to assert immigrant rights.
The workers' letter — and its call for donors to judge NSM anew — roiled the world of immigrant-justice-and-assistance agencies, especially at a time when the administration is pushing hard against legal and illegal immigration to the United States.
“New Sanctuary does great work, and I have real concerns for their clients,” said a leader at one major support organization, who did not want to be named discussing another agency. “This is not the time for us to be splitting apart. … We are under siege at all levels.”
The NSM board on Monday assigned assistant director Blanca Pacheco to speak for the agency. They declined to comment on whether Pedemonti might step down.
“He has been an effective leader, who has actually used their privilege to bring [forward] the voices of immigrant leadership,” they said. “He made an unfortunate mistake once in their 10 years. … We acknowledge the need to take serious measures to make sure we prevent that in the future.”
The facts of the matter are complicated, multifaceted, and painful for all involved, they said. Much of the blame, they said, lies with the Trump administration's relentless pressure on immigrant communities, which has left NSM staffers weary, overworked, and traumatized.
It was the board, the three workers wrote, that fired them Thursday. That was slightly more than two weeks after a Feb. 27 meeting at which the staffers say they went to the board and were promised confidentially, nonretaliation, and a response to their complaints about Pedemonti.
They wanted assurance that any legal fees resulting from ICE enforcement action against a coworker would be paid by NSM. The three did not identify which of them carried uncertain immigration status. They asked the board to fire Pedemonti within three months, to allow for a reasonable transition.
That didn't happen. Instead, they wrote, they were informed by the board that the conflict “is beyond resolution. and your termination is the best thing for the organization.”
The three said “it felt like we were being essentially ‘deported' on the spot [by] an organization whose stated mission is to ‘end injustices against immigrants regardless of immigration status, express radical welcome for all, and ensure that values of dignity, justice and hospitality are lived out in practice and upheld in policy.'”
Quintana declined to comment on Monday. Efforts to reach Delgado and Oka were unsuccessful.
Pedemonti co-founded NSM a decade ago to oppose immigration raids and deportations that were happening then. A first-generation U.S. citizen, son of English and Italian immigrants, they have been active in social justice movements since 2001.
From its offices in Kensington, NSM serves mostly Latino and Indonesian communities. Less than a year after Trump's inauguration, NSM's caseload had doubled to about 100 people, and it had signed on nine new member congregations, raising the total to 28.
Quintana, Delgado and Oka were key to that work.
Among other duties, Delgado worked as “accompaniment coordinator,” helping with translations and serving as support and witness for immigrant families called to court.
Oka, an immigrant from Indonesia and Canada with experience in justice campaigns, held the title of community organizer, as did Quintana, a Mexican immigrant who grew up in Chester County and worked with groups including the Migrant Power Movement.
In their letter, they called on NSM's board members to step down.
They described the breaking point with Pedemonti as occurring during a Feb. 13 demonstration outside the Center City offices of ICE, an immigration enforcement arm of the Homeland Security Department.
About 40 singing, sign-waving demonstrators massed on the sidewalk, demanding that Hernandez and their children be allowed to leave the church and live freely while pursuing their legal case for asylum. Church leaders and elected representatives were to help present ICE officials with 3,220 signatures on petitions supporting the family.
The plan, the three former workers said, was for Pedemonti to take the lead, because they were safe as a U.S. citizen. But just before the protest began, they said, they called out a staffer's name and beckoned them to come into the ICE offices.
There they introduced them to an ICE executive and explained their relationship to the sanctuary campaign, the workers said. The ICE official wrote down them name.
“We believe the executive director's failure to minimize exposure of immigrant staff to the agency perpetrating harm against our communities is unconscionable,” the three wrote.
They said the board told them Pedemonti's sharing of the name was an unintentional mistake.
“That is not the point,” they wrote. “We were never interested in punishment, but in removing a leader who put one of their own team members in danger. … Intention does not mitigate impact.”
Plenty of fishermen and women were in Carthage Saturday for the National Fishing Lure Collectors Club's 31st Annual Carthage Antique Fish and Tackle Show.
There were more than 110 tables set up, featuring vendors from all over the country. Shoppers could check out hundreds of antique fishing lures ranging in price from $2-$5000. There was also a large collection of both antique and modern fishing poles to check out.
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Raiders quarterback Derek Carr was limited for a second consecutive practice Friday and coach Jack Del Rio declined to say what, if any, role Carr will have this weekend against the Baltimore Ravens.
Carr broke a bone in their back late in the third quarter of Oakland's 16-10 loss in Denver this past Sunday. They were initially diagnosed with back spasms but the injury was later revealed to be a transverse process fracture.
Earlier this week, Del Rio indicated that Carr would miss the Baltimore game and possibly up to six weeks but the fourth-year quarterback was cleared for light practice Thursday and Friday and is listed as questionable.
Carr leads a long list of players on the injury list. Del Rio declined to discuss any of them.
"Before you even have to ask, there are a lot of question marks on the injury report and that's what they are," Del Rio said. "I'm not going to really talk about injuries and what we may and may not do or who we may or may not play or when and all that kind of stuff, when we're going to utilize people. Not going to get into all of that.
"We do have a number of people who are questionable. We have time before we tee it up. They'll remain a question mark until we make the final decision."
The Raiders have already named EJ Manuel as the starter for Sunday. The 16th overall pick in 2013, Manuel has started seven games since their rookie season and will be tasked with trying to jump-start an offence that has been held to 10 points in each of the last two weeks.
"I've been in this situation before even when I was in college," Manuel said. "Then when I was in Buffalo, when Tyrod (Taylor) became the starter, still just being ready as the backup. It kind of puts me in familiar territory."
Connor Cook, a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, also is on the roster but has been inactive in each of Oakland's first four games.
The Raiders have been mostly quiet regarding Carr's status this week, although left tackle Donald Penn told reporters Thursday that the quarterback was ahead of schedule in their recovery.
The tunnel was found right in the city center, where the former Berlin Wall was located. Its construction is said to have been initiated by a German man named Karl Weinstein, who was separated from their own daughter when the wall was erected.
An 80-meter-long tunnel connecting the eastern and western parts of Berlin was accidently discovered in the Mauerpark in Prenzlauer Berg district during construction works almost 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Archeologists believe that the find is sensational, and hope that the tunnel can be presented to the German public "in its original condition."
"This is the first tunnel we have discovered in the inner city area, namely on Bernauer Strasse. For over 10 years I have been accompanying the work at the Berlin Wall Memorial. So far, we have not been able to find an escape tunnel. This is the first uncovered tunnel in the middle of the city," chief archeologist Torsten Dressler told Sputnik Germany.
© Photo: Andreas Klug A DDR-era escape tunnel found in Berlin
Mauerpark is a public park in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district. Its name can be translated to "Wall Park," indicating its status as a former part of the Berlin Wall.
Residential houses and other buildings in the area were located in the immediate vicinity of the former barrier. In the first days after its erection, many residents of East Berlin sought, by any means necessary, to escape, and jumped straight from the windows of these buildings onto sheets stretched out by their friends and relatives below.
READ MORE: Ex-Chancellor Kohl 'Took Germany's Fate in Their Hands' After Berlin Wall Fall
The area became the place with the largest number of underground tunnels due to the short distance between houses on the east and west sides of the wall.
© AP Photo/ Lionel Cironneau November 9: 27 Years After Fall of Berlin Wall, Trump Pledges to Build Another
"Thanks to the maps, we know there used to be a freight station in the Mauerpark, and this has a very special meaning as the buildings of the freight station stood very close to the Berlin wall , just at the border. These were ideal conditions for tunnel builders and they dug straight from the borderline over to the east," Dressler explained.
The tunnel will be named after its initiator Karl Weinstein, who was separated from their own daughter overnight when the Wall was built.
"On the day of the wall's construction, Karl Weinstein and their wife were in West Berlin. But their daughter stayed with their in-laws in East Berlin. They could not see their own child anymore. That's why they came up with the idea to build this tunnel. They found material, accommodation, people, equipment and food [in order to achieve their goal]," Dressler said.
The tunnel, however, was not finished, as one of the members of the construction team was betrayed by a woman whom they had an affair with. The woman, who turned out to be the wife of a border control officer, informed their husband about the construction and the whole affair was uncovered shortly before the planned completion of the construction.
"This, of course, was a terrible blow. When such stories come up, even historians and archaeologists can't help but be touched to the core," Dressel said.
Over 70 tunnels were dug in Berlin, mainly in the early 1960s. Most of them were discovered by the East German authorities, but 19 of them managed to help more than 300 people escape to the West.
The main task is now to maintain the tunnel in its original form. The authorities and the city's water service have already expressed their readiness to assist.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - Construction workers in Iran may have unearthed the mummified remains of Reza Shah Pahlavi, the father of the country's last monarch, nearly four decades after the Islamic Revolution toppled the dynasty.
The recent find of the gauze-wrapped body has triggered intense speculation and revived discussion of Iran's dynastic past, which the clerically-run government has spent decades trying to suppress. A mob demolished Reza Shah's tomb shortly after the 1979 revolution, and the family lives in exile.
The monarchy's widespread abuses did much to fuel the revolution, but its mystique persists as Iran grapples with economic woes and calls for reform ahead of the 40th anniversary of the uprising.
Reza Shah's grandson, the U.S.-based exiled Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi, has tweeted that they believe the remains to be those of their grandfather even as Iran waits for forensic experts to determine whose body they found.
Workers discovered the mummified remains while on a project at the Shiite shrine of Abdul Azim, whose minarets rise behind the site where Reza Shah's mausoleum once stood. A digger pulling away dirt and debris uncovered the body, according to the semi-official ISNA news agency.
Pictures of the body, as well as one man posing with it, quickly ricocheted across social media in Iran.
A spokesperson for the shrine dismissed the idea of a mummy being found there. However, Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran City Council's cultural heritage and tourism committee, was quoted by the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday as saying it's "possible" the mummy is the body of Reza Shah.
Authorities say they'll need to conduct DNA tests to confirm whose body it is.
State television has yet to report on the find, likely due to restrictions on discussing the Pahlavis.
State media typically refer to the Persian dynasties, including the Pahlavis, as "despotic," focusing on the abuses of the monarchs' feared SAVAK intelligence agency and their lavish lifestyles.
Reza Shah's own rise gave birth to modern Iran, which was still called Persia until they ordered foreign diplomats to cease using the name. They came to power in 1925, ruling as an absolute autocrat who used taxes and the country's burgeoning oil revenues to rapidly modernize the nation.
Their decisions echo today, particularly their 1936 decree banning women from wearing long, flowing black robes known as chadors. They ordered men to wear Western clothes and bring their wives to public functions with their hair uncovered, borrowing from the secularization of the Turkish leader Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, a contemporary.
The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women. Shiite clerics, angry over their secular beliefs, purges and mass arrests of opponents, held grudges that would foment the coming revolution. Controversies over the chador and hijab persist in Iran today .
Iran's strong trade ties with Germany, Reza Shah's push for neutrality in World War II and Western fears over its oil supplies falling to the Nazis ultimately sparked a Russian-British invasion of the country in 1941. Reza Shah abdicated in favor of their son, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, at the insistence of the occupying British forces.
Reza Shah died in South Africa in 1944. Their body was taken to Cairo, mummified and remained there for years before being brought to Iran. It was placed in a grand mausoleum near Tehran, which then-President Richard Nixon visited in 1972.
After 1979, however, Islamists viewed the mausoleum as an affront.
Iranian cleric Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, who ordered the executions of hundreds after the revolution, led a mob of supporters who used sledgehammers, jackhammers and other tools to demolish the mausoleum.
Khalkhali later would write in their memoirs that they believed the shah's family took Reza Shah's body when they fled the country. The shah's family, however, maintained the body remained in Iran. Their son Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was buried in Cairo after dying of cancer in 1980.
Today, Iran's youth remain fascinated by the time before the revolution. Television period pieces have focused on the Pahlavi dynasty, including the recent state TV series "The Enigma of the Shah," the most expensive series ever produced to air in the country. While incorporating romances or mobsters into the tales, all shows uniformly criticize the royal court.
Reza Shah's grandson, Reza Pahlavi, has seen their profile rise following the election of President Donald Trump, who appears to hold the future of the Iran nuclear deal in the balance. From exile, the crown prince has agitated for an end to Iran's theocracy. Gauging national sentiment about restoring the monarchy remains impossible.
Pahlavi took to Twitter on Tuesday to say they believed the remains were their grandfather's, asking Iranians to offer condolences online and take part in peaceful demonstrations. They earlier warned Iran's current government "not to hide anything."
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
By The Associated Press
CINCINNATI (AP) — The defense is set to present its case in the Ohio murder retrial of a former University of Cincinnati police officer.
Attorneys for Ray Tensing will start calling witnesses Thursday, with Tensing themselves expected to take the stand as early as Friday.
The state rested its case Wednesday after Dr. Karen Looman of the Hamilton County coroner's office testified that Sam DuBose died instantly from a bullet fired into their head at a downward angle. Tensing looked away as graphic autopsy photos were shown in court.
Tensing, who is white, is charged in the 2015 traffic-stop shooting of the unarmed black motorist.
Tensing they have said they feared for their life as DuBose tried to drive away.
Their first trial ended in a hung jury in November.
Kingsoft Software has released an updated version of their (proprietary) office productivity software for Linux.WPS Office 2016 for Linux is the company's latest Linux build. This new Linux version adds support for remote file sharing, search functionality, improved I/O, and various other features. More details for WPS Office 2016 for Linux can be found via WPS.com While this office suite for Linux is not open-source, it is available for a free download. More details on their Linux version here Have you used WPS Office? Do you see a need for any other office suite on Linux besides LibreOffice? Let us know your thoughts in the forums.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui-starrer Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, which has been in the news for the 48 cuts suggested by the censor board, projects some uncomfortable truths about society, says its writer Ghalib Asad Bhopali.
Bhopali told IANS that while writing the film they never imagined the rustic movie will land in any controversy. The trailer of the movie gives a hint of the intimacy and abusive language used in the movie.
Asked if they had kept the consequences at the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) in mind while writing the film, Bhopali said, “No. The film is the reflection of our society where the character Babu played by Nazaw Bhai is a contract killer because they lived through poverty all their childhood. Our film deals with some uncomfortable truths of the society, it's nothing titillating.”
The writer said they researched and met many people in real life to give shape to the story of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. Giving an insight, they said, “There are people whom we call criminal because of their activity… But what they did is probably not by choice. In our film, the character said that they killed a man throwing stones because of two bananas, as the child was hungry for days… And they learnt to use pistols from other inmates in jail.
Trending :
“So, you understand what I mean? Unfortunately, when children took up guns and start getting into crime no one warned them about what they are doing, and later they got stuck.”
According to him, none of the criminals they have come across so far feel proud of their work rather they regret, but cannot get out of the vicious cycle that they are in.
“We have seen one slice of the crime world in Indian cinema which is quite glamorous. This story (‘Babumoshai…') shows another side of that world. If you think it is dirty and uncomfortable, that is what our society is.
“You know, it reminds me of Sadaat Hasan Manto who once said, ‘If you cannot bear these stories then the society is unbearable'.”
Featuring Bidita Bag and Divya Dutta among others, Babumoshai Bandookbaaz “slated to release on August 25.
You've seen the PlayStation 4 in black, now it's time to marvel at the PS4 in white. Or "Glacier White" in capitals as it's officially called.
Captured behind glass at a closed-doors Sony Entertainment Europe exhibit at this year's E3 expo in Los Angeles, we were able to get a first look, as shown in the pictures below.
Dressed in a gloss white we think the special edition PS4, complete with Glacier White DualShock 4 controller - which will be released on 9 September bundled with Destiny - looks rather fetching. The front of the unit has a very subtle texture to it too.
As it's part of a special package, however, the white PS4 will cost a little more than the standard model. There's no official UK price just yet, but with the US $449 and EU €439 price structure, we would think £399 will be about right. Understandable considering you'll be paying for the cover price of Destiny in addition to month's subscription to PlayStation Plus.
A separate camo print DualShock 4 controller was also spied behind the glass, which will be sold separately.
Isle of Wight Living Guide - 2016
Published annually, the Isle of Wight Living Guide is a resident's ideal guide to…
Town Agencies
County Agencies
Federal Agencies
Cultural Activities
Recreational Activities
Education
Health
Public Safety
Religion
State Government
Voter Information
And now you can download a digital version of it at no charge! Just click below.
Unisecure Data Centers is a smart Web hosting provider which grow with clients requirement and negotiate for special deals in hosting plans.
Philadelphia, US, 3rd July 2018 | Unisecure Data Centers is into web hosting Industry more than Two decade experience, offering bundle of Web Hosting solutions for Cloud Hosting Services, VPS hosting and Dedicated Servers. Now offering price discount on Web Hosting Solutions. Unisecure helps you to identify what are your need considering future growth of your website, like Hosting Tools, Control panels, Security, Technical support etc.
Why Unisecure Web Hosting Services?
On today's US footprint – Unisecure is the best and all-rounder Web Hosting Service provider who offer services for individuals, small/Big Enterprises for WordPress and Ecommerce hosting.
“We discover and offer the latest Technologies because our customers are premium for us” said Head – Marketing, Unisecure LLC”. When you start any Business, it is very necessary to spend least as possible to save on your capital. A low priced web hosting packages is really effective investment to start with. It is also very important to get potential and genuine customers in starting phase of your Business.
At Unisecure's we have multiple web hosting packages are available for your Individual and Business Websites.
Benefits of Web Hosting Services with Unisecure:
Reliability
Customer Support
Guaranteed Up-time
Control & Security of the Content/Data
Personalized Email Solutions
About Unisecure Data Centers
Unisecure Data Centers is one of the best and leading web Hosting service providers. Our Technical experts, Information Technology and Design Team, Optimize the deployment of our own servers located in Philadelphia and Conshohocken Location which is US embed with Information Security Management System (ISMS) to examine risks and develop better processes for security our data centers are most secure and reliable. Our offering are including Cloud Server Hosting, Virtual private Server (VPS Hosting), affordable dedicated server hosting, Colocation services with 24x7x365 Rapid Action Support and 99.999% Uptime Guarantee, high-density redundant power, flexible configurations, carrier-neutral facilities.
Unisecure is productively maintained a Secure and reliable data center environment with robust technology, high-availability and physical security, so you never have to take the burden of data loss or security breach. We are having more than 650+ experiencec professionals with proven records in Web Services in US. We have 50000+ customers over 17 countries including brands such as Canon, DHL, HP, Microsoft, Pepsi, Mc Donalds and much more.
For more information about their services, visit our Website
Media Contact
Jennifer Thomas
Contact: +1 347 960 6628
Email: jennifer@unisecure.com
Unisecure Data Centers, US.
(Philadelphia & Conshohocken)
CHICAGO (CNN) -- Jessica has lived in the United States for almost 18 years. Them husband and their four children are American citizens.
And they are terrified of being ripped away from their family and sent back to Mexico, a country that is no longer their home.
"I wake up at night and I can't sleep just thinking about it," the 50-year-old woman told CNN, holding back tears. (Jessica is not their real name; because of their fears of being deported, CNN is not revealing their identity.)
Jessica crossed the border in 1999 and made it all the way to Chicago, where they built a family and a new life. But she's never gotten their green card. And now, like many immigrants in the new, border-tightening era of President Donald Trump, they are facing an uncertain future.
Mostly, they worry about their youngest children, ages 15 to 21.
"It's tough to think I'd be leaving them behind," they said, their voice breaking. "If I get deported, what's going to be of them?"
Prayer is Jessica's only solace. That, and the church they attend in their largely Mexican-American neighborhood on Chicago's lower west side. Lincoln United Methodist Church is a "sanctuary church," or a place that promises to provide shelter and support for undocumented immigrants.
For its pastor, Emma Lozano, the church's mission is personal.
"I feel like they are my children," Lozano told CNN. "They are coming after my children and it's been extremely difficult and I want to stand up for them and I want to defend them."
A 'sanctuary movement'?
Since Trump took office almost a month ago, the number of churches in the United States willing to offer sanctuary has doubled to 800, according the Rev. Noel Anderson, national grassroots coordinator at Church World Service, a faith-based organization that helps the less fortunate.
"The faith community in general, after the election, were looking for 'what can we do' to support the immigrant community," Anderson said. "And the sanctuary movement offered a concrete way for people to respond and show support and solidarity with undocumented people."
The movement has spread beyond churches. More than 6,000 Americans have signed a pledge through Groundswell, an online social action platform, agreeing to open up their homes, churches, schools, hospitals, college campuses and community centers to immigrants in fear.
Any church or group can pledge to become a sanctuary. But that doesn't mean the immigrants they shelter are protected from deportation.
"The Immigration and Nationality law doesn't use the word sanctuary at all," said Leon Fresco, a former assistant attorney general at the Department of Justice's Office of Immigration Litigation. "It (sanctuary church) is more of a political term."
There also is a criminal law that prohibits harboring an undocumented immigrant. But Fresco doubts anyone would exercise it to go after a priest or a pastor.
"I don't think I've ever seen a church that has ever been prosecuted for harboring; but certainly the law permits that," they told CNN.
"I don't know what jury you could get to convict somebody in that situation," Fresco added. "It could end up being more damaging than anything else."
'I ask for the softening of the heart'
Lozano and Lincoln United Methodist have a long history of sheltering undocumented immigrants.
In 2006 the pastor gave refuge to Elvira Arellano, an undocumented immigrant from Mexico whose story made national headlines. Arellano became a face of the immigration debate and Lozano's church -- then nearby Adalberto United Methodist Church -- became a symbol of the sanctuary church movement. (Arellano was deported to Mexico in 2007.)
Nearly all the church's congregation is made up of undocumented immigrants and refugees. Fears about their future in the United States have spiked since the election of Trump, who has vowed to deport millions of people. Then came the well-publicized case of Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, an Arizona mother of two US citizens who had no violent criminal background but was deported last week after checking in with their immigration officer. They had been convicted of using a fake Social Security number so they could work.
Some of that emotion erupted during a church service Sunday, when Pastor Emma Lozano asked members of their flock to stand up and speak their minds.
The worry in the room was palpable. Church members, some of whom must check in with immigration officers in the coming days and weeks, couldn't hide their red, puffy eyes as they held back tears.
"I don't want families to get separated anymore," sobbed a woman in the front pew. "I ask for the softening of the heart of our government."
Lozano tries to assuage their fears by explaining their church will always be a sanctuary for those in fear of deportation.
But she's worried about the hatred that surrounds them church.
At least five times in the past 10 months, vandals have defaced the church doors with hateful graffiti, including swastikas and phrases like "Rape N Kill Mexico."
"It's been emotional for myself and some of the leadership in the church," they told CNN. "Our families, they are some of the most humble and hard-working and loving families."
Lozano hired an armed guard and said they plan to install surveillance cameras. They worry that threats like these might deter other pastors and people around the country from offering sanctuary to immigrants when the need is greatest.
"We have to have courage right now," the pastor said. "Courage doesn't mean you're not afraid. It just means that the fear exists, but you have the will to carry on."
'I'm not a terrorist'
For 12 years, Jessica has been checking in about twice a year with Immigration Customs and Enforcement, or ICE. On several occasions, they said, she's been told by agents that their time in America was up. Each time, the government changed its mind.
Jessica's crime: In 1999, they said a coyote, or human smuggler, gave them a fake visa to help them enter the United States. At the time, they said, they didn't know any better.
With their husband's help, their two oldest children in Mexico migrated legally to the United States. Them husband later filed paperwork for Jessica's green card, and all they needed to gain legal status was a final interview. But when they were honest about the fake visa they used in 1999 it landed them in detention, they said. They were released 28 days later and has been checking in with ICE ever since.
Them next scheduled check-in with ICE is March 7.
With every day that passes, their anxiety mounts. They say goodbye to their children every night before bed.
"I am so worried and at the same time so afraid," they told CNN. "We've never asked the government for anything. We have worked for everything we have."
Jessica, who works in a paper factory, said they don't plan to take refuge in Lozano's church. They want to follow the law.
As March 7 approaches, the future of their family is once again at the discretion of an immigration agent.
For the first time, they say their family is asking the government for one thing: compassion.
Them final plea is for President Trump.
"Allow me to stay with my children," they said "I work. I'm not a criminal. I'm not a terrorist. Please stand in my shoes and don't separate my family."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Mark Hough had barely taken a sip of their Friday afternoon margarita when they heard twigs snapping and leaves rustling in their lush Altadena, California, backyard.
Scroll for more content...
At first they brushed it off as the sounds of their neighbor pottering next door, but the noise grew louder.
“So I got up, looked over in the bushes and lo and behold there's a bear climbing up over my fence,” Hough said Monday.
The sighting was the first of many encounters Hough would have with the bear that particularly hot Friday afternoon — over the course of a few hours the bear availed itself of Hough's backyard, their hot tub, and the cocktail they left behind.
After first spotting the bear, Hough retreated inside, only to later find the furry intruder “bobbling away in the Jacuzzi enjoying himself.”
Hough recorded video of the bear lolling in the unheated hot tub with the jets on. The creature played with the chlorinator and tossed the thermometer in the air, Hough said.
“He was playing having a grand old time,” they added.
Bears have been frequently filmed romping around the community that straddles city and wilderness. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Joana Warren said the department received six bear-sighting calls that Friday, but failed to find it.
Altadena, California resident Mark Hough was about to enjoy a margarita last Friday, only to have their afternoon cocktail interrupted by a bear, who took advantage of the backyard hot tub and the drink Hough left behind. (July 2)
The bear's dip only last a few minutes before it emerged and lumbered around the yard. Then it “popped out of the bushes, walked right over to the margarita, knocked it over and lapped it,” Hough said.
About an hour later, Hough was talking to a neighbor when some oak leaves fluttered to the ground. Hough looked up to see the bear slumbering in the tree.
“So they had their margarita, they had their Jacuzzi, and now he's ready for an hour nap,” Hough said.
Hough said the bear ultimately hustled away down the street. After the encounter, Hough made themselves two margaritas to make up for the one they lost.
“It was an interesting Friday to say the least,” Hough said.
BERLIN — A group of city counsellors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
A high school senior in Wisconsin is using a 3D printer to get a three-legged golden retriever on all fours.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on multiple rape charges by a grand jury in New York City.
“A Grand Jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of Rape in the First and Third Degrees, and Criminal Sexual Act in the First Degree,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” Vance added.
In response, Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman, said in a statement that they were not surprised by the indictment, noting that “the Indictment merely mirrors the same charges in the criminal court Complaint and does not add anything to the case we did not already know.”
They added, “We remind everyone that an Indictment is merely a formal accusation. Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted.”
Weinstein surrendered to authorities Friday at a police precinct in New York where they were arrested and charged with allegedly raping a woman and forcing another to perform oral sex, police sources confirmed to PEOPLE.
Harvey Weinstein turning themselves in on June 25. Jackson Lee/Splash News
They were charged with criminal sex act in the first-degree in connection with an alleged 2004 sexual assault on aspiring actor Lucia Evans, the sources confirmed. (Evans has agreed to be publicly named).
The arrest of the fallen movie executive comes after a 7-month investigation into allegations of sexual harassment and assault against them – and just weeks after a special grand jury was convened to hear the evidence against him.
It's unclear if Weinstein will face additional charges in connection with other allegations of sexual misconduct.
Weinstein was not required to enter a plea at Friday's hearing. They paid $1 million in a cashier's check to post bail on a $10 million bond, CNN reported. They handed over their passport and their travel is now limited. They will also wear a monitoring bracelet.
The producer has been accused of sexual misconduct by over 60 women since The New York Times and The New Yorker documented decades of alleged sexual misconduct and sexual assault involving a number of women in detailed, Pulitzer-prize winning articles in October.
A spokesperson for Weinstein previously told PEOPLE in a statement that “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein. Mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing their advances.”
WASHINGTON — The start of a new year means one big thing to D.C. law enforcement: Inauguration Day is fast approaching. Multiple agencies are putting the final touches on the security plan that has been one year in the making.
It's not just visitors coming to the nation's capital to witness the 58th Presidential Inauguration on Jan. 20.
“We're bringing in about 3,000 or more police officers to assist us on that day, which is not uncommon,” Interim D.C. Police Chief Peter Newsham said in a one-on-one interview with WTOP.
They said it's a treat for local police officers outside D.C. to take part in history, and it provides extra resources for D.C. police. The National Guard also is bringing in an additional 13,000 guardsman to secure the National Mall.
There are no active threats at this time, D.C. police confirmed Monday.
Regardless, security will be a top priority, Newsham said. The Joint Task Force, made up of local and federal agencies, will be monitoring any online threats approaching a day where 800,000 people are expected on the National Mall.
“We scour the social media on a daily basis with all the terrorism threats that we've seen around the world and in the country, it's something law enforcement does … if there's some indication of some actor who needs to be acted on, law enforcement gets engaged and deals with those situations,” they said.
As for the Women's March on Washington the following day, Newsham said those additional officers will stay on duty to ensure a successful peaceful protest.
“We will be prepared in event something is going to happen, but again, I think we'll be able to successfully handle whatever number of folks come to demonstrate,” they said.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The Pittsburgh Steelers have finalized their 2017 rookie draft class. The team announced on Wednesday they have signed first round pick, T.J. Watt to a four-year contract. The Steelers chose the former Wisconsin product with the No. 30 overall pick.
Watt comes to the Steelers after a strong 2016 season at Wisconsin where they had 11.5 sacks and 15.5 tackles for loss. The hope is that Watt will be the heir to the right outside linebacker spot currently being held by the ageless James Harrison.
Related 4 Steelers that need to step up big in training camp
The scouting combine really helped Watt's stock as they showed tremendous athleticism in drills. He's not a finished product in terms of their pass rushing primarily because they are still relatively inexperienced, but their intensity, pedigree and high football IQ should help them get into the fold fairly quickly.
With the signing of Watt, all of Pittsburgh's 2017 draft class is signed. The team is currently in the middle of their mandatory minicamp, after which they will take a break before getting back together for training camp.
DEWEY BEACH, Del. (AP) - A wild Memorial Day weekend had a happy ending in this beach town after a 19-year-old who apparently didn't know they were pregnant gave birth outside a hotel.
Dewey Beach Police Sgt. Cliff Dempsey tells the News Journal that they got the call about a woman about to ride their bicycle home because they were feeling unwell, but instead gave birth in the parking garage of Hyatt Place. Officers found them holding their baby and took them to a hospital.
Three people were arrested early Sunday after two officers responding to a street brawl were hit by a car and police horse was punched in its face.
Dewey Mayor TJ Redefer said they were "overjoyed" by the birth after "this crazy weekend of Memorial Day fun."
___
Information from: The News Journal of Wilmington, Del., http://www.delawareonline.com
Michael Tutton, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Jean Chretien has ignored a letter from Nova Scotia's lobbyist registrar asking if they lobbied the premier about a port proposal during a recent closed-door session that drew a citizen complaint.
The registrar of lobbyists, Hayley Clarke, asked the former prime minister about a March 21 meeting in Halifax with Premier Stephen McNeil and Transport Minister Geoff MacLellan.
Chretien is an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners, which has been seeking investor support for the Cape Breton container port project. Chretien is not a registered lobbyist in Nova Scotia, and both McNeil and MacLellan denied they lobbied them or discussed the port project.
Following a complaint from a retired union activist, Clarke sent Chretien a letter providing information about the province's lobbying act, and asked for a response by the end of April.
"We ask they (Chretien) review their activities to ensure compliance and provide a response advising as to the results of their review within 30 days," says a March 29 letter to the complainant, John McCracken.
No response came, Clarke's spokesperson told The Canadian Press.
"There has been no response to the Nova Scotia's Registrar of Lobbyists inquiry of the Hon. Jean Chretien following a complaint received from a member of the public," Marla MacInnis said.
The Canadian Press sent written requests to Chretien and to an associate who often arranges media interviews but received no response.
Duff Conacher, the co-founder of Democracy Watch, said Chretien needs to clear up the issue before they resume conversations with politicians in the province.
"He should be showing and documenting that they have not crossed the line that the law establishes that requires registration. If he's not going to show the registrar, then the police should give them a call," said Conacher.
McCracken said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,"' they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
× Toppenish police chief's daughter among wounded in Las Vegas
TOPPENISH, Wash. (AP) — The daughter of a Washington state police chief was among the hundreds of people wounded in Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas.
Toppenish Police Chief Curtis Ruggles says he's “at a loss for words” over the shooting, but that he's “one of the fortunate ones who had their loved one returned to them.”
They say their daughter is back home and recovering.
Fifty-eight people were killed and nearly 500 were wounded when Stephen Paddock opened fire on a crowd attending a country music festival.
Nearly 7 years after this tweet, Oladipo got a first-hand look at Playoff LeBron pic.twitter.com/qp9PxfLK0L
Amazon is slashing prices across its UK store and the Huawei Watch 2 has just received a big discount.
Normally retailing for about £300, the Huawei Watch 2 can be yours for just £214.99 in Amazon's Early Easter sales.
The Huawei Watch 2 is one of the best Wear OS devices out there. While many manufacturers pulled away from producing new Android wearables, Huawei put forward the sporty Huawei Watch 2 and did a good job with it.
The watch is solidly designed, with an IP68 waterproof rating, it offers NFC for Google Pay, and the battery gives you about 2 days of life. It's a great example of Android Wear, working with both Android and iPhone models.
It's also compatible with a full range of sports apps, as well as giving you things like Google Maps on the move and it's on the list of devices to be updated to Wear OS in the coming weeks. Like many items in the Easter sales, it will only be on offer for 24 hours, so don't delay.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nokian Tyres Plc:
* FINNISH POLICE SAYS HAS OPENED A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INTO SUSPECTED SECURITIES MARKET OFFENCES RELATED TO Tyre MANUFACTURED BY NOKIAN TYRES PLC AND THE TYRE TEST RESULTS IN DIFFERENT MAGAZINES Source text for Eikon: [here.it&utm_medium=twitter ] Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
INNSBRUCK, Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda their fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
An asteroid so big it's been nicknamed after Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson will streak past Earth this Wednesday, April 19.
That might sound alarming, but don't panic, the asteroid will pass us at a close but safe distance - which means telescopes around the planet will be keeping a close eye on it, and you'll have the chance to watch it whizz by from the comfort of your own home.
"Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid this size," a NASA press release explains.
The asteroid officially known as 2014 JO25 has been nicknamed "The Rock" because of its hefty size.
Slooh
First discovered in 2014, researchers estimate that it's around 650 metres (2,000 feet) in length.
Although it's previously been labelled "potentially hazardous", it should safely pass us at a distance of 1.8 million kilometres (1.1 million miles) - less than five times the distance to the Moon.
That's nothing to worry about - small asteroids skim past at similar distances several times a week.
But this is the first time since 2004 that an asteroid so sizable will come this close.
The last time 2014 JO25 was in our immediate neighbourhood was 400 years ago, and it's not expected to pass Earth again until sometime after 2600.
The good news for people wanting to get a glimpse of it as it zooms past is that it should be visible with a small optical telescope, because its surface is estimated to be twice as reflective as the Moon.
"Astronomers plan to observe it with telescopes around the world to learn as much about it as possible," says NASA.
If you're not a keen astronomer, don't worry, you can watch the whole thing live via the Virtual Telescope Project right here, starting at 7.30pm UTC (3.30pm ET) on 19 April, or 5.30am AEST on 20 April.
Slooh members can also watch live via the online observatory, at 11pm UTC (7pm ET) on 19 April, or 9am AEST on 20 April.
Every September, the annual Mt. Fuji Long Ride event invites riders of all kinds to cycle around Japan's most emblematic and majestic landscape. Join an unforgettable bike ride along the impressive surroundings of Mt. Fuji.
The event features three courses to fit the skill levels of all riders, with a beginner and family-friendly 30km route, a more demanding 60km route and a grueling 130km challenge. Each route will take cyclists around the base of Mt. Fuji and the nearby Yamanakako and Kawaguchiko Lakes.
Along the cycling routes there will be nutrition-packed snacks and drinks to keep the riders hydrated in the late summer heat. Additionally, participants will have the opportunity to enjoy local meals, particularly houtou, a Yamanashi speciality stew with flat udon noodles.
Mt. Fuji Long Ride is also an occasion to explore the region and embrace its history. The journey includes local stops like the Ninja Village at Oshino Shinobi No Sato. The icing on the cake: at the end of this long and exhausting day, riders can relax in an onsen (hot spring) before returning to Tokyo.
Please note that the Mt. Fuji Long Ride is perfectly adapted to non-Japanese speakers, whether you are a tourist or a long-time resident.
September 9
Starting point:
Yamanakako Exchange Plaza KIRARA
479-2 Hirano, Yamanakako-mura
Minamitsuru-gun, Yamanashi Prefecture
〒401-0502
https://en.shop.japantravel.com/japan/tours/mt-fuji-long-ride-bike-tour-day-trip-tokyo-sep-9-sun
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
Comments
comments
The group drank water from rock pools and ate witchetty grubs to survive after their car got bogged after heavy rains.
The group drank water from rock pools and ate witchetty grubs to survive after their car got bogged after heavy rains.
A family of five who went missing in the remote Goldfields have been found safe and well after a rescue operation.
The five people, including an eight-year-old child were located at around 3.15pm by helicopter, 143km south west of Tjuntjuntjara Community.
It is believed the car they were travelling in got bogged on the journey from Kalgoorlie to Tjuntjuntjara and had been abandoned 10km from where they were found.
Police say the family survived by drinking water from some rock pools and eating witchetty grubs since leaving Kalgoorlie on Tuesday.
The family have received medical attention and all appear in good health.
It is unclear when the car got bogged and how long the family had been stranded.
By AARON BEARD, AP Basketball Writer
Villanova is the new No. 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost.
The Wildcats (10-0) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State, which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second. They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No. 1 Duke's weekend loss at Boston College.
Wichita State climbed three spots to No. 3, followed by Duke and Arizona State. The Sun Devils (9-0) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No. 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season.
The Jayhawks fell to No. 13 after two losses.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
By The Associated Press
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois in a women's basketball game Sunday.
The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. They were later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution.
Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall.
Merchant is in their 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
South Mississippi has been locked in a summer-like pattern for most of the month of May. But, as we go into June, the pattern is going to become even more summer-like.
High pressure in the mid-levels of the atmosphere is expected to build over the south through the weekend. This sort of set-up causes air to sink and compresses it. This causes the atmosphere to warm. It's like filling a bicycle tire tube with air. The more air you pump into it, the pressure become higher and the temperature increases.
High pressure in the mid-levels builds over the south this weekend. This will bring lower rain chances, but warmer temperatures. #mswx @WLOX pic.twitter.com/gqQa4ghtk9 — Eric Jeansonne WLOX (@Weatheric) May 31, 2018
Highs are expected to be in the 90s each day with some data trends suggesting upper 90 close to 100 degrees for areas north of I-10.
Rain chances will drop because of the high pressure, but afternoon seabreeze storms are not out of the question.
Moisture levels will stay high, resulting in heat index numbers in the 100-105-degree range.
Hot 7-Day forecast. Heat and humidity builds over the weekend. Rain chances go down, but not to zero. #mswx @Weatheric pic.twitter.com/tTi49nnE3o — Eric Jeansonne WLOX (@Weatheric) May 31, 2018
South Mississippi is no stranger to heat, but it is important to remember to take precautions when working or spending extended periods outdoors.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
VIENNA — Serbia failed to clinch a World Cup berth in Vienna and lost instead, giving fresh hope to Wales and Ireland in qualifying on Friday.
Serbia only had to beat already-eliminated Austria. It squandered the opening goal, came back to draw 2-2 then conceded a long-range goal in the 89th minute for Austria to win 3-2.
The Serbs can still secure top spot in Europe Group D and the automatic qualifying berth that comes with it on Monday, with a home win against Georgia.
Wales was only a point behind in the standings after beating Georgia 1-0 away without Gareth Bale, while Ireland were only a point behind Wales after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin.
The Salesforce Q2 2017 Shopping Index confirmed that consumers are increasingly shifting their shopping and perusing to mobile phones. The analysis noted that social and mobile commerce continues to be prime influences in shaping the retail landscape.
To mine the conclusions, the index reviewed shopping activity of 716 digital commerce sites. Thirty-five countries and 500 million shoppers — and two billion visits — were included in the analysis. To qualify for inclusion, a digital commerce site must have transacted between the second quarter of 2015 and the same period this year and also met a monthly minimum visit threshold.
Microsoft today launched a preview version of a new programming language for quantum computing called Q#. The industry giant also launched a quantum simulator that developers can use to test and debug their quantum algorithms.
The language and simulator were announced in September. The then-unnamed language was intended to bring traditional programming concepts—functions, variables, and branches, along with a syntax-highlighted development environment complete with quantum debugger—to quantum computing, a field that has hitherto built algorithms from wiring up logic gates. Microsoft's hope is that this selection of tools, along with the training material and documentation, will open up quantum computing to more than just physicists.
Given that quantum computers are still rare, Microsoft has built an as-yet-unnamed quantum simulator to run those quantum programs. The local version, released as part of the preview, can support programs using up to 32 quantum bits (qubits), using some 32GB of RAM. Microsoft is also offering an Azure version of the simulator, scaling up to 40 qubits.
Real quantum computers use cryogenic temperatures and are limited to a handful of qubits. Unwanted interactions between the qubits and their environment mean that effective quantum algorithms need not only qubits for the actual computation but additional qubits for error-checking and detection. Microsoft's ambition is to build physical quantum computers using "topological qubits," a kind of quantum bit that's more resilient to unwanted influence from its environment and which, henceforth, will require fewer qubits to do useful work.
Microsoft anticipates interest in a wide range of fields. Cryptography is perhaps best-known—many of the algorithms that we trust to securely communicate online are broken wide open by a sufficiently large quantum computer. But applications in fields such as drug design and catalyst development are likely to materialize sooner, as they're able to make use of smaller quantum computers with hundreds of qubits, compared to the thousands required to break cryptography.
A Russian journalist and Kremlin critic, reported to have been shot dead in Ukraine, has appeared alive at a news conference and declared that their murder was faked by Ukrainian security services to foil an assassination plot against him.
Arkady Babchenko was said to have been killed in their apartment building in the Ukrainian capital Kiev Tuesday. Ukraine blamed Russia for their “death.”
But in a stunning development, they appeared alongside Ukrainian security officials in a news conference broadcast live on Ukrainian television Wednesday afternoon.
Ukraine's Security Service said it had staged the murder in an attempt to foil a Russian plot to kill Babchenko. The Chief of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU), Vasyl Hrytsak, said the operation had been planned for two months.
Writing on Twitter, the security service said it decided to conduct the operation to collect evidence of terrorist activity by the Russian special services on Ukrainian territory.
On Tuesday, Ukrainian state news agency Ukrinform had said that Babchenko, 41, was shot in the back and died in an ambulance, citing their friend and supervisor, Ayder Muzhdabaev, deputy general manager of Ukrainian TV channel ATR. Police in Kiev said Babchenko's wife found them outside their apartment.
The Ukrainian police said they were searching for the man they believed to be responsible for the assassination and even released a sketch of the suspected killer.
During the news conference Wednesday, Babchenko apologized to their wife and all those who believed they had been killed — but said the secrecy had been unavoidable.
“I would like to apologize for what you all had to go through… because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know it's a sickening-vomiting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues,” they said. “Also I would like to apologize to my wife for the hell they went through in those two days. Olechka, I'm sorry, but there were no options here either.”
They also thanked the Ukrainian security services for saving their lives.
Ukraine-Russia tensions
Shortly after Babchenko's death was announced, Moscow and Kiev began blaming each other for the killing of the journalist, who is a vocal critic of the Kremlin and left Russia in 2017, saying they no longer felt safe.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman implied Russia had orchestrated the “killing” of Babchenko, while Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed that idea and slammed Ukraine as an unsafe place for journalists to work.
On Wednesday Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said the affair was a propaganda exercise by Ukraine, but that they were happy Babchenko was alive.
Babchenko left Russia after they criticized the Kremlin in a Facebook post in 2017.
They faced backlash after commenting on the crash of a Russian plane transporting the world-famous military choir Alexandrov Ensemble en route to Syria. They were traveling to perform for pilots involved in Russia's air campaign on Aleppo.
Babchenko called Russia an aggressor, and accused the country of killing children in its air support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Melbourne is one of the most popular destinations in Australia with millions of people visiting the city on different purposes like business, education, tourism, entertainment etc and hence you can find huge foot falls at the airports. Hence, there is always a great demand for the airport transfers with people looking out for the taxi services or availing the public transport system. However, to make your life a bit more comfortable after getting your flight it is better for you to book in advance the Melbourne airport pickup services offered by Taxis Melbourne Airport so that you need not have to find a taxi for your pickup or reach out the public transport system and wait for your turn. Instead by booking the airport transfer services in advance you shall have a driver waiting for your arrival who shall offer you meet and greet service and help you with your belongings to reach out the vehicle. They shall carefully drop you at your destination choosing the safe routes and offering you a comfortable ride in the premium vehicles that have been chosen by you.
All you need to avail the Melbourne airport transport is to just fill in the online form of Taxis Melbourne airport with your travel details like the flight number, date of journey, drop off location etc based on which you shall receive a hassle free quote. On your approval the booking shall be confirmed and you can simply relax as you can be assured of a driver waiting for your arrival to pick you up and drop off at your home or any other destination. The same applies even for airport drop offs. You no longer have to worry about driving your car to the airport and undergo all the hassles of finding a parking lot, but can simply relax and enjoy your travel while the driver drops you at the airport on time to catch your flight. Not every airport transfers offer the best services hence you should be careful in choosing one that is reliable and offers good services to the customers.
The Taxis Melbourne airport services are one such company that puts their customers on top offering 100% quality services in affordable price. The fares are genuinely fair and there are no more hidden charges when you hire their services for airport transfers or for any other purposes. You can choose from the fleet of vehicles and also avail a hassle free cancellation process in case there is any change in your travel plan.
TaxisMelbourneAirport is the Best customer trusted & highly affordable Airport Taxi near me service providers in Melbourne. Here, you can Estimate fares before you book a flight with Taxi Fare Estimate Calculator. To know more details about Airport Transfer just visit our website or contact us at 0404338466.
Address:
Melbourne
Victoria
Australia
0404 338 466
3000
Updated at 11 a.m. ET on Wednesday.
Fire and rescue crews are fighting a blaze and searching for people who may have been trapped in a 24-story apartment building in London that was engulfed in fire overnight. At least six people have died from the fire, which was an uncontrolled inferno for hours.
“These are very early stages and we do expect that figure to rise,” London's Metropolitan Police said of the death toll.
By 11 a.m. ET, the fire had been contained but the building continued to smolder. Up to 600 people may have been inside the building's 120 apartments at the time the blaze broke out.
The blaze at Grenfell Tower was reported around 1 a.m. (8 p.m. ET Tuesday). Soon after, people nearby reported seeing smoke and flames shooting from its windows. Since then, more than 64 people have been taken to hospitals, and 20 are in critical care units, the London Ambulance Service says.
“This is an unprecedented situation, with a major fire that has affected all floors of this 24-story building, from the second floor up,” said London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton.
Cotton told reporters she'd never seen anything like the fire in their nearly 30 years as a firefighter.
Alex Ritson, reporting from London for NPR, says the blaze appeared to start on a lower floor of the building and spread with astonishing speed. “At its height, pretty much the entire building appear to be ablaze, with huge flames of several hundred feet running up the side of the tower,” they say. “Forty fire engines and around 200 firefighters went to the scene — but their equipment didn't reach much beyond the 11th floor.
“There are already disturbing reports emerging of the pipework in the building for a fire emergency being out of action,” Ritson says. “Also, the fire escape plan for the building told residents to stay in their apartments behind supposedly fire safe doors. Those who escaped the blaze were the ones who both woke up and ignored that advice.”
Mickey Paramasivan, who took their children out of the building after they woke up and smelled smoke, told Ritson they made it out with just a few minutes to spare.
“I sure would have been dead if I weren't awake,” they said. “Five more minutes and that was us. That's how close it was.”
They described a perilous situation: “Only one fire escape to get down, and apparently that caught on fire,” they said. “And the fire alarm that was going off, that wouldn't have woken no one up. It was as silent as it could be. … Someone's got to be held responsible for this. It's ridiculous.”
Eyewitness accounts describe horrifying scenes of people who could not escape from the building.
The Telegraph reports:
Residents who escaped spoke of others trapped and screaming for help, with some holding children from windows and others jumping from upper floors. Some were reported to have attempted to use bin bags as makeshift parachutes.
A witness, Samira Lamrani, told the British Press Association a baby was thrown from a 9th or 10th floor window and caught by a bystander.
“The windows were slightly ajar — a woman was gesturing that they were about to throw their baby and if somebody could catch their baby,” Lamrani said, according to the BBC. “A gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby.”
Lamrani said there were “endless numbers of people” trapped and “screaming for their lives.”
One person, who did not want to be identified, told the British newspaper The Guardian, “I'm lucky to be alive — and lots of people have not got out of the building.”
Police say it will take some time to confirm the cause of the fire, and authorities did not want to speculate on why it spread so rapidly, The Associated Press reports.
As noon approached Wednesday, the building in the west London neighborhood of North Kensington was still smoldering and breaking out into flames. Volunteers were bringing sandwiches to people forced out of their homes; others donated supplies and money.
The AP reports that the building had been viewed as a fire risk:
“Local residents said they had warned local authorities about fire issues in the building, a public housing block built in 1974 and containing 120 homes, according to the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. ” ‘We've complained to council,' said Edward Daffarn, 55, who said nothing had been done to improve safety. ‘I consider this mass murder.' “
On Twitter, London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the fire was declared a major incident; they and other city officials are spreading information about how survivors and families can find one another or report someone missing.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Scroll for more content...
Think you're washing your hands properly? Think again. The Department of Agriculture says you're probably doing it all wrong. Here's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door. (You can also get "5 Things You Need to Know Today" delivered to your inbox daily. (Sign up here.)
1. NATO
President Trump has rattled traditional US allies again, this time in the form of letters sent to leaders of NATO nations. The letters, first reported on by The New York Times, were delivered last month to the leaders of Germany, Belgium, Norway and Canada, among others, and demanded they increase their defense spending. Trump threatened to alter America's global military presence if they didn't. The President is going to a NATO summit meeting next week in Brussels, so yeah, it'll be awkward.
2. Thailand cave rescue
A wave of relief swept around the world after word got out that the 12 boys and their soccer coach trapped in a cave in Thailand had been found alive. The group has been trapped in a flooded cave in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave system in northern Thailand for more than a week. But that rush of excitement has now turned to trepidation. It will not be easy getting them out. The only way out is flooded and attempts to pump water out of the cave have failed. So rescuers are considering teaching the boys how to scuba dive in order to save them. This entire rescue operation might take awhile. How long? Officials plan to supply the group with four months' worth of food.
3. Supreme Court
The White House is in full-blown Supreme Court mode, as it prepares for the announcement of President Trump's Supreme Court picks next week. Trump said he's already interviewed four candidates. Reports are that he's intrigued by the prospect of picking the first truly conservative female justice (Sandra Day O'Connor ultimately disappointed many conservatives). That may mean that federal judge Amy Coney Barrett is Trump's dream candidate. CNN's Chris Cillizza says for a President who considers image to be everything, Coney Barrett -- a woman, a mother, a reliable conservative -- comes straight out of Central Casting.
4. Germany
German Chancellor Angela Merkel reached an agreement on how to deal with migrants in their country which also keeps their coalition government from unraveling. Merkel agreed to set up transit centers to return migrants to countries where they've already registered for asylum. It's a big concession for Merkel, who had stuck with a policy of welcoming migrants to Germany, despite the political pushback she's gotten from the country's right-wing. But the pressure has been mounting and reached a criticial point when the country's interior minister threatened to quit over Merkel's migration policies. That would have likely left Merkel's political coalition in shambles.
5. Portland State protests
Students at Portland State University are protesting having armed police on campus after a man trying to break up a fight was shot and killed by officers. Jason Washington was trying to stop the fight outside of a sports bar late last week when a gun fell out of their holster. When they reached for it, officers shot him. Protesters demonstrated over the weekend at the Oregon school, which has only had armed campus officers for a couple of years. The officers involved in the shooting are on paid administrative leave.
BREAKFAST BROWSE
People are talking about these. Read up. Join in.
Prime Day (and a half)
The next Amazon Prime Day is coming, but it's really not a day at all. The uber popular online savings event, set for July 16, will now be 36 hours long.
All star teams
First Lebron went to the Lakers. Now DeMarcus Cousins has joined the Warriors. Everybody else in the NBA should just throw in the towel.
Baby boom
Ever wanted to see a planet being born? Thanks to a "planet-hunting instrument," now you can.
Parting gift
Some needy kids can still be Toys 'R' Us kids, thanks to an anonymous shopper who spent $1 million right before the stores closed for good.
Flower power
A 3-year-old girl beat cancer, then served as the flower girl in their bone marrow donor's wedding. Just go ahead and grab those tissues now.
Crew member miracle
A man fell off a cruise ship, then was rescued almost a full day later -- by another cruise ship.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
"Stay in the country and let's look for solutions to support you."
Honduran first lady Ana García Carías, discouraging their country's citizens from trying to cross the US-Mexico border illegally. García Carías toured an immigration processing center in McAllen, Texas.
NUMBER OF THE DAY
60 million
The number of Americans under a heat watch, warning or advisory today, as the worst heat wave of the year torches the East
AND FINALLY
Play time
Multiplayer games aren't just for humans. Dogs like them too! (Click to view)
ONE MORE THING
There's no newsletter tomorrow, because of the Fourth of July holiday, so enjoy the fireworks and parades and we'll see you all back here on Thursday.
Sputnik spoke to Adam Garrie Director at Eurasia Future on the impact President Putin has had on Russia and the challenges they face in their next term.
According to preliminary results the Russian Central Election Commission says the overall turnout was over 67%. The Second place was taken by Pavel Grudinin with just over 11%, while third was taken by Vladimir Zhirinovsky with roughly five and a half percent, and Ksenia Sobchak placed fourth, with about one and a half percent. The figures released by the Electoral commission show that more than 73 million people cast their ballots.
With more than 56 million votes, it was Mr Putin's biggest ever win in a presidential campaign. Their latest victory will take their political service in Russia to nearly a quarter of a century, until 2024.
Sputnik: This was their biggest win in a Presidential campaign, and he's set to be in office till 2024, what impact has they had on Russia to be so popular and in office for so long?
Adam Garrie: Well the main thing that President Putin has been able to achieve over their Presidential terms and their single term as Prime Minister, was to fix the economy of Russia from one that was a basket case, one that was cutting the life span of Russia, one that led to suicides and a drug problem to an economy that is stable and has allowed people to return to a sense of normalcy. This has allowed Russians to become more prosperous and an economy that has avoided the peaks and troughs which was associated with the terrible state of the Russian economy in the 90's. Putin's main legacy for Russians is that they created a Putin economic miracle, where they increased the GPD, stabilised the economy, got the business Oligarch's that were ravishing the Russian state under control, improved various public projects through investment, roads housing etc.
Sputnik: What challenges do President Putin face in this term to improve Russia?
Adam Garrie: Positive foreign investment is crucial for the economy and that's where Putin's close relationship with China's President Xi Jinping comes in, both congratulated each other on their recent victories. With investment from China and the rest of the Eurasia economic union, I think that we could see Russian businesses working with both domestic and foreign investment to build more houses, build more roads and more high speed rail. So it's these kinds of projects that involve regional partners and traditional allies that will ultimately benefit the economy very much.
Sputnik: How can they improve international relations, especially with the west as no western leader has congratulated their victory?
Adam Garrie: I think that very much the ball is in the court of the Western leaders, Russia has always said it doesn't have an innate hostility toward the West, it is perfectly willing happy and able to do partnerships with business commerce, in energy with Western countries. It's the Western leaders that are putting a phony ideological war which is designed to retort Russia's economic progress, despite the fact that Western business leaders want to do business with Russia in the same way they want to do business with many other countries. All Russia can do is emphasis that businessmen of all shapes and sizes from high network to medium size businesses want to do commerce in Russia and with Russia. In emphasising that Western governments might get the message that the campaign of hate against Russia is bad for everyone.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Jason Earles has tied the knot!
The Hannah Montana alum, who starred as Jackson Stewart on the Disney series, married their longtime girlfriend Katie Drysen at The Garland in Toluca Lake, California, on Sunday and shared the exciting news on Instagram.
“Here's a glimpse at the the most magical day of my life. She's perfect. #happilyeverearles2017 @andhervisuals captured the day beautifully. Beyond blown away,” Earles, 40, captioned a snapshot video of their big day.
“I am madly in love with you,” they told their bride in their vows during the ceremony. “I love how every day you open my eyes to beauty and unexpected joys that exist all around us.”
“You are my other half and no one will fit me as perfectly as you do,” Drysen, who donned a white, strapless wedding gown, told Earles during the ceremony.
Here's a glimpse at the the most magical day of my life. She's perfect. #happilyeverearles2017 @andhervisuals captured the day beautifully. Beyond blown away. A post shared by Jason Earles (@realdukeofearles) on Aug 14, 2017 at 11:54am PDT
Custom cake toppers by @sfcassata They are too frickin perfect. Sometimes it's the small things. #happilyeverearles2017 A post shared by Jason Earles (@realdukeofearles) on Aug 14, 2017 at 12:09pm PDT
Drysen also took to social media to share an image from the reception.
“I only came for the cake 🎂😜😘” they captioned a kissing photo of the couple cutting their multi-tiered white cake.
I only came for the cake 🎂😜😘 A post shared by Katie Drysen (@ktacd247) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:45am PDT
Casual Dadnapped reunion! Happy wedding day @realdukeofearles, we love you! A post shared by Emily Osment (@emilyosment) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:02pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO: Dancing Under the Stars: Julianne Hough's Perfect Wedding to Brooks Laich: ‘We Never Stopped Looking at Each Other'
To celebrate the big day, Earles had the support of multiple of their Dadnapped castmates, including Emily Osment, Moises Arias, George Newbern and Phillip David Lewis.
“Casual Dadnapped reunion! Happy wedding day @realdukeofearles, we love you!” Osment captioned a photo of the group at the wedding.
A research study on the global vehicle cameras market has been recently published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), a market intelligence and research firm. The report, titled “Vehicle Cameras Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020”, estimates the market to expand at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2014 to 2020 and reach US$1.2 bn by the end of the forecast period. The report further states that the worldwide vehicle cameras market stood at close to US$0.6 bn in 2013.
According to the research report, North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are the key regional markets for vehicle cameras. Among these, Europe holds the leading share in the global market. In 2013, it has accounted for a share of 44% in the global market. The rising usage of cameras in automobiles in the U.K. and Russia is considered as the main driver for the vehicle cameras market in Europe. Analysts project this regional market to retain its position over the forecast period.
The Asia Pacific market for vehicle cameras is also experiencing an impressive rise in its market share. The rapid increase in the demand for vehicle cameras from Australia, China, South Korea, and Taiwan, owing to the growth of the automotive sector as well as the rise in the disposable income of consumers, is fueling this regional market significantly. The vehicle cameras market in Asia Pacific is likely to report the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 12.0% during the forecast period, notes the research study.
Obtain brochure for latest advancement and technology https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4154
The global market for vehicle cameras has been analyzed on the basis of product prices and end-use applications in this market study. Based on price, affordable cameras (less than US$100), mid-range cameras (US$100-US$200), and high-end cameras (more than US$200) are the major segments of the global vehicle cameras market.
The mid-range vehicle cameras segment leads the overall market on account of its popularity among consumers. In 2013, this market segment held a share of 41% in the global vehicle cameras market. The presence of state-of-the-art features at a relatively lower price has been the main driver of this market segment.Though affordable vehicle cameras are available at the most economical rates, the lack of advanced features has limited the demand for them, the report states.
On the basis of end-use application, the market report classifies the global market for vehicle cameras into the markets for private vehicles, transportation vehicles, government and defense vehicles, and other vehicles used in healthcare, fire rescue, and sports. Private vehicles have emerged as the biggest end user of vehicle cameras. The market segment accounted for a share of 35.2% in the overall revenue generated in the global market in 2013.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=4154
Qrontech Co., Ltd., GoPro Inc., AIPTEK International Inc., DCS Systems Ltd., Garmin International Inc., Transcend Information Inc., Pittasoft Co. Ltd., S.Will Industrial Ltd., and Hyundai MnSoft are the key manufacturers of vehicle cameras across the world, states the market report.
The global vehicle cameras market Is segmented into:
By Price:
Affordable (upto US$ 100)
Mid-range (US$ 100 to US$ 200)
High-end (above US$ 200)
By End-use Application:
Government and Defense Vehicles
Private Vehicles
Transportation Vehicles
Others (Healthcare, Fire Rescue and Sports Vehicles)
By Region:
ALLIANCE, Ohio (AP) - A truck crash in Ohio has left hundreds of chickens dead, and those that did survive huddled together in a nearby ditch.
The Review in Alliance reports a tractor trailer carrying crates of chickens veered off the road, struck a utility pole and overturned Monday in Stark County's Washington Township.
The road where the crash occurred was closed for several hours.
Washington Township is roughly 35 miles (56 kilometers) southeast of Akron.
The driver of the tractor trailer owned by Case Farms wasn't injured, but was taken to hospital to be tested for controlled substances.
Houses in the area lost power after the accident.
The state Highway Patrol is investigating.
___
Information from: The Review, http://www.the-review.com
The commemorations to mark the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele have come and gone, but it should be remembered that 100 years ago the men of Lancashire were still fighting and dying as the battle dragged on. Roger Goodwin delves into the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum to tell the story of a Fulwood Barracks -based regiment in another phase in the battle – one which required powers of endurance even before they met the enemy
Belgium, October 1917, 100 years ago this month.
In the Ypres Salient, the Passchendaele campaign had been grinding on for two long, murderous months, largely in rain-drenched, sodden horror. Yet spells of fine weather in September had aided some British successes, which encouraged Field Marshal Haig, the British Commander-in-Chief, to believe the German defenders were on the point of collapse, and to order further attacks.
Misled by faulty intelligence, they are, as so often, wrong. The Germans were far from breaking point. Once again, the unrelenting weather was to come to their aid. And for the thousands of Lancashire men serving in the 66th (2nd East Lancashire) Division, it was to be a baptism of fire as dreadful as any endured on the Western Front.
The 66th Division was a First World War creation of a type not seen before or (apart from a brief period at the start of the Second World War) since in the organisation of the British Army. When the war broke out in 1914, the part-time soldiers of the pre-war Territorial Force could not be sent overseas without their consent.
The territorial units were accordingly split into a “first line”, with men who had volunteered for overseas service and a “second line”, which was intended for home service, by the ten per cent who refused to volunteer. The division was formed in the first few weeks of the war, as the 2nd East Lancashire Division, a second-line formation of the 42nd (East Lancashire) Division.
It was as ‘Lanky' a formation as it was possible to be, made up of 12 battalions of the Lancashire Fusiliers, East Lancashire, and Manchester Regiments, with supporting artillery, medical and engineer units also drawn from the region.
For two years, the division provided trained replacements for its parent unit and carried out home defence duties in England until, following the introduction of compulsory conscription in January 1916, all territorial soldiers were deemed liable for overseas service. In early 1917, the 66th Division moved to France.
For some months, it held the line in relatively easy sectors while it adjusted to frontline conditions, but in October, it made its debut in what became known as the Battle of Poelcapelle.
All the division's battalions fought just as bravely, and suffered equally, in what was to come, but here two of them, whose records are kept in the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum in Fulwood Barracks, must represent them all – the 2/4th and 2/5th East Lancashires, made up of men from Blackburn, Burnley and the surrounding area.
It started badly. The fine weather broke on October 5 and the rain ‘descended in torrents' throughout the move up to Ypres the following day. There the two battalions were directed to bivouac in an open field near the Menin Gate.
“It was a dismal prospect,” records the Regimental History. “The shell-pitted ground was sodden, no shelter of any kind was available and the troops had to make themselves as comfortable as might be on the sopping ground under waterproof sheets.”
There they remained, with the rain sheeting down continuously, for the next two days until battle orders were issued on October 8, and the two East Lancashire battalions learned that they had been designated to make the final attack on the last objective set for their Brigade in the coming advance.
Both battalions began to move up towards the front the same day. Reaching the western slopes of the Frezenberg Ridge (‘ridge' only in the military sense, since it was a mere fold in the ground), they were halted and bivouaced until nightfall. The slopes were shelled all day, and the 2/4th sustained about 20 casualties.
At about 6pm the battalions met up with their guides, and began to move in single file towards their assembly positions. What followed – even before they met the enemy – was an epic which has gone down in military history. It is not possible to improve on the words of the Regimental History, which is quoted here directly:
“The country traversed was in an indescribable condition. Heavy fighting had been continuously in progress for weeks past on this front – the ground had been so ploughed up by shells that distinguishing marks had been almost completely eliminated. A ribbon of mud-soaked, shell-pitted road ran eastwards ... but on either side the country was a veritable honeycomb of shell-holes for as far as the eye could reach, the only means of progression being by taking a winding course round the lips of the craters.
“Difficult enough ground this to traverse in daylight and when dry. But to cross in the darkness, under fire, was a task almost superhuman.
“Officers of high rank and wide experience have designated this march as one of the outstanding feats of the war.”
The 2/5th East Lancashires recorded with pride that not a single unwounded man fell out during the course of “this extraordinary march”.
Both battalions toiled over the morass without once resting from the time that their guides met them at 6pm on October 8 until the hour of the attack – 5.20am on October 9 – taking more than 11 hours to cover a distance which, as the crow flies, amounted to barely a mile.
The next day, the noted war correspondent Philip Gibbs wrote in The Times: “The brunt of the fighting fell yesterday ... upon... the hard tough men of Lancashire and Yorkshire ... especially ...those Territorial battalions of the Manchester, East Lancashire, and Lancashire Fusilier (Regiments).
“The night march of these men who went up to attack at dawn seems to me, who has written many records of brave acts during three years of war, one of the most heroic episodes in all this time. It took 11 hours for these Lancashire men to get up to their support line, and then, worn out with fatigue that was a physical pain, wet to the skin, cold as death, hungry and all clotted with mud, they lay in the water of shell-holes for a while until their officers said: “Our turn, boys,” and then they went forward through heavy fire, and over the same kind of ground, and fought the enemy with machine-guns – until they lay outside their last objective, and kept off counter-attacks with a few machine-guns that still remained unclogged and rifles that somehow they had kept dry.
“Nothing better than this has been done, and Lancashire should thrill to the tale of it because their sons were its heroes.”
When the attack did go in, it immediately became evident that the Germans were in great strength. The advancing troops were met by severe machine-gun and rifle fire, and the shell-fire was some of the heaviest experienced against infantry in the whole war. By about midday it was apparent the advance had not progressed beyond the first objective – a distance of about 500 to 600 yards – and a defensive line was established in anticipation of the inevitable counter-attack. It came at dusk, and was, in the main, repulsed.
By now the units of 198 (East Lancashire) Brigade – to which both the East Lancashires and some Manchester battalions belonged – had become so intermingled that independent unit command was almost impossible, and Lt Col Whitehead, Commanding Officer of the 2/5th East Lancashires, as the senior officer, took command of the whole mixed force. It remained in the frontline for the rest of the day and the next night, fighting off at least one more counter attack by enemy troops who were almost as exhausted as the British.
About 10am on October 10, a runner reached the headquarters of the 2/5th with a crumpled and only half-decipherable written message that the German position was to be taken at all costs.
‘It appeared to be an order of annihilation,' records the Regimental History. Lt Col Whitehead summoned the commanding officers of the other battalions, who agreed that if the order was carried out, it would involve the extermination of the Brigade. The order was re-examined, and it was found, with difficulty – and no doubt very great relief – to be 24 hours late.
‘But for this timely discovery, a terrible tragedy might have occurred,' records the regimental history dryly.
The battalions which had been engaged in the attack
remained in the line during the whole of October 10, under heavy shell-fire. It was fortunate that the enemy was, relatively speaking, immobilised by the state of the battlefield no less than were our own troops – who would otherwise have found themselves seriously short of ammunition and grenades.
As it was, they suffered terribly from shortage of water. The only means of getting supplies up to the frontline was by mule train, whose sole approach, as the Germans well knew, was along a single road.
This track consequently received constant attention from the enemy artillery throughout the attack and the succeeding days, and
although train after train was dispatched from Ypres (each animal carrying eight petrol tins – 16 gallons – of water), very few ever got through ‘and the suffering of the frontline troops was correspondingly accentuated.'
Finally, the next night, the force under Lt Col Whitehead was at last relieved. Even then their sufferings were not over, and they were heavily shelled on their way back. Eventually, however, the remnants of the two East Lancashire battalions reached the same field outside Ypres in which they had bivouaced before the battle.
For them, the Battle of Poelcappelle – just one phase in the ongoing horror of the Passchendaele campaign – was over. The cost of their first battle had been high. The 2/4th lost 13 officers and 316 men killed or wounded; the 2/5th 12 officers and 355 men. In each case, practically half the battalion had become casualties.
The 2/4th East Lancashire drawn up in battalion review order while under training in East Anglia before deployment to the Western Front
Officers and men of D Company, 2/4th East Lancashires, pictured before deployment to Poelcapelle in October 1917.
Map showing the planned attack of the 2/4th East Lancashire. They only made it to the line of the first objective a distance of just 500 yards
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Fans notoriously blame weird and bizarre things for the demise of their favorite sports teams, normally based on superstition or some kind of jinx.
Normally, normal people do not blame the person with the least impact on the game when their team gets blown out by 31 points. Then there's this particular Ohio State fan.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
After Ohio State got shut out in a bowl game on New Year's Eve, for the first time since 1920, this fan found an unlikely culprit for their team's blowout loss. They blamed Ohio State's field goal kicker Tyler Durbin:
To recap, Tyler Durbin missed two field goals. Had they made them, they would have resulted in exactly six points. Six points, in a game that Ohio State lost by 31. So how in the world can they be singled out and made responsible for the Buckeye's loss?
Meanwhile, Ohio State Quarterback J.T. Barrett had a QBR of 12.7 on Saturday night, the Buckeye offensive line consistently gave up sacks when Clemson would only rush three or four players, and, let's not forget, the Ohio State defense that allowed 470 yards and couldn't get off the field.
Any one of those factors would have had a far greater impact than Durbin, who would have had to kick and make eleven field goals in order to win the game for Ohio State.
That's asking a bit much.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - The ex-wife of former NBA player Lorenzen Wright won't face the death penalty if convicted of killing them more than seven years ago in Tennessee, a prosecutor said Monday.
Shelby County prosecutor Paul Hagerman told a judge during a hearing that Sherra Wright won't face a death sentence if found guilty of first degree murder in their ex-husband's shooting death.  They are being held without bond and has pleaded not guilty in one of the most high-profile murder cases in Memphis' history.
Sherra Wright was arrested in December in Riverside County, California, on a fugitive from justice warrant. Lorenzen Wright's decomposing body was found in a swampy field on July 28, 2010 - 10 days after they were reported missing.
The 6-foot 11-inch Wright died of multiple gunshot wounds. An autopsy report showed bullet fragments were lodged in Wright's skull, chest and right forearm.
Hagerman said another person charged with first-degree murder in the case, Billy Ray Turner, also won't face death if convicted at trial. Turner, a landscaper in the Memphis suburb of Collierville, and Sherra Wright attended the same church. Turner also is being held without bond, and they also have pleaded not guilty.
Turner's lawyer, John Keith Perry, said they were "happy" that the death penalty is off the table.
Perry said they did not know why the Shelby County district attorney's office declined to make it a capital case. Hagerman provided no details about the decision in court.
Lorenzen Wright played for 13 seasons as a forward and center in the NBA, including several for the Grizzlies in Memphis, where they were born and raised.
The first attempt at killing Wright occurred between April and July 2010 and involved Turner traveling to Lorenzen Wright's home near Atlanta, the prosecutors said. The indictment said Sherra Wright and Turner acquired guns and recruited a co-conspirator, who was not named.
Months later, Wright and Turner traveled to the swampy suburban field to kill Wright, the district attorney's office said.
Sherra Wright received $1 million from their ex-husband's life insurance policy. They agreed to a settlement in 2014 in a court dispute over how they spent the insurance money meant to benefit their six children, The Commercial Appeal has reported.
Police said they found a gun used in the killing in November in a lake near Walnut, Mississippi, about 75 miles (120 kilometers) east of Memphis.
Wright and Turner are scheduled to return to court on April 12 for a review of their bond. Their lawyers hope Judge Lee Coffee issues bond amounts that their clients will be able to post.
"Now that the state has announced that this won't be a capital case, they are both entitled to bond," said Steve Farese Jr., one of Wright's two lawyers.
Perry said Turner, who has dozens of landscaping clients, "should be working."
One lane of the M1 motorway is closed near Leeds due to a broken down vehicle.
VIDEO: On shift with West Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Unit
The van is blocking lane one of four on the southbound carriageway at junction 41 for the A650.
Meanwhile, the entry slip road at junction 40 northbound on the M1 also has a broken down vehicle on it.
READ: The next homes plan for Leeds South Bank submitted
Plastic has also been reported on the northbound carriageway at junction 46 of the M1 which is believed to be affecting lanes one and two.
A lorry is stuck after it became 'wedged between two houses' in a Cotswold market town.
The incident, in Nailsworth, happened on Butcher Hill's Lane at around 12.55pm this lunchtime.
The lorry, which was delivering sugar, has crashed into the buildings off the B4058 close to Old Bristol Road, which is quite close to the centre of the town.
Police are on the scene.
(Image: Lorraine Merchant)
"It has been reported to us that the lorry is wedged between two houses," said a spokesperson for the force.
"We received the call just before 12.55pm. No-one has been injured."
The incident has blocked the road and is causing delays to traffic.
We understand that the house the lorry collided with is empty, but the landlady has been told.
Efforts are under way to deflate the lorry's tyres in a bid to get it under guttering on a house.
(Image: Lorraine Merchant)
More as we get it.
Can anything be done to stop the raves in the Forest of Dean?
White House adviser and first daughter Ivanka Trump co-hosted a conference call with reporters Tuesday, walking out when they got questions they didn't like, according to a Tuesday CBS News report.
The call was officially in preparation for “White House Sports and Fitness Day.”
One reporter asked Ivanka about the Chinese trademarks awarded to their company. Per Politico, an aide quickly diverted the question to the press office.
The next reporter asked about President Donald Trump's fitness regimen after Dr. Ronny Jackson advised them to lose some weight earlier this year. That inquiry was a bridge too far–Ivanka reportedly ducked off the call to “step out for another meeting.”
After Ivanka's cut and run, another reporter asked if first lady Melania Trump, who has not been seen in public since May 10, would be at the event. The press aide reportedly did not answer and Melania kept up their streak with a no-show at Tuesday's festivities.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
A colourful spider spotted in Gloucestershire prompted calls to the county's resident celebrity spider expert after 'slight' concerns about its bright red colour.
The eight-legged critter was seen scuttling into an office block in Cheltenham.
Despite some apprehension, one brave Gloucestershire Live reporter took pictures of the spider due to its vividness.
But while bright colours can often indicate animals are poisonous it turns out there's nothing to worry about with this little fella, well not quite.
The ‘emergency' call to the county's resident expert on everything with lots of legs, professor Adam Hart of the University of Gloucestershire, revealed it was in fact a woodlouse spider.
“It's scientific name is Dysdera crocata - so called because it primarily hunts and eats woodlice,” they said.
“It is not harmful although it is one of the species in the UK that has been known to give a nip if handled.
“Apparently the symptoms are a little localised itching, so technically it is venomous - but the chances of getting bitten are essentially zero! So nothing to worry about.”
Between slightly trivial calls from Gloucestershire Live, Professor Hart has made a name with their three BBC TV documentaries Planet Ant, Life on Planet and Hive Alive.
They have also written more than 70 scientific papers as well as written and presented numerous BBC Radio 4 and BBC World Service documentaries, as well as authored book The Life of Poo about human's relationship with bacteria.
The commonly used antibiotic azithromycin is not linked to an increased risk of ventricular arrhythmia, an often life-threatening rapid, irregular heartbeat, according to a large study published in CMAJ (Canadian Medical Association Journal).
Azithromycin is an antibiotic commonly used to treat bacterial infections -- mostly respiratory and urinary tract infections -- in people of all ages. It belongs to a class of drugs known as macrolides, of which at least one other drug, erythromycin, is known to disrupt the heart's normal rhythm, leading to a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia.
Several recent studies have reported conflicting results over whether azithromycin is linked to an increased risk of death from ventricular arrhythmia in people taking the antibiotic. To provide clarity among these conflicting findings, a team of European researchers looked at data on nearly 29 million people in health care databases from Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands and Denmark to determine if there is a link between azithromycin and ventricular arrhythmia.
Of the more than 14 million new antibiotic users, 0.1% (12 874) people developed ventricular arrhythmia, of whom 30 were new users of azithromycin. When compared to amoxicillin, another commonly used antibiotic, from the penicillin class of drugs, there was no increased risk of this heart condition in people using azithromycin. However, there was an increased risk of ventricular arrhythmia in people taking azithromycin compared to people not using antibiotics at all.
"This finding suggests that the risk of ventricular arrhythmia is more likely to be due to a person's poor health and caused by their infection, rather than to azithromycin itself," says Dr. Gianluca Trifirò, Department of Biomedical and Dental Sciences and Morpho-functional Imaging, University of Messina, Italy. "This finding was confirmed in several sensitivity analyses and replicated in single databases participating in the study."
The authors note these findings may not be applied in hospital settings as the health of patients and use of antibiotics is quite different in community settings, from which the data were drawn.
"Current azithromycin use was associated with an increased risk of ventricular arrhythmia when compared with nonuse of antibiotics, but not when compared with current amoxicillin use. The decreased risk with an active comparator suggests significant confounding by indication," the authors conclude.
###
The study was conducted by researchers from Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands; University of Messina, Messina, Italy; Italian College of General Practitioners, Florence, Italy; PHARMO Institute for Drug Outcomes Research, Utrecht, Netherlands; Leibniz Institute for Prevention Research and Epidemiology - BIPS Gmbh, Bremen, Germany; University of Bologna, Italy; Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark; and King's College, London, United Kingdom.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
Monday while reacting to NFL players Michael Bennett and Marshawn Lynch sitting for the national anthem before preseason games last week, ESPN “Pardon the Interruption” co-host Tony Kornheiser questioned the purpose of even playing the “The Star Spangled Banner” at professional sporting events.
advertisement
“If you don't want to stand for the anthem, you don't have to,” Kornheiser said. “A lot of times I say it in half jest, but I'm getting to the point where it's not even half jest anymore. I don't even know why they play the anthem. I mean, play the Beach Boys. I like the Beach Boys.”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-Arizona St.-Kansas Box
No. 16 ARIZONA ST. 95, No. 2 KANSAS 85 ARIZONA ST. (9-0)
White 6-11 1-1 13, Shibel 1-1 0-0 3, Justice 2-10 1-2 7, Evans 8-14 1-2 22, Holder 8-16 9-12 29, Lake 0-1 0-0 0, Mitchell 0-1 0-0 0, Martin 8-11 3-3 21. Totals 33-65 15-20 95.
KANSAS (7-2)
Azubuike 6-7 1-1 13, Newman 5-12 0-0 13, Vick 11-15 0-0 25, Graham 7-16 0-0 19, Mykhailiuk 3-14 5-6 14, Lightfoot 0-1 1-2 1, Garrett 0-2 0-0 0. Totals 32-67 7-9 85.
Halftime_Kansas 40-37. 3-Point Goals_Arizona St. 14-28 (Evans 5-9, Holder 4-7, Martin 2-2, Justice 2-9, Shibel 1-1), Kansas 14-38 (Graham 5-11, Vick 3-6, Newman 3-8, Mykhailiuk 3-11, Garrett 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Arizona St. 26 (Justice 9), Kansas 34 (Azubuike 9). Assists_Arizona St. 17 (Holder 7), Kansas 19 (Graham 8). Total Fouls_Arizona St. 13, Kansas 16. A_16,300 (16,300).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. (AP) — There may be no more potent reminder of California's humongous snowfall than the plows still clearing roads that snake across the state's highest mountains as summer approaches.
Crews have been digging, blowing and blasting for months — and the work is not finished, though an approaching heat wave could speed up the process.
“We're almost at the middle of June and we still have lots of passes that aren't open,” said Florene Trainor, a spokesperson for the California Department of Transportation.
Few roads traverse the Sierra Nevada, the rocky spine running 400 miles up the state that is home to Yosemite National Park. Mountain passes are typically open by Memorial Day.
The only road through Yosemite, Highway 120, remained closed this week as crews dig out from snows that topped 20 feet and drifted well over 50 feet.
On a recent day, the park's entrance station at 9,945-foot high Tioga Pass was buried in snow.
But the serenity of the Sierra Nevada, with birds chirping beneath snow-crested peaks that tower above 12,000 feet, was shaken by the roar and beep of plows, excavators and massive machines carving through 15-foot snowbanks and moving giant blocks of snow. Big snow blowers sent plumes arcing through the air and off the side of the road.
As the Caltrans crew dug the entrance out from the east, a crew from the park was working from the west to clear the road that winds its way to Yosemite Valley, the park's top destination.
Caltrans had begun inching its way up the road more than two months ago when it seemed more like winter. It snowed on and off throughout the spring, with a late-season storm hitting last weekend.
The air is clean and views are stunning, but working here is not for the faint of heart as drivers maneuver large machines along narrow ribbons that feel suspended above an abyss. Helicopter footage shot this spring for Caltrans showed the small margin for error in places where the road clung to cliffs and then vanished under a white blanket where the path was obscured.
“It's spooky, it's nerve-wracking … especially when you can't see the road. You're on a big sled,” said Clint Weier, a maintenance superintendent with Caltrans. “Some of our operators up here have had some wow factors.”
Avalanches stampede down granite walls, taking trees and rocks with them that choke roads. In one section, tree trunks and branches from a previous slide poked from sheer snowbanks littered with pine needles and other debris from a previous snow slide.
Rockslides pose a threat even after workers use charges and other methods to release snow slides to alleviate the danger. Slides and the crushing weight of the snowpack damaged guardrails in some places that serve as the lone barrier between the road and a precipitous drop that plunges hundreds of feet east of the park entrance.
A Yosemite plow driver was killed by an avalanche in 1995 and now maintenance workers in the park complete avalanche safety courses to work on the road, park spokesperson Scott Gediman said.
The park's official map notes that the eastern entrance atop the state's highest automobile pass is typically closed through May, but it usually opens later after a snowy winter, Gediman said Tuesday. There's no date yet to open the road through the park.
Just to the north of the park, Sonora Pass opened Tuesday. Ebbetts Pass farther north remains closed, said Skip Allum, a Caltrans spokesperson. To the south, crews plowed the road over Minaret Summit near Mammoth Mountain ski area.
In Lassen Volcanic National Park, much farther north, deep snow still buries the road that circles the southernmost peak in the Cascade Range. The road is expected to open in early July.
The snowpack presented an additional challenge this year because it was heavily saturated with water. The dense and frozen snow was harder to cut through, heavier to move and broke equipment, Paul Jensen, a Caltrans plow driver, said.
Jensen has been working overtime all spring to get the road into Yosemite open and hasn't minded working weekends. They consider it a labor of love.
“Twenty years and I'm still not tired of it,” Jensen said. “It's my favorite time of the year.”
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles.
CHATHAM, Ont. — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Highway 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg, Ont., mother and their son.
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton, Ont., pleaded guilty in a Chatham, Ont., court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm.
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and their son 14-year-old Kyle Brundritt, who were passengers in a pickup truck, died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30, 2017.
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
From the company that brought you the option of letting a courier inside your home comes a new service: package delivery inside your car.
Amazon is expanding its in-home delivery service called Key to include deliveries to trunks and backseats of cars. The service is available only to Amazon Prime members in 37 cities who have a 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac or Volvo with an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account.
Essentially these are already connected cars that can be remotely unlocked — in this case for package delivery, which Amazon promises within a four-hour window. The shopper has to confirm that they've parked within range of the delivery location — in a publicly accessible area — and can track the progress through the Amazon Key app.
Amazon has devoted much effort to figuring out how to stop its packages from being stolen from porches and public spaces, which is costing the company a pretty penny. With in-car service, Amazon can use shoppers' cars as secure mail drop boxes.
This is also the extension of Amazon's ongoing effort to come up with new ways to lure customers into its universe with convenience and speed. Early on, it was free two-day shipping for people who pay a monthly or yearly Prime subscription. Then came Internet-connected buttons that auto-order a specific item and shopping via voice commands to a smart home device. Now, it's remotely controlled, app-connected locks on houses and cars to let couriers inside.
In February, Amazon bought Ring, a smart-doorbell maker that can stream audio and video a phone, which followed the launch of the company's own Internet-connected home security camera called Cloud Cam. Amazon has pitched the camera and its Amazon Key app for use not just for in-home deliveries, but also keyless entry for a growing number of home-service providers that can be hired through Amazon, such as dog walkers and house cleaners.
Most of the special services appeal to Prime subscribers, a membership service that typically costs $99 a year in the U.S. — one that Amazon is aggressively growing. Last week, for the first time, CEO Jeff Bezos disclosed that the number of Prime subscribers topped 100 million.
General Motors' OnStar and Volvo On Call are also subscription services, which tend to come with some free-of-charge periods but can run up to $350 a year.
Market Overview:
Agricultural ecosystems are heavily dependent on agrochemicals to manage the soil quality and their yields. Market focused reports related to the agriculture sector among others recently have been made available by Market Research Future which publishes reports on this market. The industry is estimated to show a positive level of growth while achieving high levels of revenue in the forecast period.
With the level of importance placed on maintaining soil quality to ensure good quality and high yields have contributed to the development of the market. In this market, the nitrogenous fertilizers segment are expected to further boost the development of the market in the duration of the forecast period. Rising awareness for sustainable agriculture along with the rising population and climate change trends globally have boosted the scope of development of the market favorably. Increased need to meet food requirements is expected to transform the market significantly over the forecast period.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1267
Competitive Analysis:
The intensifying levels of diversification in the industry, have enabled the companies to apply many opportunities available in the industry. The competency to fuel competitive abilities is one of the principal causes powering their efforts in this period. Moreover, the competitors are handling the competitive environment by driving the market growth factors to their advantage. The firms in this market are adjusting to the state of events by executing portfolio upgrades and preserving financial liquidity. The prospects for development in the industry appears to be favorable through the forecast period. The market contenders are planning their blueprints for corporate strategy in a way can bring about the best results for development in the current scenario, while also parallelly enhancing their product's value. The market value has been enhanced significantly by the constant delivery of customer value.
Bayer CropScience Limited (Germany), Arysta LifeScience Corporation (Japan), The Dow Chemical Company (the U.S.), The Mosaic Company (the U.S.), Syngenta AG (Switzerland), BASF SE (Germany), Adama Agricultural Solutions Ltd (Israel), Nufarm Limited (Australia), Monsanto Company (the U.S.), and Crystal Crop Protection Pvt. Ltd. (India) among others are a few of the noteworthy competitors who are part of the agrochemicals market globally.
Industry Updates:
April 2018 Bayer AG's request to sell its seed, pesticide and agricultural technology assets has been approved recently by the European Commission. The request to sell their technology assets to their competitor BASF SE to dispel antitrust concerns over its proposed $62 billion acquisition of agrochemical company Monsanto Co. Earlier, Bayer had received conditional approval of the deal in March after the company provided new commitments where it settled to divest its seed treatment products and assets to BASF, contrasting with Monsanto's seed treatment assets, and its digital agriculture assets and products globally.
Segments:
The Agrochemicals Market globally is segmented into the segments of type, product type, and region. The type basis divides the market into pesticides and fertilizers. The segment based on fertilizers product type segments the market into potassic, nitrogenous, and phosphatic. On the other hand, the pesticides product type segments the market into insecticides, fungicides, herbicides, and bio-pesticides. On the basis of crop type, the market is segmented into cash crops, food grains, plantation crops and horticulture crops. The region wise segmentation of the market segments the market into Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of the Agrochemcials Market comprises of regions like Latin America, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, and the Middle East & Africa. The Asia Pacific controls the main share in the market among the regions being studied. The developing economies of these countries of this region, which include India and China, are widely exposed to farming and agro-based industries. The food grain market is the major segment for this region. Moreover, India & China are the largest importers and exporters in this region. Due to the majority of the global population in the Asia Pacific region and changing diet patterns are the key factors for this market's growth rate. It is also expected that the demand for food grains in this region are among the major drivers for the agro based chemical market growth in the forecast period.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/agrochemicals-market-1267
The Middle East & African region has emerged as the foremost market region for Agrochemicals followed by North America and Europe. The North American market is expected to observe tremendous development on account of high consumption of bio-pesticides, growing food demand, and awareness of eco-friendly pesticides. In the North American region, the U.S. is expected to be the main contributor in the regional growth of the market and is likely to see a significant demand surge for bio-pesticides during the forecast period, In Europe, the demand for Agrochemicals is projected to grow. The countries such as Argentina, Colombia, and Brazil in Latin America are also expected to observe substantial growth due to growing demand for food supply to growing population as well as the development of new technologies and bio-pesticides awareness in the market.
By The Associated Press
THROUGH DECEMBER 10
Scoring
G FG FT PTS AVG Harden, HOU 24 237 195 775 32.3 Antetokounmpo, MIL 24 262 181 716 29.8 James, CLE 27 295 119 764 28.3 Curry, GOL 23 192 139 606 26.3 Cousins, NOR 27 244 159 708 26.2 Lillard, POR 25 207 167 652 26.1 Durant, GOL 22 208 94 563 25.6 Porzingis, NYK 22 199 122 561 25.5 Davis, NOR 23 209 144 577 25.1 Oladipo, IND 26 229 109 638 24.5 Booker, PHX 25 213 120 608 24.3 Beal, WAS 26 221 118 619 23.8 Irving, BOS 27 235 108 640 23.7 Griffin, LAC 19 150 107 448 23.6 DeRozan, TOR 24 199 149 563 23.5 Westbrook, OKC 25 199 125 569 22.8 Aldridge, SAN 26 226 121 589 22.7 Walker, CHA 23 169 127 520 22.6 Embiid, PHL 22 173 132 493 22.4 McCollum, POR 24 190 62 504 21.0
FG Percentage
FG FGA PCT Jordan, LAC 107 160 .669 Capela, HOU 134 203 .660 Adams, OKC 128 200 .640 Kanter, NYK 131 219 .598 Collins, ATL 103 174 .592 Whiteside, MIA 93 160 .581 James, CLE 295 512 .576 Davis, NOR 209 368 .568 Howard, CHA 149 268 .556 Favors, UTA 141 254 .555
Rebounds
G OFF DEF TOT AVG Drummond, DET 26 128 270 398 15.3 Jordan, LAC 24 116 227 343 14.3 Cousins, NOR 27 55 281 336 12.4 Howard, CHA 25 88 223 311 12.4 Towns, MIN 27 73 240 313 11.6 Capela, HOU 24 79 189 268 11.2 Jokic, DEN 21 55 168 223 10.6 Davis, NOR 23 54 190 244 10.6 Embiid, PHL 22 53 180 233 10.6 Love, CLE 26 65 205 270 10.4
Assists
G AST AVG Westbrook, OKC 25 247 9.9 Harden, HOU 24 220 9.2 James, CLE 27 235 8.7 Simmons, PHL 25 192 7.7 Teague, MIN 23 169 7.3 Green, GOL 25 183 7.3 Lowry, TOR 24 171 7.1 Ball, LAL 25 177 7.1 Curry, GOL 23 151 6.6 Schroder, ATL 24 154 6.4
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018 photo, Palestinian security forces participate in a training drill on how to retake a police station that has come under attack, at the Jordan International Police Training Center, in the Jordanian town of al-Muwaqqar, about 34 miles (55 km) southeast of the capital, Amman. Jordan has become a regional center for training visiting counterterrorism forces from across the Middle East, Africa and Asia, with key programs backed by the United States. (AP Photo/Raad Adayleh)
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018 photo, Palestinian security forces participate in a training drill on how to retake a police station that has come under attack, at the Jordan International Police Training Center, in the Jordanian town of al-Muwaqqar, about 34 miles (55 km) southeast of the capital, Amman. Jordan has become a regional center for training visiting counterterrorism forces from across the Middle East, Africa and Asia, with key programs backed by the United States. (AP Photo/Raad Adayleh)
AL-MUWAQQAR, Jordan (AP) - A SWAT team from Iraq's Anbar province observed U.S. instructors responding to a bomb threat in a drill at a U.S.-backed counter-terrorism training center in Jordan.
In Sunday's exercise, U.S instructors prepared explosive charges, including an improvised one using water bottles, to detonate the suspected bomb.
In another section of the Jordan International Police Training Center, Palestinian security forces practiced seizing an armed suspect who had taken over a police station.
More than 7,150 Jordanians and about 1,900 officers from 21 other nations have participated in courses by the State Department's Anti-Terrorism Assistance program at the site. Thousands of Palestinians have been trained in a different program.
Training includes shooting skills and field medicine, but is adjusted to local needs, said John C. Myers, the ATA program manager in Jordan.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
Neil Clark writes in RT, interjecting tweets that are not visible in OffGuardian.
Will World War III kick off this week because of the bellicose actions of a buffoonish leader with a dodgy hair-cut and their sinister nuclear-armed warmongering rogue state? Or, can Donald Trump and the US be deterred?
Of course, in State Department-friendly Western media, it's North Korea and its leadership who are routinely portrayed as the nut jobs. But you don't have to carry a torch for the North Korean government or be a card-carrying member of the Kim Jong-un Appreciation Society to acknowledge that the country's leadership has actually been behaving very rationally. Because recent history tells us that the best way to deter an attack from the US and its allies is not to disarm, dress up as John Lennon and make statements about how much you desire peace, but to do the exact opposite.
Consider what happened to Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya. Like the DPRK, all three were US ‘target states'. And all three were destroyed and their leaders killed. Do we honestly think these countries would have been attacked had they possessed nukes or missiles that could reach US targets? Of course not. Detailed analysis of these conflicts shows us that the Empire gets its way through a mixture of bluff followed by the use of military force, but only when it believes the risks are minimal, or non-existent. If it believes the risks are too high, it backs off and starts talking about the need for ‘dialogue' and ‘diplomacy'.
To understand how the global hegemon acts in the international arena we don't need to study huge academic textbooks, only remember what happens in the school playground.
In 1999, Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic not only lacked ICBMs, but strong international allies who were prepared to stand by their country in its hour of need. Even though the Russian military were champing at the bit to help their historical Slavic allies in Belgrade, Yeltsin and the ruling elite in Russia were purportedly given financial inducements to stay out. Whether or not that is true, a new IMF loan was conveniently agreed just a week after NATO began its illegal aerial bombing campaign.
The US only expected military action to last a few days before ‘Slobo' would cave in and accept the Western military alliance's right to occupy mineral-rich Kosovo and have free unhindered access over the whole of Yugoslavia.
“I don't see this as a long-term operation. I think this is something that is achievable within a relatively short space of time,”boasted Secretary of State Madeline Albright.
But Slobo and the stoical Serbs did not cave in. As the bombing campaign continued, splits began to emerge in NATO between the hawks, comprised of the US and Britain, and the countries from continental Europe who favored dialogue with Belgrade.
On April 15, 1999, the Guardian reported that “American officials rejected a six-point German peace plan which included a 24-hour bombing pause, a United Nations peacekeeping force and civilian monitors.” It went on to note how British Prime Minister Tony Blair “also gave the plan a polite cold shoulder.”
NATO atrocities, such as the killing of 16 civilians in the bombing of Serbian State Television – a clear war crime – and the bombing of a passenger train and a convoy of Kosovan Albanians, were beginning to turn public opinion against the ‘humanitarian' operation. With the war not going to plan, it was time once again for the US to make threats. To increase the pressure on Milosevic- the Yugoslav President was indicted as a war criminal, a process I described here.
In addition, hints were made that NATO was planning a ground invasion. President Clinton declared on 18th May 1999 that they “would not take any option off the table.”
Victor Chernomyrdin, Yeltsin's envoy, flew to Belgrade to persuade Milosevic to accept NATO's terms – or face an escalation of the war.
But would there really have been boots on the ground or was it one big bluff? Evidence suggests the latter. NATO's supreme commander Wesley Clark revealed in their memoirs that the Alliance's top political leaders had reached no consensus over sending in ground troops. And would NATO have gotten away with intensifying its air campaign? Clark also admitted that by mid-May, NATO “had gone about as far as possible with the air strikes.”
I'm sure that seven years later, as they lay in their prison cell a sick man, denied the proper medical treatment which their heart condition required, Milosevic regretted not saying ‘nyet' to Chernomyrdin in 1999 and calling Washington's bluff.
Four years later it was the turn of oil-rich Iraq to be attacked.
Saddam Hussein and their Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz repeatedly told the world's media that their country possessed no WMDs.
They were accused of lying by western neocons, but the endless war lobby knew the Iraqi leadership was telling the truth. Saddam's country was attacked not because it possessed weapons of mass destruction, but because it didn't. With its air defenses severely weakened after years of Allied bombing, and its own air force decimated in the first Gulf War, Iraq was a sitting duck. Bush and Blair lied about the country being a “threat” – and 1m Iraqis eventually died.
Over in oil-rich Libya, Muammar Gaddafi drew absolutely the wrong conclusions about what had happened to Iraq. Eagerly seeking the end of US sanctions on their country, they foolishly agreed in December 2003 to eliminate their WMDs program. They should have reacted to ‘Shock and Awe' by building up their arsenal, but instead, falling for the silver-tongued promises of Western leaders who were going to end their country's isolation, they did the opposite.
George W. Bush hailed their decision as a “wise and sensible choice.”
Tony Blair, for their part, said: “This courageous decision by Colonel Gaddafi is an historic one. I applaud it. It will make the region and the world more secure.”
But of course, it didn't. It only paved the way for the destruction of Gaddafi's country by the same countries whose leaders had hailed them as ‘wise' and ‘sensible' a few years earlier.
Again, I'm sure that eight years later, as Gaddafi lay in their underground hideout, trying to escape capture from US-backed ‘rebels'(who eventually killed them in the most brutal way imaginable), they bitterly regretted their decision to disarm.
Which brings us back to North Korea.
It's clear that Kim Jong-un has seen what happened to Milosevic, Saddam and Gaddafi and the devastation wreaked on their countries and acted accordingly. North Korea's strategy is clearly based on the belief, borne out by events described above, that the US is a bully which only attacks the weak. Thus, saber-rattling and generally playing a ‘high line' is the best way to avoid attack. We must remember too that North Korea lost around 1m people in the Korean War 1950-53, many from an intensive US bombing campaign.
Of course, the neocons in Washington don't like it when a country stands up to them in this way, which is why the former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who never let their guard down for one moment, got such a terrible press. The Empire seeks to prevent ‘target states' developing nuclear weapons capabilities as it knows that if they do it won't be able to threaten them. It's revealing to note that the strongest supporters of ‘nuclear deterrence' in the West are also the strongest opponents of countries such as Iran or DPRK acquiring nuclear weapons.
‘We' need nukes to defend ourselves from attack, but it is deemed totally outrageous if countries in the global south, which ‘we' threaten on a routine basis, seek to acquire such weapons for the same reason.
To deter a US attack, North Korea, or indeed any other country in the line of fire, has to convince the serial warmongers in Washington that the cost of launching such an assault would be too high. Being ‘nice' and singing ‘Give Peace a Chance' won't cut the mustard. Remember that John Lennon, who wrote and sang that song, lost their lives from a gunshot.
While Saddam implored the West, ‘Believe me, I have no WMDs,' Kim Jong-un has done the exact opposite and talked up their country's capabilities. However, Kim knows that words alone are not enough; they also need to demonstrate that North Korean projectiles can be a threat to the US. Hence the announcement on Wednesday that it was ‘carefully considering' a plan to fire four missiles into the sea off the island of Guam, home to two US bases.
Of course, Pyongyang's strategy is high risk, especially with such a volatile individual as Donald Trump – who seems desperate to earn neocon approval to avoid a possible impeachment – in The White House.
Recent history though suggests that North Korea, by keeping its fists clenched and continuing to indulge in missile ‘willy-waving' is doing absolutely the right thing. The big lesson of the last thirty years is surely that deterrence works. If you're a ‘target state' and can't deter the warmongers in Washington, you're in grave danger. Just ask the ghosts of Slobodan Milosevic, Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi.
By Craig Peterson
97.1 The Ticket
Spare me the “you never know” routine and the “second season” bit along with my personal favorite, “anything can happen once you get in.”
The Detroit Lions backing into the playoffs by way of an 0-3 finish to the season and needing a Washington Redskins loss on Sunday, was the worst thing that could've happened.
Look at the big picture. This Lions team is far from being a legitimate contender this year. They can't compete with top-tier NFL opponents, which is blatantly apparent based on their 0-5 record against fellow playoff teams.
Couple that with an abundance of glaring needs across the roster: a legitimate running game, an elite receiver in the passing game, defensive line and secondary help, to state some of their more obvious voids.
The Lions' second playoff appearance in three seasons under coach Jim Caldwell is simply a short-term mirage covering up the reality of the organization's long-term necessities.
The Seattle Seahawks will certainly dispose of the Lions in Seattle on Saturday in the first round of the NFL playoffs. Pete Carroll is 40-6 at home since 2012, including 4-0 in the playoffs. This would leave the big boys of the league to decide who's top dog, while Matthew Stafford and Co. get an early jump on the offseason.
That offseason is sure to be one of the more important ones in recent memory, as general manager Bob Quinn will continue to shape this team in their image. They were relatively tame in 2016, making cautious and calculated moves. So if the Lions are to make a real threat at a Super Bowl under Quinn's supervision, they need to address many of the asupervisorstioned holes in the depth chart.
The answer to those voids will not be found in any playoff game. A 1,000-yard rusher will not emerge from their Wild Card game with the Seahawks. The next Calvin Johnson will not come down with a jump ball in a possible Divisional Championship against Dallas. And a game-changing phenom that would bolster the Lions defense will not await them in an NFC title game.
The only way Quinn can possibly turn the Lions into a contender and even consider bringing a championship to Detroit is building this team up through the draft. That challenge got exponentially more difficult with each last-minute, game-winning miracle drive beginning in Week 1 against the Indianapolis Colts and ending with the New York Giants' 19-10 win over the Redskins, opening the door to a Lions postseason.
The best that Quinn can now hope to work with is a 21st overall pick on April 27th when the NFL Draft gets underway in Philadelphia. A team with real needs cannot fill those holes selecting from the back half of the order. Just ask Ken Holland, who's been looking for the solution to their blue line dilemma with the Detroit Red Wings since the NHL implemented its salary cap in 2004.
Enjoy the thrilling, late-game heroics of the 2016 Lions. Savor this illustrious playoff appearance because it will be over before Seahawks fans raise the 12th Man Flag at CenturyLink Field on Saturday. Cling to this brief playoff appearance and squeeze every last bit of enjoyment out of the trip to Seattle because it cost the Bob Quinn rebuild project immensely.
(CNN) -- Celebrity chef Jose Andres wants President Donald Trump to know that their offer to end their legal battle is still on the table.
In December, Andres tweeted about the litigation and suggested an end to their fight stemming from Trump's controversial remarks about Mexican immigrants.
"Mr. @realDonaldTrump can we end our lawsuits and we donate $ to a Veterans NGO to celebrate? Why keep litigating? Let's both of us win," Andres tweeted.
"I offer it because they have to run the country," Andres told CNN's Anderson Cooper on "AC360." "And I have to run my little group of restaurants. Why don't we put that on the side? Unfortunately, no response yet."
In July 2015, Andres backed out of a plan to open up a restaurant in the lobby of the Trump International Hotel in Washington after Trump called undocumented Mexican immigrants "rapists" and "criminals" when they launched their bid for president.
Trump then sued Andres for breach of contract in August 2015, causing both Andres and fellow chef Geoffrey Zakarian -- who also backed out of their deal to open up a restaurant in the hotel -- to file counter-claims. They've been locked in a battle for more than a year.
Andres, who campaigned for Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election told Cooper that they were surprised by Trump's lawsuit. They recounted a phone call from the then-Republican presidential candidate prior to the lawsuit, where they attempted to address Andres' concerns.
"He said, 'Jose we're winning,'" Andres told Cooper. "Mr. Trump, I'm not running on your ticket. I only want to run a successful restaurant and you're making it really difficult."
Andres added that they told Trump their behavior needs to change. But according to Andres, Trump suggested they wait until after the election to discuss immigration reform.
Andres said they fired back, "Mr. Trump, this is almost nine months away. I need to find a solution to what's happening right now. And right now you are making, with your comments, our business almost impossible."
Just days before their inauguration, Trump was deposed in the lawsuit against Andres. Lawyers in both cases said at the time that there was no chance of a settlement.
Daniella Diaz contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Motorists in Inniskeen have taken to social media in recent days to vent their anger at a particularly bad stretch of road in the area, which is pockmarked with potholes.
One motorist stated that they had cracked an alloy on their car due to the state of the road in recent times.
The stretch of road is at Moyles in Inniskeen, near the church.
Another person expressed their concerns for the safety of road users in general.
"Bad enough cars about (but) anyone on a bike hits that on dark evening be killed."
Another social media user said that the roads are not up to the job for the level of traffic on them.
"Roads are just not fit for the heavy loads on them everyday. Doesn't matter if fixed will always go bad again and again each time.
NHL big wigs were at Ottawa City Hall on Friday meeting with Mayor Jim Watson over the Ottawa Senators' plan to redevelop LeBreton Flats and move the franchise downtown.
Senators' owner Eugene Melnyk, accompanied by NHL commissioner Gary Bettman and deputy commissioner Bill Daly, met with Watson to provide an update on negotiations for the redevelopment of LeBreton Flats, along with other issues.
Having Bettman and Daly on hand for a meeting with Watson is significant. It's paramount that Melnyk and the Senators have the backing of the league to build the arena downtown and Melnyk has been bullish that this move is important for the future of the franchise.
“I try to keep posted on their activities because obviously LeBreton is our biggest planning file in the downtown and I wanted to get their perspective on how things are going,” Watson told the Citizen on Monday.
Melnyk, who was seen Friday leaving city hall with a bearded Bettman at their side, didn't want to comment when contacted by email by the Citizen on Monday morning.
Melnyk's RendezVous LeBreton Group, which won preferred bidder status to develop the valuable land west of downtown, has been in negotiations with the National Capital Commission. The federal agency chose the RendezVous bid in a April 2016 and talks have been going on since then.
Formal discussions will eventually turn to impacts on the City of Ottawa and how much the project could cost the city. The issues are varied, from public transit to parkland maintenance. RendezVous could also get multimillion-dollar tax and fee breaks from the city to clean up the contaminated soil at LeBreton Flats.
It's unclear what kind of requests RendezVous might make to city hall.
There have been some discussions at the staff level, “but I haven't been involved in those,” Watson said.
According to Watson, who's also a non-voting member of the NCC board, the hockey bosses are eager to push the massive project forward.
“I think the NHL and the Senators would like to see it go faster than it is, but my view is let's get this right,” Watson said. “It's a complicated deal in terms of who's going to be responsible for what. I gave them an update on my undertaking to bring a list of principles in terms of our negotiations on the property later this fall. I told them I'd keep them posted when we table that with council.”
That list of principles, which is expected to be the city's opening position in negotiations, should come to council by October.
“If I get council's approval in terms of the principles, that would give us the formal mandate to sit down and negotiate and they seem fine with that,” Watson said.
Watson said the city wants to make sure the project succeeds, especially since the LRT line will cut through LeBreton Flats and the site will be serviced by two stations.
The presence of Bettman and Daly at city hall is a good indication the league is behind Melnyk in their desire to build a new rink in Ottawa. The Senators haven't revealed what would happen to the Canadian Tire Centre if they move but they want to hold off on that until the LeBreton deal is in place.
The Senators are hoping to hold opening night at their new downtown arena in October 2021 if everything falls into place in negotiations with the NCC, but there's still a lot of work to be done for that to become reality. The NCC noted last November it was “cautiously optimistic” it would get a deal done with RendezVous LeBreton.
Ideally, both sides would like to an agreement in place by early 2018 so work can begin in earnest.
The centrepiece of Melnyk's bid is the new home of Senators, but it also includes a community centre for the disabled along with a double ice pad. There will be affordable housing plus shopping and an entertainment district.
jwilling@postmedia.com
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
A Texas restaurant's pre- and post-transition Caitlyn Jenner bathrooms are getting a mixed reaction, with the restaurant saying it's lighthearted and some saying it's insensitive. Screenshot from Facebook
The Garden State Quality of Life Index has dropped to a 38-year low. Only half of New Jerseyans say the state is an excellent (15 percent) or good (39 percent) place to live. Twenty-nine percent rate it as merely fair and 17 percent rate it as an outright poor place to hang their hats. That adds up to a positive rating of 54 percent; it hasn't been that low since 1980.
The results come from the latest Monmouth University Poll, which also pinpoints things that contribute to the liverish outlook of so many New Jerseyans. Top of the list comes the state's highest-in-the-nation property taxes. Forty-five percent of residents rate property taxes as one of the most crucial issues the state faces. According to the poll, it's far and away the biggest concern. Other things that knit our brows: additional taxes (25 percent), education (16 percent), jobs (14 percent), the economy and general cost of living (14 percent), transportation infrastructure (14 percent), and, finally, crime, guns, and drugs (12 percent).
Click here for the full article »
Australian surfing legend Mick Fanning has spoken in detail about the moment they came face to face with a great white shark in South Africa in 2015.
Fanning relived the encounter on Seven's new program Interview, hosted by Andrew Denton, which was broadcast for the first time tonight.
The incident at J-Bay lasted only moments, but Fanning said it seemed much longer.
“When you're really scared things just seem like they can go for eternity,” they told Denton.
“That's how that went. That to me felt like a good, maybe five minutes.
“I was just about to get on my board and start moving and then all of a sudden I heard a splash.
“And I knew something was wrong.”
Fanning said they tried to kick the shark away, but it was caught on their leg rope and was pulling them under.
“I had zero power, zero power, like the thing was so strong,” they said.
“I guess it's like people trying to wrestle a bull or something. It does what it wants.
“It hit me and I was just trying to get my board in between it and make sure I was away from the jaws.”
Camera Icon The moment the shark struck.
Fanning said the shark severed their leg rope, separating them from their board, and they went into flight or fight mode.
“The shark actually circled back and bumped me – and that was when I punched it,” they said.
“I was just trying to get away from it.
“It wasn't going for me. It was going for my board.
“The last I saw was the fin on top of my board and it was sailing off into the sunset.
“It was like, board's gone, I'm trying to get in.”
Despite the encounter, Fanning said they felt in awe of sharks, describing them as beautiful and majestic creatures.
“Everyone always thinks about sharks that they're these crazy attackers. I put them in the same category as a lion,” they said.
“When you see them your just in awe of them, just the power and the brute strength.
“It's only when they're hungry, that's when they turn.”
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
If you thought it was hot last week, spare a thought for the parched folk of Dunleer back in 1895.
According to a report in the Democrat on July 1st of that year, following a sustained drought, the great people of that mid-Louth village were so overcome with emotion and hysteria that when rain eventually fell upon their scorched heads in late June, they all actively lost their minds.
“On Wednesday afternoon Dunleer was visited by a tremendous thunderstorm and torrents of rain came pouring down”, begins the Democrat's report (rather forebodingly it must be said).
“It being such a novelty and so long since rain visited before, the people came out of doors and lifted their hands and their hearts in thanksgiving for the great shower.”
Now, I wasn't in Dunleer last week, so I'm not sure if the same sense of frenzied hope for rain is brewing there in 2018, but, given the extensive warm, dry spell we are currently enduring, it wouldn't be beyond the realms of reasonable speculation to suggest that people there are about to snap because of the ‘hate'.
Keeping an eye on the weather is a love/hate hobby for Irish folk and we like nothing more than complaining about both the abundance of rain and then perversely the lack of it.
Moan as we might about our weather, at least we actually have “weather”. Our temperate northern European climate is such that the great variety of types of weather we experience means you could never be bored.
The great American comedian Bill Hicks ruminated on this in one of their stand-up shows when talking about the difference between Californian weather and the weather here:
“Every single day, hot and sunny. And they love it (in California). ‘Isn't it great, every day, hot and sunny?' What are you, a f**king lizard? Only reptiles feel that way about this kind of weather. I'm a mammal, I can afford coats, scarves, cappuccino and rosy-cheeked women.”
Closer to home, for the ultimate in accurate weather forecasting, there's really only one place to go. And that's ‘Louth Weather'. This meteorological marvel manages to be bang-on when it comes to forecasting around the county.
With 22,000 Facebook followers, I'm obviously not the only one who thinks this either.
There has yet to be a forecast that Louth Weather (LW) has posted which has been wide of the mark.
With a sense of humour drier than Dunleer in 1895, LW is excellent at managing expectation and keeping in check the more lurid and sensational online weather headlines that newspapers and other media outlets love to fling about the place with wild abandon whenever the wind picks up a tad or some gentle flakes of sneachta fall from above.
Be it extremes of cold (see the Beast from the East in March) or heat (right now) LW usually gives accurate, informed and detailed reports on a near daily basis.
Louth Weather's good with the nose as well. An update on Thursday probed the reason behind the faintest smell of smoke which was drifting across the north east of the country that afternoon. After studying some live digital satellite maps, LW traced the source of the stench to the ongoing wild fires on Saddleworth Moor just outside Manchester - better than Steve Martin's big-nosed firefighter in ‘Roxanne'! Of course, the big question really is - just who is Louth Weather? Answers to editor@dundalkdemocrat.ie, please.
ALEX Walmsley has signed a new four-year deal which will keep them at St Helens until the end of the 2022 season.
Walmlsey, 27, was linked with several NRL sides after breaking on to the international stage with England in 2017. FOX Sports' Market Watch column revealed that their management was shopping them to Australian teams for $500,000 per season from 2019 onwards.
Their new Saints deal will startle interested parties, as it may well eliminate the chances of them ever playing in the NRL. They will be past their prime by the time it expires, while luring them beforehand would no doubt attract a hefty transfer fee.
Walmsley said themselves before signing their new deal: “It [NRL] is certainly something I've thought about and it's something I'm open to but what I can say is, if I don't do it now, I won't ever do it.”
Camera Icon Alex Walmsley won't be coming to the NRL. Picture: Getty Images
The St Helens prop, whose previous deal was due to expire this year, put pen to paper on the eve of St Helens' Super League campaign - which kicked off with a romping 46-6 win over Castleford .
“This is superb news not only for the St Helens club but for the British game,” St Helens chairperson Eamonn McManus said.
“Alex is an international class player who has been at the forefront of the sport over the last few seasons.
Camera Icon Alex Walmsley was fancied as an excellent NRL prospect. Picture: Getty Images
“He has established themselves as one of the best forwards in the game and it is fair to say they can only get better too.
“We know Alex was courted by several NRL clubs and I have no doubt that this signing will be a boost for everyone in Super League.”
St Helens coach Justin Holbrook said NRL interest in Walmsley was deserved. They were a strong performer in the Saints' win over Castleford.
“There has been a lot of interest from clubs in the NRL and deservedly so,” Holbrook said.
“I believe Alex is the best forward in Super League and showed their qualities even further for England in the recent World Cup.”
Walmsley has played 148 games for St Helens, scoring 23 tries. They were a Man of Steel nominee in 2015 and won a premiership in 2014.
After today's Castleford win, they said: “I'm more than happy with my contract and what a great way to celebrate.”
Joining the fashion set for the fifth edition of the Vogue Paris Fashion Fund dinner at the Palais Galliera were figures from the music and film industries, with guests including Pharrell Williams, Lily-Rose Depp, Anthony Vaccarello, Kaia Gerber, Naomi Campbell, Emily Ratajkowski and Simon Porte Jacquemus. The weather was hot, but more spirit-loosening than energy draining, and the mood was playful during the pre-dinner cocktail hour.
Ratajkowski wore a Paco Rabanne top with large, shiny metal links under a suit coat — which they didn't dare open. “I can't because I would be naked,” they said ruefully. Relaxing after a work day, they caught up with Jeanne Damas and Jacquemus; the trio headed to a grand staircase that led to a garden, the Eiffel Tower looming ahead.
Kaia Gerber gently tugged at their paisley jacket, laden with beads — Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello, they said brightly.
For a hot second, Casey Spooner reveled in incognito mode, posing under the muscular leg of a marble statue, their Mugler jacket covered in fringes that nearly swept the ground. They had recently shaved their head as part of an experiment about persona, identity and the Internet; gone, too, was the mustache.
But soon they were summoned to greet a group of friends, and they startled one of them, Pedro Winter, with a familiar “Bonsoir, Pedro!” The shaggy-haired French DJ was slow to recognize Spooner, but quick to get the point, having worked all those years with Daft Punk — a pair famous for hiding their faces. The two launched into shop talk, with Spooner outlining plans for a tour of gay bars in smaller U.S. cities to create a “kind of safe place and excitement for the people that are most left out in America,” ahead of the midterm Congressional elections.
Pharrell Williams was less expansive about upcoming projects, revealing only that he's “just very excited.” That was an ambiguous response, they offered coyly before following it up with “you'll soon see, but I'm excited,” as they slightly narrowed their eyes.
Also enigmatic, Lou Doillon hinted at something lively for their next album, which she's just wrapping up. “We are going to be moving a bit — a bit,” they said, flashing a broad smile.
“I have cramps,” read the button on Camille Bidault Waddington's brown Chloé dress. The stylist said they felt things were getting a bit too serious as they dressed for the event. “I am Kara Walker,” read the other one, “because I like her,” they explained. Stephen Galloway, fresh off the plane from Los Angeles, sidled up and gave them a squeeze.
“How are you, my wife?” they teased, noting regretfully that they don't talk often enough.
“That's probably why we're still married,” said Bidault Waddington.
Also in town from L.A. was Elisa Sednaoui, who lives part of the time in London as well. They have been working with their educational foundation in Egypt, and, along with Tania Fares, setting up the board for CFDA Fashion Trust L.A.
“For an Italian Middle Eastern, there's nothing more relaxing than California and its progressive thinking,” they volunteered.
Adriana Lima, who heads to London next week for a shoot for Love magazine with Katie Grand, was still on a high from the energy of the Miu Miu show.
“Some people were excited — I could hear them,” they recalled, the memory still fresh.
AS THE PLAUDITS rained down on Corofin's players on Saturday and the default reaction was to admire the splendour of the play they had produced, it was worth noting the route they had journeyed to become champions.
Collecting two All-Ireland titles in four years sees Corofin move into exalted company on the overall roll of honour, joining St Vincent's and St Finbarr's on three titles apiece. Nemo Rangers on seven and Crossmaglen Rangers on six are still clear of the rest but Corofin are in the elite ranks now with three crowns.
The current Corofin setup have surpassed their club's trailblazers from 1998 and yet this wave of success will not erase the memories of some hard days. They lost an All-Ireland semi-final to Kilmacud Crokes in 2009 and an extra-time defeat arrived at the same stage twelve months later against St Galls.
Bernard Power, Ciaran McGrath, Kieran Fitzgerald, Gary Sice, Cathal Silke, Michael Farragher and Ronan Steede all played some part in those losses and are still knocking around now.
Afterwards Corofin suffered a controversial Connacht final loss in 2011 to St Brigid's and there were some wounding provincial reversals at the hands of Castlebar Mitchels as well. Yet the 2015 St Patrick's Day win over Slaughtneil was a landmark one and they affirmed their greatness as a club outfit on Saturday.
Only 11 previous All-Ireland club final victories had been by double-digit margins which illustrates the impressive nature of Corofin's win. They bettered their 10-point success of 2015 and were 15 points superior to a club who are the standard bearers with seven titles as they stand at the peak of national club football.
The current Nemo Rangers team may not have had major final day experience – Paul Kerrigan, Barry O'Driscoll and Colin O'Brien the three survivors from the 2008 decider against St Vincent's – but Nemo Rangers had negotiated the hurdles posed by the 2017 champions (Dr Crokes) along with the 2015 and 2017 finalists (Slaughtneil) en route to Saturday. They had impressed and for the contest to be reduced to such a lopsided affair was a testament to the masterclass Corofin produced.
Corofin's two first-half goals encapsulated all the elements that make them so strong. The first in the 7th minute originated with Kieran Fitzgerald getting a hand in to cut out a Nemo delivery, breaking forward to take a hand pass and moving the ball accurately with their left foot.
Martin Farragher's movement had taken them to the left wing before they swivelled and fed Ian Burke. At this juncture the Nemo defenders retreating outnumbered the forwards Corofin had to work with but Gary Sice took one angle of running off the ball to collect off Burke and then stepped in another direction when in possession. Their shot was true and decisive from 20-yards to leave the ball nestling in the far corner of the net.
Their second goal in the 21st minute was simply stunning and a complete team effort. A stray Nemo Rangers pass was seized on by Daithi Burke at midfield. What followed over the next 52 seconds was a sublime team move featuring 15 hand passes and a single kick pass that culminated in Michael Farragher planting the ball in the net for Corofin's second goal. The swiftness of the deliveries, the composure in possession and the array of runs at different angles was mesmerising to watch.
Nine different players were involved. Daithi Burke who won the turnover was involved on five occasions, goalscorer Farragher three times. It was the critical score and confirmed the outcome of this game with only a third of normal time elapsed.
Corofin finished the day having amassed 2-19 with 2-17 arriving from play. Eight different players were scoring sources, including all six starting forwards. It was a day where they expressed themselves fully.
They have memories of a nerve-jangling county semi-final last autumn when Annaghdown had them on the ropes. The Connacht circuit tested them fully with four-point wins over St Brigid's and Castlebar only secured after extra-time in games which conjured up plenty anxiety and doubts.
But on the biggest stage in club football, Corofin hit full speed from the outset to make their mark. The process of regeneration since 2015 points to a promising future. From Saturday's starting side Power, Kieran Molloy, Dylan Wall and Jason Leonard did not feature three years ago while five of the subs they brought on were also sampling All-Ireland club final day for the first time.
The common question after All-Ireland club final wins is what knock-on effect will this have for the county team in the summer ahead? Kevin Walsh can point to a hugely positive spring to date, Galway already assured of a Division 1 league final place before throw-in yesterday in Salthill and the subsequent draw against Dublin ensuring they are unbeaten this year against all four of the 2017 All-Ireland semi-finalists.
But Walsh did use Power, Liam Silke, Ian Burke and Michael Farragher in Galway's 2017 championship exit against Kerry.
Micheal Lundy has previous inter-county experience while Dylan Wall and Kieran Molloy have made persuasive cases with their club performances.
Corofin's form brings a bunch of players onto Walsh's radar. With All-Ireland medals in their pockets, they could make more decisive contributions for Galway football before 2018 has concluded.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
Former Jacksonville Jaguar Maurice Jones-Drew has long been a fan of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, and he's rolling with their team for Super Bowl LII. However, he's not sticking with the Patriots out of admiration for the G.O.A.T. According to Jones-Drew, he's decided to go with the Patriots because they feel Philadelphia Eagles fans are rude. Watch:
.@MJD is going with the Patriots because they simply don't like how Eagles fans behave #T2S pic.twitter.com/SoMSbNUfez — CBS Sports Network (@CBSSportsNet) January 31, 2018
“Their fans are so rude on Twitter and Instagram,” Jones-Drew said to CBS Sports analyst Adam Schein. “They can continue to be rude. I am going with Tom Brady and the Patriots. It's not because of anything on the field but more so because their fans are rude. I'm done with them.”
Talk about harsh.
Over the course of the year, Eagles fans have grown a reputation for being some of the most hard-nosed fans you'll find. That sentiment likely hardened in light of a recently surfaced video which showed some Eagles fans throwing beer cans and bottles at Vikings fans during the pregame process of the NFC Championship game. As with all fan bases, however, there are good and bad fans.
As for Jones-Drew's comments, Eagles fans better hope their predictions don't come true as he's predicted several Jags upsets this season. According to our poll taken this week, it appears most Jags fans feel the Patriots will win, too.
Uber's fatal car crash last month continues to have repercussions, with self-driving taxi startup Voyage announcing today that it will open-source its safety procedures, documents, and code in the hope of avoiding future deaths.
"I had to spend time after [the Uber crash] calming people down, telling folks at our deployments that it was an isolated incident," says Voyage CEO Oliver Cameron in an exclusive interview with Ars Technica. "But the truth is that everyone in the industry is reinventing the technology and safety processes themselves, which is incredibly dangerous. Open source means more eyes, more diversity, and more feedback."
Starting today, Voyage will begin to share safety requirements, test scenarios, metrics, tools, and code that it has developed for its own Level 4 self-driving taxis. Five Voyage cars are currently deployed carrying passengers within two retirement communities in California and Florida.
The initial release, which Voyage calls Open Autonomous Safety (OAS), will take the form of a GitHub repository containing documents and code. The functional safety requirements are Voyage's interpretation of the ISO 26262 standard for automotive safety, updated for autonomous vehicles. "This is our internal driving test for any particular software build," says Cameron. "It lets us evaluate our designs and look for the different ways they can fail in the real world."
Stress-testing self-driving cars
The functional testing material has scenarios designed to stress-test cars in simulations and on streets. Voyage has developed step-by-step scenarios that detail how its cars should respond to hundreds of situations, primarily focused on suburban environments. Among them is the one that Uber failed when its car ran down Elaine Herzberg in March: a pedestrian jaywalking across a divided road.
"Having a template of what your vehicle should be doing in these situations helps inform how you build your technology," says Cameron. "But it takes a hell of a lot of time to think through all the scenarios and to write the software to the right level of quality. I hope the community adds scenarios for environments we don't yet support, such as high-speed freeways."
Because OAS scenarios are written from the viewpoint of how a car should ultimately behave, they should be applicable regardless of the vehicle being developed or the technology it uses, says Cameron. However, Voyage is also sharing its fault-injection tests—code written for specific components to simulate errors or damage that might take years to show up in reality.
"If you want to replicate taking a baseball bat to your $85,000 lidar, you probably don't want to actually take a baseball bat to your $85,000 lidar," says Cameron. "But you can model what that would look like with fault-injection testing to get to a better place."
Although Voyage's code will only work with specific sensors, many are common devices (such as Velodyne lidars and Bosch ECUs) that other self-driving companies also use. Voyage will also make its training curriculum and safety-driver handbooks available.
"Overall, we think it's a pretty comprehensive set of materials," says Cameron. "We hope that the industry adopts it as a standard or, at the very least, that a few companies will use it and hopefully prevent another Uber incident from occurring."
Being open to safety
This is not the self-driving car industry's—or even Cameron's—first shot at open sourcing. Udacity, the online learning company that Voyage spun out from, is building its own open source self-driving car. Another start-up, Comma.ai, has also released the software for its aftermarket autonomous car kit, following a tangle with regulators. And Chinese search giant Baidu is slowly developing an open source platform called Apollo that it hopes will become the Android of self-driving cars.
Cameron believes that OAS' focus on safety and testing, rather than driving features, will smooth its adoption in a highly competitive industry. One aspect of the release is likely to be controversial, though. Cameron wants companies to standardize and adopt Voyage's metrics for the performance of self-driving cars based on the percentage of any particular trip that is handled by human or robotic systems.
They admit this could prove an uphill struggle. "Everyone is giving different metrics to different people," says Cameron. "Savvy VCs these days know that disengagement rates [how often a car hands control back to a human operator] can be entirely flawed. They'll ask you, hey, what's your real disengagement rate? We know the number you gave to the California Department of Motor Vehicles; now give us your real one."
Jon How, professor of astronautics at MIT, says, "Creating an open source library that enables teams to collaborate on developing even better solutions is a great idea, provided there is some oversight to ensure quality control. Hopefully, their decision might motivate others to also release their tools and test approaches."
Sam Lauzon is an engineer at the University of Michigan's Transportation Research institute, currently developing their own open source automotive cybersecurity software called Uptane. "An open source library can be fantastic for companies to lower implementation time and costs, but at the same time, they're inheriting any bugs or flaws that go along with the distribution," they say.
Cameron agrees that the current OAS release will be rough around the edges: "Like any open source project, it won't be perfect at the beginning. But it does mean that everyone won't have to keep reinventing the wheel, at least from a safety perspective."
Palestinians push a container during clashes with Israeli forces following a rally in support of Palestinian prisoners in the West bank City of Bethlehem, Monday, April 17, 2017. An activist said more than 1,500 Palestinian prisoners have launched an open-ended hunger strike to demand better conditions in Israeli prisons, including more contact with relatives, and an end to Israel's practice of detentions without trial. (AP Photo/Majdi Mohammed)
RAMALLAH, West Bank — Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli prisons launched a hunger strike Monday, in what their leader behind bars called a new step in the Palestinians' “long walk to freedom.”
Activists said more than 1,500 of about 6,500 Palestinians held by Israel as so-called security prisoners joined the open-ended protest and that it was the largest such strike in five years. The hunger strikers' immediate demands included better conditions, including more contact with relatives, and an end to Israel's practice of detentions without trial.
In the West Bank and Gaza, thousands staged solidarity marches Monday to mark Prisoners' Day in the Palestinian areas.
The hunger strike was led by Marwan Barghouti, a prominent figure in Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement. Over the years, polls have indicated that Barghouti is the most popular choice among Palestinians to succeed the 82-year-old Abbas who has failed to groom a political heir.
Barghouti was arrested in 2002 during the violent Palestinian uprising and convicted on multiple counts of murder. Israel charged them with directing suicide bombings against its citizens and they were sentenced to five life terms.
Barghouti is one of the best-known among thousands of Palestinians jailed for charges ranging from stone-throwing and membership in groups outlawed by Israel, to attacks that wounded or killed Israelis.
In an op-ed published in The New York Times, Barghouti wrote that Israeli prisons have become the “cradle of a lasting movement for Palestinian self-determination.”
“This new hunger strike will demonstrate once more that the prisoners' movement is the compass that guides our struggle, the struggle for Freedom and Dignity, the name we have chosen for this new step in our long walk to freedom,” they wrote.
In what appeared to be a punitive measure, Israel's prison service said Barghouti had been transferred to a different prison.
Israel media reported that Barghouti had violated the conditions of their incarceration by communicating with the newspaper and that they had likely smuggled the text out through their lawyer.
Prison Service spokesperson Assaf Librati refused to elaborate on Barghouti's role.
“The strike is a decision of the prisoners. We are containing the situation and monitoring its developments,” they said.
Advertisement
The hunger strike was launched as the approaching half-century mark of Israeli rule over Palestinians appeared to generate renewed interest in the long-running conflict, which in recent years was often overshadowed by war and turmoil elsewhere in the region.
Israel captured the West Bank, Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem in the June 1967 Mideast war.
Abbas and their supporters seek a Palestinian state, roughly in the pre-1967 lines. The Islamic militant group Hamas, which seized Gaza from Abbas in 2007, has called for an Islamic state in historic Palestine, including in what is now Israel. Hamas recently suggested it would support a smaller Palestine state, without specifying if this would be a stepping stone to Israel's destruction.
In Gaza City, about 2,000 people turned out for a march, raising flags of different Palestinian factions.
Militants from Hamas surrounded cages on truck flatbeds depicting cells. One cage held two Palestinians in Israeli prison uniform. The other cage bore the pictures of two Israeli soldiers killed in the 2014 war between Israel and Hamas, and the pictures of two Israeli civilians who disappeared after entering Gaza. Hamas is believed to hold the two civilians and the remains of the soldiers.
“Your soldiers will not see the light unless the price is paid,” read a banner on the truck.
Ismail Radwan, a Hamas official who participated in the march, reiterated Hamas' demand for a prisoner swap with Israel. In 2011, Israel swapped more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners for an Israeli soldier who had been held by Hamas for five years.
In the West Bank town of Ramallah, Barghouti's wife, Fadwa, joined about 1,500 marchers.
“This massive strike sends a strong message to the Israelis, after 50 years of occupation, suppression and oppression, that the prisoners ... will lead their people from behind bars,” they said.
Qadoura Fares, who runs the Prisoners' Club advocacy group, said over 1,500 prisoners joined the strike and that more were expected to follow.
In 2012, hundreds participated in a large-scale strike that lasted 28 days, said Fares. In 2014, dozens of detainees who were being held without trial or charges staged a two-month-long hunger strike to demand their release.
Associated Press writers Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, and Karin Laub in Amman, Jordan, contributed to this report.
TOKYO Japan has high hopes that it will attract more international institutions after a global financial watchdog forum opened its permanent home in Tokyo on Monday.
Tokyo was once Asia's dominant financial hub but its status has been eroded by the rise of Singapore and Hong Kong due to Japan's sluggish economic growth, language barriers and legal obstacles.
While an overwhelming majority of international financial organizations have head offices either in Europe or America, none had such an office in Tokyo.
That's no longer the case after the International Forum of Independent Audit Regulators (IFIAR) opened a permanent secretariat in the Japanese capital, thanks in part to strong lobbying by Kiyotaka Sasaki, the top bureaucrat at the securities watchdog arm of Japan's Financial Services Agency (FSA).
The IFIAR is the auditor version of international regulatory committees, such as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) for banks and the IOSCO (International Organization of Securities Commissions) for brokerages.
It provides members with a platform for exchanging views and experiences on global issues relating to audit oversight, with the aim of promoting stronger collaboration and enhancing audit quality.
The organization was established in 2006 following accounting scandals in leading markets, such as Enron and WorldCom in the United States and Italian food giant Parmalat (PLT.MI) and Dutch retailer Ahold. It had no permanent base previously.
Ironically, Japan is no stranger to accounting problems, with electronics-to-nuclear conglomerate Toshiba (6502.T) becoming the latest to join the long list of companies that have problematic record keeping.
Officials at IFIAR and FSA hope that having the headquarters in Tokyo could help boost its presence in Asia. At the moment, only 10 out of its 52 members are from the region, with big economies such as China and India yet to join.
(Reporting By Tomo Uetake; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Midwives in the UK are ending a long-standing campaign on advocating for 'normal births' without any medical intervention.
They have admitted that using this term would make women who need medical assistance during childbirth end up feeling like they've somehow failed. Now a leading midwife organisation is moving on to a new strategy.
The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) launched their campaign for normal birth back in 2005, with the aim to "inspire and support normal birth practice."
"Most women of child-bearing age in the UK have less experience of birth than ever before," the RCM stated in 2005.
"They are much more averse to pain and feel that technology in all its forms offers choice and control."
While the campaign's goals did explicitly involve reducing 'unnecessary medicalisation', it wasn't really meant to simply promote natural birth at any cost.
But in practice the term 'normal' ended up carrying a loaded meaning.
"There was a danger that if you just talk about normal births, and particularly if you call it a campaign, it kind of sounds as if you're only interested in women who have a vaginal birth without intervention," chief executive of the RCM, Cathy Warwick told Chris Smyth at The Times.
"What we don't want to do is in any way contribute to any sense that a woman has failed because they haven't had a normal birth."
Medical interventions for childbirth involve methods that help widen the birth canal and opening, the induction of labour, anaesthetic injections known as epidurals, and C-sections.
While there's nothing wrong with needing help, these medical interventions are on the rise. Right now, about four in ten women in the UK are giving birth 'normally' without medical help, while 30 years ago it was six in ten women.
C-sections in particular are becoming increasingly common, and, according to The Times, this factor was one of the triggers for the start of RCM's campaign for natural births.
According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), the ideal rate for C-sections should be between 10-15 percent of all births. Data shows that when that rate goes above 10 percent, there's no evidence for improved mortality rates for either newborns or their mums.
"Although it can save lives, caesarean section is often performed without medical need, putting women and their babies at-risk of short- and long-term health problems," the WHO stated back in 2015.
It's without question that there are immediate risks to having such surgery, such as infection and complications during healing. C-sections have also been linked to later obesity and to immunity problems in infants, but scientists are still working out the conflicting evidence on that topic.
And the potential dangers of having a vaginal birth are also part of this complex equation.
Just last year UK's Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) proposed that women may also need to be warned about the risks of having a natural birth, especially since the age for first-time mothers keeps increasing.
As we reported last year, C-sections are definitely saving lives:
[T]he evidence is mounting that, as first-time mothers get older, having a pre-planned, elective caesarian might in fact be the safest option. At any age, vaginal births come with a risk of the woman's pelvic floor muscles tearing, as well as complications causing the baby to go into trauma, or forcing the mother to undergo an emergency C-section.
But in a situation where a 'normal birth' means one without any medical help, women who require interventions - even if it's an emergency - can end up feeling inadequate.
As Warwick told The Times, RCM is now addressing that problem with a shift from using the term 'normal birth' to the more neutral ''physiological birth'.
"If you have a caesarean section it doesn't mean that you're a failure," they said.
"Something has happened in your birth that means you need some help and support and it can still be a very positive experience."
For now, 'normality' and 'normal births' are still mentioned on the organisation's Better Births Initiative website, so we'll have to wait and see if the RCM will update its resources to its new term of choice.
Meanwhile doctors have already welcomed this commitment to changing the language.
"While we support the promotion of vaginal delivery, it is also important to stress that no woman should be made to feel their birth experience is 'abnormal'," says RCOG president Lesley Regan.
And the RCM has also announced they are starting work on new guidelines for the best evidence-based midwifery practice, with an advisory group set to publish its results late next year.
The driver suspected of killing 10 people and injuring 15 others when they ploughed a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto will make their first court appearance on Tuesday when details of a motive for the attack are expected to emerge.
While the worst mass killing in Canada in decades has the hallmarks of other deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the United States and Europe, officials said it did not represent a threat to national security.
Alex Minassian, 25, identified by police as the suspect, will appear in a Toronto court at 10am (local time) Toronto police said. Charges will be made public at that time.
Minassian, who was not previously known to authorities, attended a high school program where one classmate remembered them as "absolutely harmless."
Camera Icon The van that ran down pedestrians in Toronto.
People left flowers at a makeshift memorial, which grew as commuters returned to work on Tuesday morning. Blank white posters left against a stone wall were covered with messages.
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall.
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest eve as the suspect shouted "Kill me" and claimed to have a gun.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who called the incident a "tragic and senseless attack," is due to speak to reporters 8.25am on Tuesday in Ottawa.
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday.
"We are a peaceful, tolerant, free society. The horrific violence on Toronto's Yonge Street will strengthen rather than undermine these truths," columnist John Ibbitson wrote in the Globe and Mail national newspaper.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million. The city recorded 61 murders last year.
Camera Icon Alex Minassian, 25 will appear in a Toronto court today. Picture: LinkedIn
Downtown Toronto's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark on Monday evening.
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day, when the driver drove their vehicle into the crowds. The street was soon covered in blood, empty shoes and bodies.
Canada is still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team.
Last October eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path.
The winter season on the North Shore of Oahu has been off to a rocky start, with troublesome winds, rain and lackluster swells. But it hasn't been completely unsurfable. The Coffin brothers, Conner and Parker, have made the most of the conditions over the last few weeks, tearing into punchy ramps for their latest Young Wise Tails edit. The duo has an unmatched rail game and above-the-lip prowess–even when the waves are a bit rough and bumpy.
AP Photo/Steve Helber
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A blunt and combative Republican who sneers at political correctness. Insurgent candidates striking populist notes. Establishment figures on the defensive. A former TV star with political ambitions.
The governor's races this year in Virginia and New Jersey are unfolding in ways that powerfully echo the wild campaign for the White House.
There is, for example, Corey Stewart, a tough-talking former Trump campaign chairperson in Virginia who says President Donald Trump's victory has freed candidates to “simply be yourself.”
“You can be profane. You can be politically incorrect,” said Stewart, one of three candidates challenging Ed Gillespie, a former Republican National Committee chairperson, for the GOP nomination.
In Trump-like fashion, Stewart has coined a mocking nickname for Gillespie: “Establishment Ed.” Stewart, chairperson of the Board of Supervisors in suburban Washington's Prince William County, also held a lottery to give away an assault rifle and recently protested Charlottesville's plans to remove a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee, tweeting, “The left has no respect for our history.”
In New Jersey, former “Saturday Night Live” comic and Trump supporter Joe Piscopo is considering a run for governor, possibly as an independent.
Both races are wide open, with Republican Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey and Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe in Virginia leaving office because of term limits.
The two contests are the highest-profile elections this year and are seen by the Democrats as a potential referendum on Trump and an important early test of the party's strength less than a year into their presidency.
Also, the party holds just 16 governors' offices, and taking more of them could help the Democrats influence the redrawing of congressional and legislative districts after the 2020 census.
National groups already have signaled they are willing to pour money into the two races. The Republican Governors Association recently put $5 million into its Virginia campaign account. In New Jersey, regulators expect outside spending to break records.
“Everybody wants to make this a referendum on Trump,” said Tarina Keene, executive director NARAL Pro-Choice Virginia. “We want to set the stage for 2018 for winning and making sure a Trump agenda goes nowhere.”
Republicans have uphill climbs in both states. In New Jersey, Democrats outnumber Republicans by about 800,000 voters. Virginia is more of a swing state, though Democrats have won every statewide election since 2009 and Hillary Clinton carried the state by more than 5 percentage points in November.
John Fredericks, a conservative radio host who helped run Trump's campaign in Virginia, said the Democratic tilt of both states puts the pressure on the Democrats: “If the Republicans win, I think it is a huge, huge message that the Trump movement is growing.”
Democrats say Trump's moves targeting immigrants, refugees, abortion and voting rights should help their side, while Republicans are hoping Trump's efforts to create jobs will attract more GOP voters.
In New Jersey, Democratic state Assemblyman John Wisniewski is casting themselves as a Bernie Sanders-style insurgent, even though they have been in office for two decades and served as state party chairperson. Their chief rival for the nomination is Wall Street millionaire Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Obama administration ambassador to Germany who represents the party's establishment wing.
Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey said they endorsed Murphy partly on Murphy's ability to block Trump's agenda.
“Winter is coming,” Booker said. “It is critical for us that we have a partner in Trenton who every day works in concert with us.”
Piscopo, who has made a career out of impersonating fellow New Jerseyan Frank Sinatra, plans to make a decision by the spring.
“Donald Trump is a once-in-a-lifetime candidate, lightning in a bottle,” they said. “Having said that, the thing that inspired me was the movement of the people, the will of the people.”
What level of involvement Trump will have in the races is unclear. A single Trump tweet for or against a candidate could alter the dynamics in a GOP primary, and Trump has already shown a willingness to back candidates in contests presidents typically ignore.
“We will let you know when we have an announcement on either race,” White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said.
—
Catalini reported from Trenton, New Jersey.
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea, they were sketchy on the details: Should all embassies close? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country? And what of Sweden, which helps with imprisoned Americans?
Nikki Haley's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea. Isolating the reclusive, totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan, even though Washington says it remains open to talks.
Like international economic penalties, the Trump administration believes the diplomatic isolation serves two purposes.
It's designed to punish North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs and intercontinental missiles that potentially could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the United States. U.S. officials also contend that freezing out North Korea could drive Kim's government to seek negotiations.
“We do know they care a lot about their international reputation,” said Mark Tokola, a former No. 2 at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea.
Trump's team has chalked up some successes in narrowing the North's diplomatic reach. Mexico, Peru, Italy, Spain, and Kuwait have expelled North Korean ambassadors from their countries. Haley said Portugal and the United Arab Emirates have suspended diplomatic relations. Others have cut trade and security ties.
But North Korea isn't and won't be completely isolated.
Last month, China, whose once-close relationship with North Korea has been strained by its adoption of tough U.N. sanctions, sent its highest level envoy to Pyongyang in two years. North Korea also recently welcomed a Russian parliamentary delegation, in a sign of increasing contacts between the former Cold War partners. And the North just hosted the most senior U.N. official to visit in years: Jeffrey Feltman, the undersecretary-general for political affairs.
Even before they departed, experts played down expectations that Feltman, formerly a senior American diplomat, could offer a breakthrough as the standoff over the North's nuclear weapons threatens to spiral into war. Feltman carried no message from Washington, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
Yet Feltman's visit, which included an audience with Kim's foreign minister, added to questions about how effectively the U.S. can isolate North Korea. Feltman left Pyongyang on Saturday after four days of talks with the North Korean Foreign Ministry. “I have to brief the secretary-general first,” they said when asked for details of their trip.
Also unresolved is whether Trump and their top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they've called “maximum pressure and engagement.” If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate, now that Kim has declared that they have “realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force,” how will the U.S. respond?
“This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement,” said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think tank, who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials. They said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure.
Kim's declaration followed North Korea's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet, which led Haley, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, to speak of a world “closer to war.” At the same time, they pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs. It's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing.
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take.
Haley called on all governments to sever ties. Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings, not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang. To date, no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign.
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea, North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries. It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals. Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang, and those include American rivals and friends.
“If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations, it must start with its own closest ally, Great Britain,” said Artyom Lukin, a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok, Russia.
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain, Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what's happening there. Most critically, it needs Sweden, its protecting power, to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea, on the rare occasions when Kim's government allows consular access.
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea's most powerful partners, China and Russia. Both support more dialogue with the North, not more diplomatic sanctions.
Even if only smaller countries follow America's advice, the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens, such as Vietnam and Mongolia, which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea.
“If they left, I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to,” said Frank Jannuzi, a former Senate staff specialist on Asia.
___
Online:
State Department on North Korea: https://www.state.gov/p/eap/ci/kn/
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Contact
Kumud Gupta
09555807777
***@gmail.com Kumud Gupta09555807777
End
-- Panchtatva Promoters Pvt.Ltd is the renowned realtor because of its unique architectural approach and several years of experience. This company owns several real estate residential, commercial and industrial projects in Noida extension. In latest, this real estate giant has come up with the residential project named as Galaxy Vega which has its site in Noida extensions. In this project, the leading real estate developer aimed at providing the comfort and luxury living experience to the people. Galaxy Vega is the most enticing and the uniquely designed residential project in which you can see the effective utilization of every space in the project site.Here are some of the benefits that you can enjoy by booking a 2/3 BHK home in Galaxy Vega:This project by Panchtatava Promoters Pvt Ltd is located in the prime location in Greater Noida which enables high-end connectivity with Delhi and Delhi NCR. Hence, you can easily commute to the urban hubs of Delhi.This project is designed to make it unrivalled in its delivery. Stylish latches, glass-doors, Window designs, roofing style and floor designs are mesmerizing. You can experience the luxury touch in each apartment of this residential project.in addition to the explicit deign, lots of facilities are provided by the realtors to enable comfortable and joyful living. There is a play area for the kids, recreational areas like gym, community hall, conference room, cafeteria, swimming pool, and many more. In addition to these, this real estate residential project provide 24x7 electricity and power supply. Video surveillance facility is provided for security.All the residential spaces on this site are available at a reasonable price. So, you can fulfill you dream of owning a house in the outstanding natural surroundings.For more details:
Chip Gaines is a big fan of wife Joanna Gaines' pregnancy curves.
The Fixer Upper stars — who are expecting their fifth child, a baby boy — got candid during an appearance on Today, Tuesday, to promote Joanna's new cookbook, Magnolia Table.
“Prior to my relationship with Joanna, I always dated slightly bigger-boned girls,” Chip, 43, volunteered. “So whenever Jo's pregnant, it's kind of my thing. It's kind of my jam.”
Joanna, who turned 40 last week, was ready to quickly change the subject. “Let's talk about chicken pot pie,” they said, laughing.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
The couple is already parents to sons Drake, 12, and Duke, 9, and daughters Ella, 11, and Emmie Kay, 8. While Chip said he's “nervous” about the large age gap between the siblings, Joanna is excited to have “a lot of little helpers” this time around.
But having older kids means they also have strong opinions — and, unfortunately for the Gaines ladies, they're about to be outnumbered.
“Me and the boys were team boy, and the girls were team girl, so we had two boys and two girls,” Chip explained. “So of course Jo and I said, ‘This is really upsetting the balance of power. The boys might be able to outvote from here 'til kingdom come.' ”
But Joanna sees the bright side — now they get to pick the baby's name.
“I want a ‘C' name, they want a ‘D' name,” they explained. “I say they got the boy, so I get to pick the name.”
RELATED VIDEO: In PEOPLE's The Best of HGTV Special Edition Get Up Close with Your Favorite Renovation and Real Estate Stars
Chip joked that they're “a house divided” over the moniker — and he's just trying to stick to tradition.
“Oldest boy named Drake, second is Duke, so I'm hoping for a ‘D,' ” they said.
Kicking off the official launch of my cookbook, Magnolia Table,​ on the @todayshow this morning! We'll be on during the 8 a.m. hour (in your local time zone) #MagnoliaTableCookbook pic.twitter.com/nD5oY7qAX3 — Joanna Gaines (@joannagaines) April 24, 2018
Chip also had some fun outside of Rockefeller Plaza, supporting their wife and their new cookbook by holding up a sign that read, “I [Heart] Joanna Gaines!” among Today fans.
“Jo's cookbook is officially out! Let me tell you, she's poured their heart into this book, and I couldn't be more proud. I think your belly is gonna love it as much as mine does,” they captioned a silly video of themselves cheering with the poster.
Joanna also shared a photo captioned, “Thanks for the support @chipgaines.”
WILLINGBORO, N.J. (AP) - A fast-moving fire at a southern New Jersey condominium complex has displaced more than 50 residents.
But the cause of the fire at Willingboro Square remains under investigation.
The blaze started around 4:15 p.m. Monday in a corner unit of the complex in Willingboro. Dozens of firefighters soon responded and were able to bring the blaze under control in about 90 minutes.
One firefighter and one resident were taken to the hospital for evaluation but were later released. Their names and further details on their injuries were not disclosed.
The displaced residents were receiving assistance from the American Red Cross.
North Lanarkshire Council has appointed an independent chair for the North Lanarkshire Fairness Commission.
Annette Hastings, professor of urban studies at University of Glasgow, will head up the commission and appoint other commissioners over the coming weeks.
The Fairness Commission was established to investigate issues of poverty and inequality and make recommendations to the council and its community planning partners for future action.
Annette Hastings said: “I am delighted to be appointed as chair of the North Lanarkshire Fairness Commission. It is essential that the work of all community planning partners and others in the community can address serious issues of poverty and inequality. These challenges are substantial for the wellbeing of people and communities.
“The council and others have invested substantially in policies and initiatives targeted in these areas, but it is important that there is an independent examination of these. I am also looking forward to engaging with people in communities who are involved in dealing with poverty and hearing about their experiences.
“It's clear that there is a real determination to tackle these issues, and I will be appointing commissioners over the next few weeks to take this work forward.”
Councillor Jim Logue, leader of North Lanarkshire Council, said: “Poverty and inequality blight our communities and these are issues which we take very seriously. Annette Hastings is eminently qualified to lead the commission and I have been hugely impressed with their passion and experience.
“Councillors from all parties have welcomed the creation of the commission and I'm sure, with Annette's leadership, it will deliver a real challenge and recommendations which can make a practical difference to the work we all do.”
The North Lanarkshire Fairness Commission will meet and hear evidence throughout 2017, with a final report expected in the later part of the year.
The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global post-production market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the post-production services.
The post-production process converts raw footage into presentable video content.
Technavio's analysts forecast the Global Post-Production Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.94% during the period 2018-2022.
Covered in this report
The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global post-production market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the post-production services.
The market is divided into the following segments based on geography:
•Americas
•APAC
•EMEA
This report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.
Key vendors
•21st Century Fox
•AT&T (WarnerMedia)
•Comcast
•The Walt Disney Company
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-post-production-market-2018-2022/request-sample
Table of Contents
PART 01: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
PART 02: SCOPE OF THE REPORT
PART 03: RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
PART 04: MARKET LANDSCAPE
•Market ecosystem
•Market characteristics
•Market segmentation analysis
PART 05: MARKET SIZING
•Market definition
•Market sizing 2017
•Market size and forecast 2017-2022
PART 06: FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS
•Bargaining power of buyers
•Bargaining power of suppliers
•Threat of new entrants
•Threat of substitutes
•Threat of rivalry
•Market condition
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
RUSSELL COUNTY, Ala. – The Russell County Sheriff's Office is offering a reward in connection to the capture of a wanted man. Officials say Victor Holmes is currently wanted on two counts of first degree robbery.
Officials warn anyone who may see them that Holmes has a cross tattoo between their eyes. The Russell County Sheriff's Office will provide a $5,000 reward for information leading to Holmes' capture.
Anyone who may be able to help in the case should call 334-297-0101.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEWIS TOWNSHIP -- Christmas came a little early for JJ Lyons and their family.
Last week, Lyons was hunting with family when the Williamsport firefighter got the call that their house near Turbotville was on fire.
“I left the woods to find these guys already there to console and to help,” said Lyons.
The fire, which started in the basement, caused nearly $400,000 in damage.
The fire left the 10-year veteran of the fire department, their wife Jessica, and their 5-year-old daughter Jilline with few options, especially right before the holidays.
“We had no idea what we were going to do or where we were going to go. We didn't know we would be OK,” said Lyons.
That's where Joe Miller, a total stranger, comes in. Their mother passed away earlier this year, and they're looking to sell their 1,500-square-foot house.
Miller decided to give it to the Lyons family until they can get back on their feet.
“I told JJ that we can't bring their house back. We can't bring their dog or their cat back but could help them this way and it means a lot to us to do that,” said Miller.
Along with the house, comes Angel the cat. They had been living in the house and now hopes to bring joy to the new family.
Fellow firefighters from the Williamsport Bureau of Fire came to help clean out the house, telling Newswatch 16 it was nothing to help out a brother.
They spent the day renovating the house, ripping out the carpet, and taking furniture from the house.
“This is a brotherhood. This is what we do. Guy gets down, everyone comes together. It's just an unwritten rule of the fire service,” said Joel Shirn.
JJ Lyons said there are still good people in the world.
“It's extremely awesome. It's definitely a huge blessing that Mr. Miller reached out to us and offered up their mother's house,” Lyons said.
Now the Lyons family will have a new home to celebrate Christmas!
41.124803 -76.768278
Post match interview with Chris Smalling...
"What's that in your pocket Chris?"#coys #ManUtd #harrykane #smalling pic.twitter.com/Y3ibuI3F2l
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File). FILE - In this March 2, 2014, file photo, Sen. Curt Bramble, R- Provo, speaks during a news conference at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Abortion policy has been a hot topic in state legislative sessions...
By RYAN J. FOLEY
Associated Press
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) - Republicans who control a majority of the nation's statehouses are considering a wide range of abortion legislation that could test the government's legal ability to restrict a woman's right to terminate pregnancy.
The Mississippi House passed a bill Friday that would make the state the only one to ban all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. In Missouri, lawmakers heard testimony earlier in the week on a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks.
The Ohio House is expected to consider bills, already passed in the Senate, that would prohibit the most common type of procedure used to end pregnancies after 13 weeks and require that fetal remains be buried or cremated.
Abortion is a perennial hot button issue in statehouses across the country. Republican-controlled states have passed hundreds of bills since 2011 restricting access to the procedure while Democratic-led states have taken steps in the other direction.
The early weeks of this year's state legislative sessions have seen a flurry of activity around the issue. It comes as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to soon consider a question that remains unclear: How far can states go in restricting abortion in the interest of preserving and promoting fetal life?
The state bills debated since the start of the year "are all tests designed to see how far government power to legislate on behalf of a fetus can reach," said Jessica Mason Pieklo, who has been tracking legislation as the senior legal analyst for Rewire, a website that promotes views supporting abortion rights.
They said the outcome will determine whether states can legally ban abortion after a specific time period and outlaw specific medical procedures. Advocates for abortion rights say those strategies undermine the Supreme Court's 1973 ruling that women have the right to terminate pregnancies until a fetus is viable.
In Utah, critics have warned that a pending bill to prevent doctors from performing abortions on the basis of a Down syndrome diagnosis is unconstitutional. But It's co-sponsor, Republican state Sen. Curt Bramble, said they are willing to defend the bill in court because its goal is to protect unborn children.
"There are times if the Supreme Court got it wrong, it is appropriate to push back," said Bramble, an accountant from Provo.
The anti-abortion bills have drawn opposition from women who say they have made the excruciating choice to terminate a pregnancy, often after discovering serious fetal abnormalities.
"A 20-week abortion ban sounds OK, but if that gets passed, what's next - 18 weeks, 15 weeks? At what point does it make abortion truly illegal?" said Robin Utz of St. Louis, 38, who submitted testimony this week against the Missouri bill. "It's terrifying and it's willfully ignorant."
Utz recounted terminating their pregnancy in its 21st week in November 2016, after learning their daughter would be born with a fatal kidney disease if they survived birth. They said doctors told them that dilation and evacuation, the most common abortion procedure in the second trimester, was the safest way to terminate the pregnancy.
Undeterred by such stories, the National Right to Life Committee and its allies have been pushing for state laws that ban abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy and outlaw dilation and evacuation. Supporters of both measures argue that fetuses are capable of feeling pain after 20 weeks and call the procedure "dismemberment abortion."
Several court challenges to both types of laws are underway, with federal appeals courts considering the "dismemberment abortion" bans approved last year in Texas and Arkansas. The Kansas Supreme Court is expected to rule soon on the first-in-the-nation ban passed in that state three years ago.
Ingrid Duran, director of state legislation at the National Right to Life Committee, said the model state laws drafted by their group are aimed at U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, a swing vote who wrote the court's 2007 opinion upholding a federal ban on a procedure critics call partial-birth abortion.
They said the court could use similar reasoning to prohibit dilation and evacuation and noted it has never considered whether states have an interest in protecting fetuses from pain.
"We did draft these laws with the bigger picture in mind," Duran said.
The shifted focus comes after the court dealt the anti-abortion movement a blow in 2016 by ruling that strict Texas regulations on abortion clinics and doctors were an undue burden on abortion access and unconstitutional.
Anti-abortion groups hope President Donald Trump will be able to nominate one or more justices to the Supreme Court following last year's confirmation of Neil Gorsuch, potentially making the court more conservative on the issue for decades to come.
In the meantime, some of them are cautioning their allies not to go too far.
Duran said the proposed 15-week ban in Mississippi, which now goes to the state Senate, caught them by surprise. They noted that prior state laws banning abortion after 12 weeks or once a heartbeat was detected have been found unconstitutional.
In South Carolina this past week, state senators tabled a bill that would have banned most abortions to give lawmakers more time to study the consequences. Also last week, a legislative committee in Tennessee amended a bill to remove language that would have outlawed abortion once a fetal heartbeat is detectable, which is usually around six weeks. The bill's sponsor, Republican Rep. Micah Van Huss, said they would be back.
"I will not stop fighting for the lives of babies until abortion is abolished in this state," they said.
___
AP reporters Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, and Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed.
___
Follow Ryan J. Foley on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rjfoley
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UPDATE: The Amber Alert has been canceled after the boy was found safe.
Police have issued an amber alert for a 6-year-old Arkansas boy.
Arkansas State Police say the boy, Connor Cannon, was taken by their non-custodial mother Saturday in Sonora, Arkansas.
Reports say their car was later found in Westville, Oklahoma with no one inside.
Witnesses told authorities they saw two females and a boy matching Connor's description walking in Westville toward Stilwell.
Reports say they were last seen wearing a black sweatshirt, gray sweatpants, and no shoes.
If you have any information or have seen Connor, call police.
A fatal crash shut down westbound Alico Road at Gator Road in south Lee County on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Joel Braun/Special to The News-Press)
A fatal crash has shut down westbound Alico Road at Gator Road in Lee County Monday afternoon, according to Florida Highway Patrol.
FHP anticipates Alico Road will be closed for several hours and suggests motorists find alternate routes.
No other information was available Monday afternoon.
Check back for more updates.
A fatal crash shut down westbound Alico Road at Gator Road in south Lee County on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Joel Braun/Special to The News-Press)
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/fatal-crash-closes-westbound-alico-road-fort-myers/941680001/
In the municipal and industrial Sludge treatment plants, the organic and inorganic particles are separated by sedimentation and the biodegradable substance are treated using biological technology, which helps in producing high grade quality of primary and secondary sludge. Sewage sludge in a plant contains less proportion of solid material with high water proportion. As a consequence a high volume of material must be managed to the final disposal with considerable costs.Sludge management is an important part of any modern municipal waste treatment plant .Nutrient of sludge need to be retained to make use of material and energy, and to dispose it efficiently and sustainably. The main objective of Sludge treatment isto dispose human and industrial waste without any danger to human health and damage to environment. Wastewater used in agriculture for irrigation is used as both disposal and utilization of wastewater. Still some treatment is provided to raw municipal wastewater before using it for landscape or agriculture use.
Municipal and Industrial wastewater undergo different treatment, the level of treatment are preliminary, primary, secondary, and tertiary and/or advanced wastewater treatment. Preliminary treatment includes screening which removes solid and grit removal which separates inorganic and heavy solids. Secondary wastewater treatment includes biological treatment which is used to remove the biodegradable material. Tertiary treatment is generally used for higher quality effluent as compared to secondary treatment. Sewage sludge is a product derived from wastewater treatment. Sludge thickening, stabilisation, sludgedewatering, sludge hygienisationand sludge drying are few practices used to treat sewage sludge. In sludge thickening the water content of sludge is reduced by increasing the dry solid content with low energy input. In stabilization the aim is to reduce the chemical and biological reaction to minimum. In sludge dewatering the dry solid sludge is increased using different equipment's. Sludge hygienisation is a process to reduce the pathogenic bacteria content in sludge to a level which is accepted by authorities.Hygienisation depends upon sludge disposal method.
Ask for Discount on Municipal and Industrial Sludge Treatment Market Research Report : https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=6898
The markets growth of countries which are heavily investing in wastewater and sludge treatment plants will see a rapid growth. These include china, Brazil and many other states who have joined hand with Europe.sludge treatment technology including dewatering, thickening and stabilization will be the biggest opportunity for investment. Challenge addressed by developed countries for sludge management in regards to lack of basic sanitation to approximately 3 billion people has become a key focus area in many developed countries. Continuous growth in developing economy resulted in improvement of human health and safety which will lead to increase in waste sludge that need to be treated.
Increase in sludge production volume has driven the wastewater treatment industry to practice some innovative management scheme for sludge handling. the wastewater Sludge management cost contribute to 50 % of total running cost for wastewater treatment plant, optimizing the disposal and sludge treatment can lead to cost effectiveness. Increasing population globally resulted into increase in volume municipal sludge that has to be treated .the cost effectiveness of sludge management helps in increasing the market size and potential. Strict environmental policy for operator to for treatment of sludge produce by their existing wastewater treatment plant. Increasing energy cost from external energy sources and support for renewables are the drivers for increase in biogas production in waste treatment plant. Restriction on choice of surface and crop where sludge can be used act as a restraint.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=6898
Some of the major players in the municipal and industrial sludge treatment are ADI SYSTEMS INC , Adwest Technologies, Alfa LAVAL Cambi AS, wastewater management system holding sdn.bhd, Biotain AB,Andritz separation,Strabag Umweltanlagen GmbH, Helix environmental Consultancy and many more.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
© AP Photo/ JoongAng Sunday via JoongAng Ilbo, Shin In-seop Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Assassinated in Malaysia
The half-brother of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un was assassinated on Monday at a Malaysian airport, media reported, citing a source in the South Korean government.
45-year-old Kim Jong-nam was the eldest son of North Korea's late leader Kim Jong-il and actor Sung Hae-rim, who passed away in 2002.
Kim left the country long ago and resided in Macau, where they had a business. Before leaving the country, they were considered the main candidate for succeeding Kim Jong-il.
According to Yonhap News Agency, the broadcaster Chosun said on Tuesday that Kim Jong-nam had allegedly been killed by two unidentified women with poisoned needles at an airport in Malaysia. The police reportedly suspect the killers of having links to North Korea.
Meanwhile, Malaysian authorities have detained a woman in the low-cost terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport; they are thought to have been linked to the assassination team that killed Kim Jong-nam, according to The Telegraph.
© AFP 2016/ Ed Jones South Korean Military Says Pyongyang Likely Tested Musudan Missile, Not Rodong
Earlier on Wednesday, South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn convened a meeting of the country's national security council following the death of Kim Jong-nam, who some say could have been assassinated by Pyongyang's security agents, while others mention the China factor as a reason.
There's little doubt, given that China has always perceived the political instability in North Korea as its own security problem that something prompted Beijing to keep a watchful eye on the developments related to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
In an interview with Sputnik Korea, Shin Jong-dae, Vice-President of the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul, said that under Kim Jong-il, there was open speculation about Kim Jong-nam becoming their successor in the event of an emergency, a scenario that was also considered by China.
"Beijing sees any signs of instability or aggravation in the situation in North Korea as a matter for its own security, bracing for consequences that may arise as a result of Kim Jong-un's possible illness, a coup or other force majeure situations," Shin Jong-dae said.
"It is unlikely that they used some kind of political engineering so that Kim Jong-nam could become the North Korean leader, but in any case they bore their possible nomination in mind in the event of an emergency", they said.
In contrast, Cheong Seong-chang, Director of the Department of Unification Strategy Studies at Sejong Institutein South Korea, remained skeptical about the allegations that China considered Kim Jong-nam an alternative successor to Kim Jong-il.
The assertion that China allegedly supported Kim Jong-nam holds no water, Cheong Seong Chang said.
"Of course, China could not but give kudos to Kim Jong-nam as the son of Kim Jong-il, but no more than that," according to him.
"I would describe as irrational the allegations that Kim Jong-nam, who actually had no clout in North Korea, received informal political support that went beyond formalities," Cheong Seong-chang concluded.
Probiotics Powder Market is estimated to develop at a substantial CAGR in the years to come. The report offers an extensive and important revision of Probiotics Powder business, together with the investigation of particular features that will deliver important commercial understandings to the person who reads. The report on the global market, proposes the investigative interpretation of the business by means of learning diverse issues similar to progress of the industry, the capability of ingestion, market tendencies and the price configuration of the Probiotics Powder production for the duration of the prediction period.
View Full Report with TOC @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-powder-market
The Key Factor That Drives the Growth of Probiotics Powder Market Research Report by Trends, Applications, Analysis, Growth, and Forecast: 2017 to 2026
Top Key Manufacturers of Probiotics Powder market are :-
CVS/pharmacy
Nature's Way
Nature's Bounty
Botanic Choice
Renew Life
Jarrow Formulas
Probiotics Powder Market by Product Type:
Digestive Support
Immune Support
Probiotics Powder Market by Applications:
Child
Adult
Geographical Analysis of Probiotics Powder Market:-
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
The Probiotics Powder market revises the economic backdrop of the business. The Probiotics Powder statement likewise consist of expansion strategies and plans together with production procedure. The most important areas involved in Probiotics Powder Market are the U.S., Europe, Japan and China. The investigation reading concentrates on international Probiotics Powder most important companies operating in the market by means of figures, for example summaries of the company, capability, manufacture, price, profits, etc. The division of the international Probiotics Powder Industry on the source of Type of Product shows the Manufacture, Profits, Price, Market stake and Development percentage of respective category. The market is divided into Immune Support and Digestive Support.
The division of the international Probiotics Powder Market on the source of Type of End Use with reference to intake in terms of Trades, Market stake and Development percentage of Probiotics Powder for the respective end use spans For Adult and for Child. The division of the international market on the source of Area with respect to Trades in terms of intake, Profits, Market stake and Development percentage of Probiotics Powder spans North America, Europe, Japan, India, China, and Southeast Asia.
Request a Sample Copy of This Report @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-powder-market/request-sample
Get in touch
At A Million Insights, we work with the aim to reach the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Our representatives strive to understand diverse client requirements and cater to the same with the most innovative and functional solutions.
Contact Person:
Ryan Manuel
Research Support Specialist, USA
Email: ryan@millioninsights.com
A Million Insights
Office No. 302, 3rd Floor, Manikchand Galleria,
Model Colony, Shivaji Nagar, Pune, MH, 411016 India
tel: 91-20-65300184
Email: sales@millioninsights.com
Visit Our Blog: www.millioninsights.blogspot.com
SAN DIEGO (AP) - A sailor was arrested in Illinois on Tuesday on charges they stole 20 hand grenades from a San Diego-based Navy destroyer, authorities said.
Gunner's Mate 2nd Class Aaron Booker, 31, of Waukegan, Illinois, was taken into custody in Great Lakes by U.S. Navy criminal investigators and was expected to be returned to California. It was unclear whether they had an attorney.
Booker stole the concussion grenades - each of which contained about a half-pound (226 grams) of TNT - while they were assigned to the Weapons Department aboard the USS Pinckney, prosecutors said. Booker's job was to check the temperature of the secured locker where the grenades were kept.
The grenades were discovered missing from their storage crates in February 2017. They left the ship about a week later to drive to their new duty station in Great Lakes.
About two months later, a black military backpack containing 18 grenades was found leaning on a guardrail on the side of Interstate 15 in northwest Arizona, officials said. The words "GM2 BOOKER" were written on a tag inside the backpack, prosecutors said.
Booker told investigators that they had driven that road but said the backpack had been stolen from them and denied taking the grenades, according to a criminal complaint. Authorities continue to search for the two missing grenades, which Booker indicated to investigators might have wound up in Mexico, the complaint said.
It was unclear why the grenades were stolen or what the thief intended to do with them.
"A backpack full of grenades on the side of the road is obviously extremely dangerous and could have had resulted in injuries or death," U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said in a statement. "The theft of explosives is a very serious offense, particularly if it is carried out by an insider with access to military weapons and secrets."
If convicted of possessing stolen explosives, Booker could face up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The German government should stop using the defense budget funds as a "piggy bank" for other purposes to avoid any further deterioration of the military, Gerold Otten, a member of the Bundestag's defense committee from the Alternative for Germany party (AfD), told Sputnik.
"The main reason for this fatal development is the constant and continuous side-channeling of funds, initially allocated to the defense budget, in order to serve other purposes and to combat ad-hoc problems. To put it more bluntly: for the last decades the defense budget served as a financial stone quarry, which was exploited to serve all sorts of needs other than defense. The government has to put an immediate end to viewing the defense budget as a piggy bank, which can be robbed at all times," Otten said.
The lawmaker agreed with Gerhartz's assessment of the state of the German Air Force.
READ MORE: Not Just About 'Cash:' Germany Fires Back After Trump Slams NATO 'Underspending'
"Lt. Gen. Gerhartz is correct by saying that our air force is at an all-time low point. Only 26 out of a total of 93 Tornados are combat-ready, which equals a percentage of 41 percent. As far as the Eurofighter is concerned, the figures are equally worrisome: out of 128 units only 39 are combat-ready, i.e. 48 percent," Otten said.
The AfD member stressed that Germany would become unable to defend itself if the situation was not remedied.
© REUTERS / Michael Dalder German Football Team Coach to Remain Despite Disastrous 2018 World Cup Campaign
At the same time, Dr. Alexander Neu, the Left Party (Die Linke) spokesperson in the Bundestag Defense Committee, told Sputnik last week that the complaints of the dire situation in the Air Force could be part of the communications strategy to justify higher spending. Neu argued that Germany should shift its focus away from the defense industry.
Last week, Chief of Staff of the German Air Force Lt. Gen. Ingo Gerhartz told a group of influential businesspeople, officers and lawmakers that Germany's Air Force was in a difficult situation, and increased funding was urgently needed to upgrade aircraft and other equipment.
Joel Embiid's stats by quarter: When are they at their best?
Joel Embiid's stats by quarter: When are they at their best? Mar 17
Sixers' Joel Embiid and Ersan Ilyasova try for the loose ball with Hornets' Marvin Williams during the 2nd quarter at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Monday, March 19, 2018.
Joel Embiid, Marco Belinelli begin take over in third quarter
The third quarter was arguably where the Sixers won the game on Monday. Embiid and Belinelli combined for 23 points as the Sixers outscored the Hornets 32-14. Embiid hit three of their four three-pointers and Belinelli hit three of their five treys in the third quarter, but it wasn't just about the offensive efficiency. The Sixers gave up four turnover but didn't allow the Hornets to convert any of the miscues into points on the other end. The Sixers held Charlotte to just 4-of-21 from the field in the 12-minute stretch. The energy on both ends carried over into the fourth quarter, where the Sixers still needed to work to stave off the Hornets, but the momentum had already been built. Embiid finished with a game-high 25 points and 19 rebounds and Belinelli finished with 21 points.
Ben Simmons' ninth triple-double
Some times there are double-doubles and triple-doubles that are a little empty, they don't really tell a true story. But Simmons' statline against the Hornets said a lot about not only the game but Simmons' ability to adapt and change their game. The Hornets plan was to limit Simmons' touches in the paint and keep them from getting to the rim so easily, so they pushed into hyperdrive as a distributer, dishing out 15 assists. Because they aren't getting to the rim the ease that he's used to their 11 points were earned on runners and at the free throws line. Finally, on a night when Embiid finished with 19 rebounds, Simmons still managed to stay engaged and scrappy, pulling down 12 rebounds of their own.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
By The Associated Press
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Grieving relatives on Tuesday buried two Guatemalan boys whose bodies were found stuffed in sacks over the weekend, a crime that shocked the violence-weary Central American country.
Ten-year-old Carlos Daniel Xiquin and 11-year-old Oscar Armando Toc Cotzajay left for school Friday but were apparently kidnapped. Their bodies were found Sunday near Ajuix, a hamlet in the township of San Juan Sacatepequez, about 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the capital.
The boys' throats had been slashed and their hands and feet bound. There were reports that strangers had offered them a ride, and neighbors reported a ransom demand was made.
The boys' caskets were accompanied to a cemetery by a parade of residents bearing white balloons and a banner reading “Enough Violence, We Want Justice.”
“These children were without sin,” said Toc Cotzajay's mother, Maria Eurelia Toc.
A LOVING elderly couple kissed goodbye and died holding each other's hands in a rare double euthanasia.
Nic and Trees Elderhorst, both 91, said it was their final wish to pass away together after 65 years of marriage.
The Dutch couple both felt they could no longer live their lives due to ill health and didn't want to go on alone if one of them died, reports The Sun .
The pair married in 1952 and lived together in their home down of Didam, near Arnhem, ever since.
Nic suffered a stroke five years ago and needed to take a gruelling course of antibiotics every day to keep themselves alive.
Trees had cared for their husband in recent years while seeing their own health slowly decline.
The couple had previously filed for euthanasia and, after Trees was diagnosed with dementia earlier this year, doctors felt the conditions for them to end their own lives had been met.
The couple shared one last kiss before passing away together hand-in-hand on June 4.
The Netherlands introduced euthanasia laws 17 years ago, and since then more than 5,500 people have ended their lives this way.
Last month, the Victorian government called for a “respectful” debate, as the Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews announced Victoria would become the first Australian state to legalise voluntary assisted dying.
media_camera Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews has said Victoria will soon move to become the first Australian state to legalise voluntary assisted dying. Picture: AAP.
At the time, Mr Andrews said a bill to legalise euthanasia would be introduced in state parliament “quite soon” as it was “time to get out of the way” of people who wanted a dignified death.
According to Dutch media, the euthanasia of Nic and Trees Elderhorst is unique as not many couples with a joint death wish get final authorisation from special euthanasia doctors.
Dick Bosscher of the Dutch Association of Voluntarily Life Ending (NVVE) said: “It is factually a coincidence when both people meet the demands for euthanasia at the same time.
“Dual requests are therefore rarely honoured.”
One of the couple's daughters told local media: “It soon became clear that it could not wait much longer.
“The geriatrician determined that our mother was still mentally competent. However, if our father were to die, they could become completely disorientated, ending up in a nursing home.
“Something which they desperately did not want. Dying together was their deepest wish.
“They gave each other a big kiss and passed away confidently holding hands. According to their own wish.”
The Netherlands has been debating a proposed extension of euthanasia laws which would give all over-75s the right to assisted suicide.
The plan has been backed by liberal parties but Christian groups have vowed to fight the proposals.
This article was first published in The Sun.
Originally published as ‘Dying together was their deepest wish'
Special message from Galway Community Games to its Athletes representing the county at the National Community Games Finals…
We are so proud of all of you for the training and huge effort you have put into representing your County and Province. We thank your Area committees for giving you the opportunity to become involved with Community Games, and your parents, mentors and supporters who wish only the best for you. May your Communities embrace your efforts and achievements. May you wear your County colours (Maroon and White) with pride, and as the commercial says, the colours who come to the National Finals i.e. your County colours are more important than the ones i.e. gold, silver or bronze, you may come home with. You are already winners and we hope you have fun and good memories from your participation with the ‘Games' and a safe journey to and from the Finals.
To the Galway Individual Athletes from Douishka, Tuam, Miltown/Kilconly/Kilbannon, Caherlistrane/Kilcoonagh, Bullaun/New Inn. Athenry, Ballinderreen, Oranmore/ Maree, Ballinasloe, Craughwell, Kinvara, Annaghdown, Salthill/Claddagh, Woodford, Moycullen, Moylough/Mountbellew, Newbridge/Ballygar/Toghergar, Ardrahan, Corofin/Belclare/Sylane, The Artists from Tuam, Moylough/Mountbellew, Craughwell, Cortoon/Lavally, Ardrahan, Athenry, The Handwriters from Carrabane, Caherlistrane/Kilcoonagh, Bullaun/New Inn, The Model makers from Craughwell, Caherlistrane/Kilcoonagh, The Cyclists from Oughterard, Moylough/Mountbellew, our Duathlon competitor from Athenry, Talent competitors from Newbridge/Ballygar/Toghergar, Athenry, Bullaun/New Inn, Galway City East, Camogie and Hurlers from Athenry, U/12 Soccer from Clarinbridge, Handballers from Moylough Mountbellew and Athenry, Project from Craughwell and Pitch and Putt from Bullaun/New Inn.
Galway Community Games wishes them all a weekend of fun, good memories great competition and a safe journey home
Galway Athletes and Teams Representing The County at The National Community Games Finals 2017
BOYS TRACK EVENTS GIRLS TRACK EVENTS
U/8, 60m Alan Corcoran Doughiska/R/A U/8, 60m Lisa Marie Huban, Kinvara
U/8, 80m Tom Henry Tuam U/8, 80m Anna McGaugh Annaghdown
U/10, 100m Chimezes Kearney Milltown/K/K U/10, 100m Rose Okoro Doughiska/R/A
U/10, 200m Dara Costello, Milltown.K/K U/10, 200m Orlaith Mannion, Ballinderreen
U/10, Hurdles Stephen Greaney, Caherlistrane/K U/10, Hurdles Hazel Fahy, Bullaun/New Inn
U/12,100M Dara Fahy Bullaun/New Inn U/12, 100M Eghosa Ekoha Doughiska/R/A
U/12, 600M Cian McNelis Athenry U/12, 600M Aoibhe Joyce, Salthill/Claddagh
U/14, 100M David Mannion Ballinderreen U/14, 100M Aisosa Ekoma Doughiska/R/A
U/14, 800M Michael Leahy, Ballinderreen U/14, 800M Emma Moore, Athenry
U/14 Hurdles Conor Hoade, Oranmore/Maree U/14, Hurdles Aoibhinn Farrell. Woodford
U/16, 100M Tom Fitzpatrick. Ballinalsoe U/16, 100M Alisha Larkin, Woodford
U/16, 200m Jonathan McGrath, Caherlistrane/K U/16, 200m Aoibhe Deely, Bullaun/New Inn
U/16, 1500M Finbarr McFadden, Craughwell U/16, 1500M Caoimhe Kelleher, Ballinderreen
DUATHLON
Duathlon U15 Ralf Bodemar, Athenry
BOYS & MIXED RELAYS GIRLS RELAYS
U/10 m Relay Bullaun/New Inn
U/13 m Relay Craughwell
U/15m Relay Bullaun/New Inn
U/12 Relay B. Doughiska/R/A U/12 G. Relay Ballinalsoe
U/14 Relay B. Ballinalsoe U/14 G. Relay Claregalway/Lackagh
U/16 Relay B. Ballinalsoe
BOYS FIELD EVENTS GIRLS FIELD EVENTS
U/12 Long Puck Sean Walsh, Moycullen U/14 Long Puck Alisha Quinn, Ardrahan
U/14 Long Jump Stephen Mannion Ballinderreen U/14 Long Jump Ava Finn Craughwell
U/12 Ball Throw Ciaran Mulhern, Moylough/M'B U/12 Ball Throw Clodagh Killeen, Ballinalsoe
U/14 Shot Putt Jack Connolly NBT U/14 Shot Putt Ella Raftery, Corofin/B/S
U/14 Javelin Padraig Pearl, Kinvara U/14 Javelin Rebecca Lynch Craughwell
U/16 Discus Stephen Coughlan, Woodford U/16 Discus Chloe Casey, Bullaun/New Inn
U/16 High Jump Ryan Gallagher, Craughwell
BOYS ART GIRLS ART
U/8 Joe O'Grady Tuam U/8 Ella Flynn Cortoon/Lavally
U/10 Matthew Keane Moylough/Mt'B U/10 Ellie Leyden Ardrahan
U/12 Cillain Walsh Craughwell U/12 Andrea Clancy Craughwell
U/14 Ben Brady Craughwell U/14 Bernadette Kenny, Athenry
U/16 No Competitor U/16 Giovanna Alice DeMelo Brito Athenry
BOYS MODEL MAKING GIRLS MODEL MAKING
U/10 Lucas Kiaulakyle, Caherlistrane/K U/10 Lillian Walsh, Craughwell
U/12 No Competitor U/12 Ella Farrelly, Craughwell
U/14 Kian Cloonan Craughwell U/14 Lea Farrelly, Craughwell
CYCLING BOYS CYCLING GIRLS
U/12 Cycling Darragh Higgins Moylough/M'B. U/12 Cycling Ruth Mannion, Moylough/MtB.
U/14 Cycling Adam Tierney, Oughterard U/14 Cycling No Competitor
HANDWRITING BOYS HANDWRITING GIRLS
U/10 Eanna Coyne, Caherlistrane/K. U/10 Ruth O'Connor Caherlistrane/K
U/12 Cian O'Higgins Bullaun/New Inn U/12 Sarah Martin Carrabane
SOLO TALENT
Solo Singing U/12 Niamh Glennon, Athenry
Solo Singing U/16 Aimee Carty, NBT
Solo Music U/16 Hazel Startford, Bullaun/New Inn
2017 Galway qualifiers to the National Finals – 18th to 20th August
Camogie U/14 Girls Athenry
Handball U/13 Boys Athenry
Handball U/13 Girls Moylough/Mountbellew
Handball U/16 Girls Moylough/Mountbellew
Hurling (A) U/11 Boys Athenry
Soccer U/12 Boys Clarinbridge
Pitch & Putt U/16 Boys Bullaun/New Inn
Project U/11 Mixed Craughwell
Group Singing U/16 Bullaun/New Inn
Group Music U/16 Bullaun/New Inn
Group Disco Dance U/12 Galway City East
Group Disco Dance U/16 Galway City East
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
“During an earnings conference call, Inventec's CEO said that Apple's HomePod would have little material impact on the company's future results as quantities of the device will probably be constrained at launch,” Mike Wuerthele reports for AppleInsider.
“Speaking to investors, Inventec CEO David Ho confirmed that the HomePod would ship to Apple in the fourth fiscal quarter, with tight constraints,” Wuerthele reports. “After the conference call, an analyst predicted that Inventec would likely only ship 500,000 units of the HomePod in 2017.”
Wuerthele reports, “An unnamed source within Inventec told the Nikkei Asian Review on Monday that the HomePod would in part shift to rival Foxconn in 2018 at some point — but when specifically was not made clear.”
Read more in the full article here.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
DENVER (AP) – This illustrates just how well things have been going for Nathan MacKinnon: They fanned on a shot, got it back, skated to the other side, launched the puck toward the net, hit a defender and in it goes.
“Lucky,” they said.
They all count the same.
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Goaltender Semyon Varlamov #1 of the Colorado Avalanche makes a save against Luke Glendening #41 of the Detroit Red Wings at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: A member of the Detroit Red Wings gets their glove caught in the photo hole during the game against the Colorado Avalanche at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Tyler Bertuzzi #59 of the Detroit Red Wings battles for position against Erik Johnson #6 of the Colorado Avalanche at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Vladislav Kamenev #91 of the Colorado Avalanche skates during warm ups prior to the game against the Detroit Red Wings at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Nick Jensen #3 of the Detroit Red Wings takes a shot against the Colorado Avalanche at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Justin Abdelkader #8 of the Detroit Red Wings celebrates a goal against the Colorado Avalanche with teammate Trevor Daley #83 at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
Detroit Red Wings v Colorado Avalanche DENVER, CO - MARCH 18: Blake Comeau #14 of the Colorado Avalanche throws their hands up after scoring a goal against the Detroit Red Wings at the Pepsi Center on March 18, 2018 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Michael Martin/NHLI via Getty Images)
MacKinnon kept up their torrid scoring with two goals and an assist, Semyon Varlamov was sharp in making 37 saves and the Colorado Avalanche extended Detroit's skid to 10 straight games by beating the Red Wings 5-1 on Sunday.
Gabriel Landeskog, Blake Comeau and Tyson Barrie also scored to help the Avalanche remain in playoff position with 10 games remaining. The Avs have 86 points after finishing with a league-low 48 last season.
“I like the way we're playing. A lot of good. There's a lot of good,” Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. “We're competing harder than we've competed all year I feel like during this stretch. There's a sense of urgency to our game.”
MacKinnon remains among the league's top scoring leaders with 89 points. Their goal in the second period gave Colorado a 3-0 lead and came on a backhand with Niklas Kronwall trying to cover him.
The defenseman couldn't.
The 22-year-old MacKinnon sealed the win with their 38th of the season in the third period — on a wraparound that hit off a Detroit defenseman and deflected in.
It's just the way things have been going for him.
Soon after, they were serenaded with “MVP” chants. Their coach doesn't disagree after MacKinnon became the first Colorado player to score more than 36 goals in a season since 2002-03, when Milan Hejduk had 50.
“I can't imagine there's another player that means more to their team and doing more for their team than what Nate's doing for us,” Bednar said. “That's just the way I see it.  They are the driving force to our offense and it's consistent.”
Justin Abdelkader had a goal for the Red Wings, who fell to 0-9-1 during a winless streak in which they've been outscored by a 41-19 margin. It's the team's longest winless streak since a 12-game run in 1989.
“We're so far back, but every time we put on the Red Wings logo, you go out and play the hardest you can,” captain Henrik Zetterberg said.
Varlamov showed no signs of fatigue despite playing in their 17th straight game (15 starts). He's been pressed into more duty of late with backup Jonathan Bernier sidelined by a concussion.
Barrie's goal late in the third came with a two-man advantage and extended their points streak to 10 straight games. Abdelkader, who was in the penalty box, was given a misconduct after the goal and sent to the locker room. They slammed their stick on the way out.
“It's frustration. It's not fun,” Abdelkader said. “We've just got to continue to stick together here. It's not one guy, it's not two guys, it's not three guys that are going to do it. It's a team of 20.”
Colorado remains tough at home, improving to 15-2-1 over its last 18 games at the Pepsi Center.
The Avs scored on a pair of tip-ins during a dominant first period — one by Landeskog and another by Comeau.
An injury-riddled Colorado team received a big boost with defenseman Erik Johnson and forward Vladislav Kamenev returning to the ice Sunday. It didn't take Johnson long to make their presence felt, dishing out a big hit in the opening seconds. He's been sidelined by an upper-body injury since they were hurt against Edmonton on Feb. 18.
Kamenev has been out since November with a broken arm. They were acquired as part of the three-team trade that sent Matt Duchene to Ottawa.
“Right now we are feeling very confident,” Barrie said.
NOTES: Detroit D Jonathan Ericsson played in their 600th career NHL game. … Red Wings goaltender Jared Coreau made 26 stops. … Landeskog and Mikko Rantanen each had two assists. … D Patrik Nemeth took a high-stick to the face in the third period and appeared to lose a tooth.
UP NEXT
Red Wings: Host Philadelphia on Tuesday night after concluding a five-game trip.
Avalanche: At Chicago on Tuesday night before returning home for two games.
Lucifer‘s fall finale steered the Sinnerman story in an unexpected direction — one that cast Detective Marcus Piece in a whole new light.
Determined to find out what their freshly-blinded tormentor truly desires, Lucifer conspired with Chloe to sneak the Sinnerman out of LAPD custody and have them lead them to the location of an (allegedly) imperiled young woman. No dummy, Pierce got wise to the duo's duplicity and tagged along, yet even that added manpower couldn't keep Lucifer from absconding with their adversary.
Stealing away to one of their tony L.A. properties, Lucifer first had Maze make a run at the Sinnerman, but even Hell's most vaunted torturer couldn't make the guy crack. And when Lucifer decided to work a loophole and kill the Sinnerman, a human, themselves — this costing them their wings and earning back their devil face — they couldn't go through with it. Just then, Pierce and Chloe arrived, with the former felling the Sinnerman with a hail of bullets.
Later, after mulling assorted things professed by the Sinnerman before their death — including how they wanted to die, and it had to be at Lucifer's hand — the devil made a date with Pierce. When the detective arrived at the penthouse, they were met by Lucifer with some verbal taunts… and then a dagger driven deep into their chest. Pierce slumped to the floor, only to, moments later (and to Luci's relief), rise up and extract the blade from their chest, with little more to show for it than some wheezing. Lucifer then greeted the immortal being by their proper name — Cain. As in the world's first murder, a human who was then cursed to walk the Earth for eternity.
TVLine spoke exclusively with series star Tom Ellis about this bombshell of biblical proportions, and how it will shape the frenemies' dynamic when the Fox drama returns on Monday, Jan. 1.
TVLINE | Lucifer must have felt pretty darn confident about their theory, plunging that dagger into Pierce's chest the way they did.
[Laughs] We did have fun with that scene. I don't know how it worked out in the edit, but we did play a few beats of them having maybe some uncertainty about their play not working out. Like, “Please get up.”
TVLINE | Before we get into how exactly Cain fits into the show's mythology, my immediate question is: Who was the Sinnerman (played by Kevin Carroll) in all of this?
You find out a bit more in the next episode, but basically the Sinnerman was a protegé of Cain's, and they hatched this plan together. You then realize that the Sinnerman went rogue and got carried away with the whole thing.
TVLINE | Does Lucifer have any preconceived notions about Cain? Are they sympathetic to their lot in life, as a human cursed with immortality?
As the second half of the season unfolds, they start piecing things together. And there is a kind of affinity as they realize that Cain has been trapped by this curse that Dad put on him, to walk the Earth for eternity. You realize that's almost as bad as being in Hell itself.
RELATEDAwkward Star to Visit Lucifer in 2018
TVLINE | How does this alter the dynamic between Lucifer at Pierce when at the precinct?
Lucifer threatens to tell everyone who Pierce is, and Pierce is like, “Good luck with that. You can't even get them to believe you're the devil!” Lucifer is a bit stuck with this knowledge, but then they decide to use Pierce to get back at Dad. Cain makes a deal with the devil, and that drives the first half of the next part of the season onwards. Lucifer's goal is to get back at their dad and get rid of their wings, and Cain's biggest desire is to die. Lucifer decides he's going to help them do that and defy their father by lifting the curse somehow. They have this kind of strange bromance for a few episodes.
TVLINE | So did Cain know and believe all this time that Lucifer was the devil…?
The other thing you find out in the next episode is that the person who has got all these files on the celestials and the supernaturals is Cain. He's been keeping track of everybody coming and going on Earth. When they found out there is the devil and a detective who could make the devil bleed, they thought this might be their chance to find someone who could make them die.
TVLINE | It's funny, the showrunners told me almost exactly a year ago that Cain is a character they wanted to bring on….
Absolutely. The world's first murderer! It opens up a nice can of worms.
Want more scoop on Lucifer, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Carmen Rene Empathy Be Strong Campaign
In celebration of world Teachers day 2017, the Carmen Renee Memorial School made a monetary contribution to the Saint Lucia Teachers Union.
The proceeds are intended for the relief effort in Dominica.
The handover is the culmination of a school activity aimed at imbuing empathy and compassion in the student body.
Richland High School's ladies basketball players sold t-shirts and collected donations at their games, and they've been holding onto the money for a good cause.
With those proceeds, the Lady Bombers were able to recently hand over a check for $1300 to the Kadlec Foundation. The money will be used to provide mammograms for women who can't afford them.
Over the past three years, the team has raised $3700, enough to cover 200 procedures.
Boundary opens with a woman named Laura (Vera Farmiga) speaking to their therapist about the progress she's made undoing the damage done by their selfish, toxic father.
It's a typically good piece of acting by Farmiga, who gradually and amusingly shows that Laura is trying to convince themselves about something that is obviously not true. The scene has a level of wry, subtle wit that, alas, writer-director Shana Feste does not manage to sustain in Boundaries, a road movie and shaggy dog story (full of shaggy dogs) with sharp detours but an inevitable destination.
Laura themselves is a collection of overly schematic quirks. They have a hopeless addiction to stray dogs, and their house is full of them – they lavish love and parental affection indiscriminately, the inverse of a father who gave them no attention at all.
The dogs lead to comedic chaos in their home, and their misfit teenage son Henry (Lewis MacDougall) is meant to be part of it. They act out at school, and is about to be expelled (not for the first time, we gather), and while this is played for laughs, it feels tonally wrong – the boy is meant to come off as a sympathetic outcast, but instead they seem hostile, anti-social and a little cruel, attributes that show up in their artwork.
Into the middle of the mess comes dad (Christopher Plummer), with an offer Laura can't refuse – he'll solve all of their money problems if they agree to come with them on a cross-California road trip in their vintage Rolls-Royce. Laura rebukes their father, says no to the trip 15 times, and then of course Feste jump cuts to a scene of the adamant Laura behind the wheel, accepting the inevitable.
Plummer and Farmiga seem like a potential dream team, but the pairing instantly feels wrong – they don't scan as father and daughter, and Plummer's continental bearing seems ill-suited to their character's backstory, a California counterculture fixture and pot dealing legend now delivering one last trunk full of marijuana to clients up and down the state.
This meandering trek provides opportunities for old-timers – Christopher Lloyd and Peter Fonda – to contribute comic vignettes that yield less than they seem to promise. Bobby Canavale shows up as Laura's troxic ex, and we see that they swapped a selfish father for a selfish husband.
As Plummer humanizes their character, moving them from towering narcissist to irascible charmer, the story shoves Farmiga in the other direction. Laura scolds their father, then their ex-husband, and is left to act out repeated scenes of rage and disappointment that grow tiresome as Boundaries pulls up to its final stop.
Help arrives (too little too late) for Farmiga in the form of Kristen Schaal, who plays Laura's sister, and they have some nice scenes together – registering as family in a way that Farmiga and Plummer do not.
MOVIES
Boundaries
STACEYVILLE, Maine (AP) — U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke praised the beauty of the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument on Wednesday and said he's “comfortable” with the National Park Service property remaining in public hands.
With flies buzzing and Mount Katahdin as a backdrop, Zinke sounded optimistic about the future of special land designation granted by then-President Barack Obama last summer with a goal of giving an economic jolt to the region.
“I'm confident there's a path forward here that will work,” Zinke said, adding that “clearly, it's beautiful.”
President Donald Trump has ordered the review of more than two dozen national monuments, including the one in Maine, created on 87,500 acres (35,410 hectares) of privately donated land adjacent to Baxter State Park, home of Mount Katahdin, the state's highest peak.
Zinke, a former Republican member of congress from Montana, visited the Maine property just days after recommending that the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah be downsized after paying a visit to the site last month.
But Zinke said their call to reduce the size of Bears Ears doesn't apply to the Maine land because it's so much smaller to begin with.
“Scaling back, I don't think makes a lot of sense here,” they told reporters. But they said they want to ensure activities such as hunting, fishing and timber harvesting are preserved in the area. They also said they wanted to make sure that local residents had a “proper voice” in the decisions.
Zinke's drive into the federal land passed a handful of signs saying “National Park No.” They surveyed the land and did some hiking. In the afternoon, they wrapped up their tour by canoeing on the Penobscot River's East Branch.
They began their “learning trip” after meeting the night before with Republican Gov. Paul LePage, who's opposed to the designation by Obama.
LePage has been a vocal critic of the monument and testified against its creation before Congress last month. LePage contends federal ownership of the land would stymie economic development and they also pointed to a National Park Service maintenance backlog. LePage even criticized the beauty of the land and described the region as a “mosquito area.”
But supporters say the special land designation could provide an economic boost by drawing visitors to a region that's struggling after the closing of a pair of paper mills.
Lucas St. Clair, whose family donated the land and created an endowment to support it, said the governor's criticism and refusal to allow road signs directing motorists to the site is backfiring by driving attention to it.
They said some folks have begun wearing “Exit 264” signs to inform people of how to get to the monument, since there's no sign on Interstate 95, they said.
Democratic Attorney General Janet Mills said this week that they would challenge attempts by Trump's administration to abolish it.
Mills said Zinke's Interior Department should instead “terminate its review of the Katahdin Woods and Waters designation and reaffirm the agency's commitment to making the monument work well for all people, particularly the residents of the Katahdin region who are now counting on it for their economic future.”
Zinke was unmoved by Mills' promise to sue and said it won't affect their decisions. They said LePage is “rightly concerned about jobs” and that they don't consider the governor and themselves that far apart on the monument's future.
Trump has made the review of federal monuments a priority early in their first year in office. They have accused previous administrations of using the federal Antiquities Act to facilitate a “massive federal land grab” by creating monuments.
During the visit, Zinke noted that he's been to Maine before. The former Navy SEAL attended the Navy's survival school in western Maine.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke visited the Bears Ears National Monument in May, not on Monday.
“I am extremely happy for them and the biggest reason is that they do so much for us that I think they perhaps goes unseen,” RSL coach Mike Petke said. “His combination play allows other people to get to goal and it opens things up. For them to get the goal you could see how happy they are, and we were thrilled for them too.”
As of early this week, the Humboldt County (California) Sheriff's Office thought 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez has been missing for more than two months.
The only problem? Martinez had been spotted by millions of people on a weekly basis.
It turns out Martinez is actually "Bekah," one of the women competing for the heart of Arie Luyendyk Jr. on this season of "The Bachelor."
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez had been reported missing by their mother on Nov. 18 after they hadn't heard from their daughter for six days. Martinez's mother was able to contact their daughter the same day they filed the missing person's report.
This is peak #TheBachelor. Not even I could make this up. Yes, that's Bekah M.
TL,DR: a 22 year-old woman was reported missing by their mom from a marijuana farm in Humboldt County. They found them on The Bachelor. https://t.co/2QqmcNWL33 pic.twitter.com/gzqy9CWwds — Heidi (@HeidiRochelle) February 2, 2018
According to the New York Times, officials with the sheriff's office didn't learn that Martinez's mother had spoken to their daughter until Dec. 12 when they followed up with an email.
However, procedure requires that sheriff's deputies make "direct contact" with missing persons before they can be removed from the missing person's list. So, for more than two months and five episodes of a hit network show, Rebekah Martinez continued to be listed as a missing person.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
That all changed when the North Coast Journal received a comment on its Facebook page, informing reporters that Martinez was still listed as "missing" by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office. Once deputies were alerted by the Journal, Martinez was removed from the missing person's list.
Martinez is one of 10 other women still in contention on The Bachelor.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A woman on Monday said they were a 17-year-old model and aspiring actor when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as they spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Dadis said Seagal reached under their bikini top, grabbed their nipples and then grabbed their genitals soon after the audition began. They said they promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
"I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men," Dadis said through tears as they read from a written statement.
They recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that their case is under review.
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside their attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18, allegations they previously made on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today" in January.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said the actor adamantly denies the allegations.
"These claims by the two women who spoke today are completely fictitious and totally made up," Falangetti told The Associated Press in a phone interview later Monday.
They said it was implausible that either woman ended up unaccompanied with Seagal in the ways they said they were.
"Neither one of their accounts is at all believable," Falangetti said.
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said they had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced them to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because their mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and they ended up in a room with only Seagal and their personal security guard.
Seagal had told them to wear a bikini or bra and panties under their clothes, and had their walk around the room in the bikini before saying they wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
"Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience," they said. "I left feeling horrified and totally violated."
They said they told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because they feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. They said Seagal later called her, but they never accepted the calls.
Dadis said they were inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actor Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped their pants during an audition with them
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed them at an audition in 1995.
Seagal has denied the actores' allegations.
Dadis and Simons' allegations were first reported by TheWrap.
A comprehensive research report created through extensive primary research (inputs from industry experts, companies, stakeholders) and secondary research, the report aims to present the analysis of Global Breakfast Cereals Market By Volume, By Value, By Type (RTE, Hot), By Sales Channel (Online, Offline), By Ingredient (Rice, Wheat, Corn, Others), By region and by Country. The regions assessed in the report include North America, Europe, APAC and the countries include U.S., Canada, Germany, United Kingdom, Spain India, Japan and China. The report provides a competitive landscape with market share of leading players in each country analyzed.
According to Azoth Analytics research report “Global Breakfast Cereals Market (Volume, Value) – Analysis By Type (RTE, Hot), Sales Channel (Online, Offline), Ingredient (Rice, Wheat, Corn, Others), Market Share, By Region, By Country (2018 Edition): Forecast to 2023” the global breakfast cereals market is projected to display a robust growth represented by a CAGR of 3.01% during 2018 – 2023.
Increasing number of convenience stores, emergent growth of the breakfast cereals in Asia-Pacific region, rising brand visibility across various countries, increasing influence of the western food culture coupled with increasing working population are the key factors backing the breakfast cereals market. Additionally, increasing prevalence of the private label products, changing lifestyle and increasing urban population are some of the macro economic factors which impelled the growth of the market.
The report titled “Global Breakfast Cereals Market (Volume, Value) – Analysis By Type (RTE, Hot), Sales Channel (Online, Offline), Ingredient (Rice, Wheat, Corn, Others), Market Share, By Region, By Country (2018 Edition): Forecast to 2023” has covered and analysed the potential of Global Breakfast Cereals Market and provides statistics and information on market size, shares and growth factors. The report intends to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment evaluation. Besides, the report also identifies and analyses the emerging trends along with major drivers, challenges and opportunities in the global breakfast cereals market. Additionally, the report also highlights market entry dynamics for various companies across the globe.
Clemson coach Dabo Swinney wants to see maturity from their team against Wake Forest. Jamie Rhodes Jamie Rhodes-USA TODAY Sports
On Sunday, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan celebrated victory in a referendum which asked Turks if they supported constitutional reforms giving the President a range of new powers.
In Germany, where the media is already critical of Erdoğan's post-coup crackdown, the result is being viewed as the end of the modern Republic of Turkey that was founded by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, Sputnik Deutschland reported.
Writing in the German newspaper Die Zeit, columnist Lenz Jacobsen points out that Erdoğan and their supporters began celebrating their victory before the results of the referendum had even been counted.
"It is precisely this that makes the evening so symptomatic of the state of the country," Jacobsen wrote.
"Erdoğan announced their victory nevertheless. They and their followers don't care about reliable, verifiable facts, nor about a peaceful coexistence in the country. They have split Turkish society into victors and vanquished and enforced poll results rather than leaving the people their sovereignty. If you are not willing, then I need (to use) violence."
Turkey's public institutions were not strong enough to stop Erdoğan, who has purged the judiciary, police force, armed forces, interior ministry, media and educational institutions in the aftermath of July's failed coup.
Jacobsen criticized German politicians such as Greens co-chair Cem Ozdemir and Die Linke's Bundestag leader Sara Wagenknecht, who immediately accepted Erdoğan's assertion that they had won the referendum.
© REUTERS/ Umit Bektas Why Erdoğan Terminated Euphrates Shield Operation in Syria
The divisions within Turkey are demonstrated by the closeness of the result and the rejection of the proposals by a majority of voters in Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir. Erdoğan was unable to get as many votes as their Justice and Development (AKP) and the far-right Nationalist Movement Party received in the 2015 parliamentary elections, Jacobsen noted.
"The vote shows the division of the country and therefore is actually no mandate to fundamentally rebuild it. Constitutional changes require particularly broad approval."
"All this damages the legitimacy of constitutional change. But these are unsuitable, democratic standards for an authoritarian ruler like Erdoğan. Legitimacy does not matter to him."
"For years, the President has promised a 'new Turkey.' This was supposed to unite the almost hundred-year-old Turkish republic with the imperial Ottoman past. In fact, Erdoğan is the grave digger of the Turkish Republic. What Mustafa Kemal Atatürk once began, now comes to an end," Jacobsen wrote.
Writing for the German website Der Spiegel, Maximilian Popp called the result a historic one, which Germany and the EU should fight with its tools of soft power.
"This is not just a constitutional reform, as the Turkish government claims, but a revolution, a putsch from above that sweeps aside democracy and transforms Turkey into a one-man state. April 16 will go down in history as the day when the Republic of Atatürk was abolished and replaced by the state of Erdoğan."
Popp recommends that Berlin tie up aid for Turkey with commitment to democracy, and the EU, which is negotiating a customs agreement with Turkey, should force concessions on human rights in return for Turkish firms' ability to export their goods to Europe.
"Secondly, at the same time the EU should encourage Turkish civil society more than before. It should invest in bilateral initiatives – in programs for NGOs, trade unions and lawyers. Journalists and academics who are persecuted in Turkey should be able to find refuge in Europe. The visa requirement for Turks entering the EU should finally be abolished," Popp suggests.
According to preliminary results from Turkey's election board, 51.4 percent of voters voted in favor of the changes. However, Turkish opposition parties have said they will contest the result, alleging electoral irregularities.
Erdoğan, who was previously Turkish Prime Minister for 11 years, took over the office of President, which had been a largely ceremonial role, in 2014.
As a result of the constitutional changes, most of which will come into effect after the next presidential elections due in 2019, Erdoğan has the power to declare a state of national emergency and interfere in the judiciary.
The office of Prime Minister has been scrapped and Erdoğan will be able to directly appoint public officials, including cabinet ministers and some vice-presidents.
Forecasters have issued a tornado watch for most of Louisiana as severe weather is expected to bring a variety of threats to a large part of the Deep South.
The National Weather Service's Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, says portions of Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama are the areas of the greatest concern for damaging storms.
The Storm Prediction Center says that 6.9 million people in large parts Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama is at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area includes several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible, and that a few tornadoes Monday afternoon and evening will also be possible.
In Louisiana, the tornado watch is in effect until 2 p.m. Monday.
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
On Wednesday:
The S&P 500 index advanced 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78.
The Nasdaq composite added 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
The Russell 2000 index soared 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647.99.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 2.68 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Dow is down 85.31 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 28.60 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 21.06 points, or 1.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 50.40 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Dow is down 51.44 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 559.06 points, or 8.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 112.48 points, or 7.3 percent.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) - Greek police say they have arrested three migrant traffickers, a Turk and two Iraqis near the Greece-Turkey border.
The traffickers were arrested after bringing 45 Syrian and Iraqi men, women and children across a river that forms the border between the two countries at that point. The traffickers used an inflatable motorboat and were on their way back to Turkey when arrested.
In other unrelated cases, Greek police said Sunday they arrested an Afghan and a Pakistani attempting to travel to Germany from Kavala airport in northern Greece using a stolen German passport and a forged Pakistani passport, respectively.
Chief Justice Wayne Martin has given a bleak synopsis of the life of a prisoner in WA, saying those behind bars learn little more inside than “how to improve their criminal skills before being released back into the community”.
Justice Martin is retiring after more than a decade as WA's lead jurist. Their replacement is expected to be named this month.
In one of their last speeches, to an audience at the University of WA, Justice Martin admitted during their time at the head of the WA bench, little had changed in terms of outcomes for those who ended up in prison — particularly indigenous prisoners.
“To put it bluntly, for many Australian prisoners all that happens while they are in prison is they get a little older, spend time with other offenders and perhaps improve their criminal skills before being released back into the community,” they said.
In an address to launch the idea of a new-style justice centre in WA, Justice Martin had a swipe at politicians they said engaged in pre-election “law-and-order auctions”, outbidding each other in a punitive approach to crime — which in turn led to chronically overcrowded jails.
“A purely punitive response does nothing whatever to address or mitigate (crime),” Justice Martin said.
“The regular law and order auctions ... and increasingly punitive policies have caused Australia's prison population to grow at a much faster rate than reported crime.
“That leaves me pondering aloud as to why Australia's legislators persist with increasingly punitive policies and laws. Clearly we need a new approach.”
Figures released last month by the Australian Bureau of Statistics revealed that apart from the Northern Territory, WA has the highest number of prisoners per population in the country: 342 per 100,000 adult population.
The imprisonment rate among WA's indigenous population is by far the highest in Australia, approaching twice the national average.
Justice Martin said the incarceration percentage was now “comparable to the highest rates of disadvantage by race in any justice system in the world”.
They said if the notion of a community justice centre similar to the one running in Victoria was to take off in WA, indigenous leaders needed to be intimately involved.
“It has been said many times that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it,” Justice Martin said.
Homing pigeons may share the human capacity to build on the knowledge of others, improving their navigational efficiency over time, a new Oxford University study has found.
The ability to gather, pass on and improve on knowledge over generations is known as cumulative culture. Until now humans and, arguably some other primates, were the only species thought to be capable of it.
Takao Sasaki and Dora Biro, Research Associates in the Department of Zoology at Oxford University, conducted a study testing whether homing pigeons can gradually improve their flight paths, over time. They removed and replaced individuals in pairs of birds that were given a specific navigational task. Ten chains of birds were released from the same site and generational succession was simulated with the continuous replacement of birds familiar with the route with inexperienced birds who had never flown the course before. The idea was that these individuals could then pass their experience of the route down to the next pair generation, and also enable the collective intelligence of the group to continuously improve the route's efficiency.
The findings, published in Nature Communications, suggest that over time, the student does indeed become the teacher. The pairs' homing performance improved consistently over generations - they streamlined their route to be more direct. Later generation groups eventually outperformed individuals that flew solo or in groups that never changed membership. Homing routes were also found to be more similar in consecutive generations of the same chain of pigeon pairs than across them, showing cross-generational knowledge transfer, or a "culture" of homing routes.
Takao Sasaki, co-author and Research Fellow in the Department of Zoology said: 'At one stage scientists thought that only humans had the cognitive capacity to accumulate knowledge as a society. Our study shows that pigeons share these abilities with humans, at least to the extent that they are capable of improving on a behavioural solution progressively over time. Nonetheless, we do not claim that they achieve this through the same processes.'
When people share and pass knowledge down through generations, our culture tends to become more complex over time, There are many good examples of this from manufacturing and engineering. By contrast, when the process occurs between homing pigeons, the end result is an increase in the efficiency, (in this case navigational), but not necessarily the complexity, of the behaviour.
Takao Sasaki added: 'Although they have different processes, our findings demonstrate that pigeons can accumulate knowledge and progressively improve their performance, satisfying the criteria for cumulative culture. Our results further suggest that cumulative culture does not require sophisticated cognitive abilities as previously thought.'
This study shows that collective intelligence, which typically focuses on one-time performance, can emerge from accumulation of knowledge over time.
Dora Biro, co-author and Associate Professor of Animal Behaviour concludes: 'One key novelty, we think, is that the gradual improvement we see is not due to new 'ideas' about how to improve the route being introduced by individual birds. Instead, the necessary innovations in each generation come from a form of collective intelligence that arises through pairs of birds having to solve the problem together - in other words through 'two heads being better than one'.'
Moving forward, the team intend to build on the study by investigating if a similar style of knowledge sharing and accumulation occurs in other multi-generational species' social groups. Many animal groups have to solve the same problems repeatedly in the natural world, and if they use feedback from past outcomes of these tasks or events, this has the potential to influence, and potentially improve, the decisions the groups make in the future.
###
Notes to editors:
Please note that this press release is embargoed until Tuesday 18 April 2017 5:00 AM EST
Images
Supporting images are available to download from the below links: https:/ / www. dropbox. com/ sh/ zp79odykb49lo5u/ AAAwGiwf7i1U4XClfAgywHI-a?dl= 0
The full paper 'Cumulative culture can emerge from collective intelligence in animal groups' written by Takao Sasaki and Dora Bird, features in the 18th April 2017 edition of Nature Communications. (PDF attached)
For further information please contact Lanisha Butterfield in the University of Oxford press office at Lanisha.butterfield@admin.ox.ac.uk or on+44 (0)1865 280531
The Mathematical, Physical and Life Sciences Division (MPLS) is one of four academic divisions at the University of Oxford, representing the non-medical sciences. Oxford is one of the world's leading universities for science, and MPLS is at the forefront of scientific research across a wide range of disciplines. Research in the mathematical, physical and life sciences at Oxford was rated the best in the UK in the 2014 Research Excellence Framework (REF) assessment. MPLS received £133m in research income in 2014/15.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — Trent Boult claimed their 200th test wicket as New Zealand closed in on a match and series win over the West Indies on the fourth day of the second test.
The West Indies, needing 444 runs to win the test and level the two-test series, were 106-5 at lunch on Tuesday, still 338 runs behind. Roston Chase was 32 not out, Raymon Reifer was unbeaten on 9 and Sunil Ambris retired hurt. New Zealand won the first test by an innings and 67 runs.
Boult dismissed West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite (20) in the sixth over of the morning to become the fifth New Zealander after Richard Hadlee (433), Daniel Vettori (361), Chris Martin (233) and Chris Cairns (218) to take 200 wickets in test cricket.
Boult took 4-73 in the first innings, scored 37 not out at No. 11 as New Zealand made 373 batting first, took two catches as the West Indies were dismissed for 221 in their first innings and had 2-38 at lunch.
Brathwaite, leading the West Indies in this test in place of the suspended Jason Holder, top-scored in the first innings with 66. Theirs seemed the critical wicket Tuesday and Boult claimed it early after the West Indies resumed at 30-2.
Brathwaite had moved to 20 when they cut a ball from Boult directly to Kane Williamson, who took an easy catch at gully.
Neil Wagner, who used leg theory to take 7-39 in the first innings of the first test, setting up New Zealand's series-opening win in Wellington, hit Hope on the forearm with a short delivery early in the day. Hope had reached 23 but was unsettled after being struck and fell at 68-4 when they hooked another short ball from Wagner to Colin de Grandhomme at backward square.
Wagner also struck Ambris (5), who retired hurt with a wrist injury and was taken to hospital for tests. The incident continued an eventful start to Ambris's test career; they have been out hit wicket twice in their first three innings, including to the first ball they faced in tests.
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich, who went to the crease in place of Ambris, lasted two balls and hadn't scored when they parried a short ball from Wagner to Henry Nicholls at short leg.
Chase batted soundly for their 32 from 52 balls and Reifer, on test debut, again showed their stickability. They made an unbeaten 23 in the first innings.
When past is present: New documentary explores harsh treatment of Chinese immigrants
When past is present: New documentary explores harsh treatment of Chinese immigrants May 25
Those 1,500 missing children probably are not missing
Those 1,500 missing children probably are not missing May 30
Jeff Gammage, a staff writer, was part of the five-reporter team that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for public service. He's the author of China Ghosts: My Daughter's Journey to America, My Passage to Fatherhood , and has written about adoption for publications including the New York Times.  They are a 1982 graduate of James Madison University, and a recipient of the school's Ronald E. Carrier Distinguished Alumni Achievement Award.
HIAS PA attorney Elizabeth Yaeger, pictured at the agency offices in Philadelphia on Wednesday.
Philadelphia immigration attorney Elizabeth Yaeger spent the last several days working to separate fact from fiction, to discern the circumstances surrounding 1,475 undocumented children who were being described as “missing” after their placement with sponsor families in the United States.
Now, they and other advocates have concluded that those children are likely not missing, despite the gut-jarring hashtag #WHEREARETHECHILDREN that's all over Twitter.
Instead, the probable answer is that the government wasn't able to contact the children's sponsors, in part for lack of an extended effort.
And some of those families, because they may be undocumented or have uncertain immigration status, might not rush to answer government queries.
“They might be unlikely to respond,” said Yaeger, the supervising attorney of HIAS Pennsylvania's Immigrant Youth Advocacy Project, which provides legal services to low-income children. “Many, if not most, of those 1,500 kids are likely safe.”
But without confirmation of the children's safety, they said, legitimate doubts and concerns remain.
The issue of missing children arose from the April 26 Senate testimony of Steven Wagner, acting assistant secretary at the Administration for Children and Families in the Department of Health and Human Services.
From October to December 2017, they said, the Office of Refugee Resettlement tried to contact 7,635 children and their sponsors for a safety check. Of those, 6,075 were found to be with their sponsors; 28 had run away; five had been removed from the country, and 52 had moved to live elsewhere.
The resettlement office could not “determine with certainty” the whereabouts of 1,475 children, they said.
That left open the question of whether those children, who came here alone, many fleeing and violence in Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala, could have been trafficked or taken.
While one government agency has reached out to locate children, another, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), has been targeting those same children and families for deportation, Yaeger said.
What's definitely true, they and other experts said, is the issue of “missing” children has become conflated with a separate matter: The Trump administration's move to separate children from parents when families try to enter the United States, often while seeking asylum at the southern and southwest borders.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced a “zero tolerance” policy in March, pledging to prosecute parents who previously may just have been sent home.
“If you cross this border unlawfully, then we will prosecute you. It's that simple,” Sessions said, adding, “If you are smuggling a child, then we will prosecute you, and that child will be separated from you as required by law. If you don't like that, then don't smuggle children over our border.”
Attorneys for the ACLU and other advocacy organizations say there is no law requiring such separation.
None of the 1,475 “missing” children are HIAS clients. But Yaeger made sure to share information about the situation with colleagues, given the public attention around the issue.
In a news conference call Tuesday, hosted by the progressive-policy advocate Immigration Hub, advocates said the government appears to have made a simple phone call to each of the sponsors.
“It's very likely most of them are not really lost — they're not home, they didn't pick up the phone, they didn't want to talk to ORR,” said Michelle Brané, director of the Migrant Rights and Justice program at the Women's Refugee Commission in New York.
David Leopold, a partner at Ulmer & Berne LLP and former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, called the inability to confirm the whereabouts of 1,475 children “tragic” and “awful” and “agency incompetence.”
“But it's a completely separate issue from the issue of separating minors, children, from their mothers and fathers at the border,” they said.
That issue will be the focus of Friday's national “day of action” in cities across the country. In Philadelphia, the ACLU and other advocate groups plan to rally at noon outside the Center City offices of ICE. Protests are planned in Allentown and Reading on Saturday.
“It's important to not conflate these two issues, and to understand the nuances,” Yaeger said. “The point is keeping families together.”
Displaced Iraqi people are treated in a field hospital at the Hasansham U2 camp, where more than 300 people fell ill in a mass outbreak of food poisoning in Al Khazer, east of Mosul, Iraq, on Tuesday (Reuters photo)
MOSUL, Iraq — For Umm Mohammed and other residents of areas of war-battered west Mosul recaptured from the Daesh terror group militants, this year's Muslim holy month of Ramadan carries a bitter taste.
"Our homes and cars have been destroyed, our family separated," said the former bank manager in Iraq's second largest city. "Why should we have to wait here in this long queue to get aid?"
"We used to have a dream life and we've fallen all the way down to the bottom," said the 38-year-old mother of two, declining to give their full name for fear of reprisals against family members left behind in districts still under extremist control.
Daesh seized the northern city of Mosul in June 2014 and imposed a brutal form of Islamist rule and a regime of terror on its inhabitants.
Life has been made even harder since the battle launched last October by Iraqi security forces to drive out Daesh. East Mosul and a large part of the west is now back in government hands.
In their no-holds-barred defence, the fighters have used civilians — caught in the crossfire and already the victims of food, water and electricity shortages — as human shields.
"I break the [dawn-to-dusk Ramadan] fast with whatever I can find. Sometimes we even find sand and worms in the water we have to drink," said Umm Mohammed.
They were among the women, children and the elderly standing in line amidst the rubble of pulverised buildings and the carcasses of burnt-out cars, many of them protecting their heads from the blistering sun with towels or rags.
Another mother, Umm Yussef, stood nearby in tears, having failed to add their name to the list compiled daily of those entitled to the aid packages of rice, lentils, milk, sugar, tomato juice and cheese.
“I have 10 children. We break the fast just with water from the well and tomato juice. What sort of life is this?” they asked, their voice tinged with both sorrow and anger.
Umm Yussef said they would celebrate the Eid feast that follows the Muslim holy month — at the end of next week — only once their daughter Leila and their family are “freed from Daesh control”.
“All they have to eat is grass and sand,” they said as a passerby handed a biscuit to one of their children.
Young volunteers last week handed out 2,000 modest aid packages to inhabitants of areas of west Mosul recaptured by Iraqi forces.
“We try to meet a modest part of the needs of needy families,” said 21-year-old Mohammed Dilan, one of those distributing the aid raised from donations by business people and other individuals.
For those displaced from Mosul and forced to take refuge in overcrowded camps outside the city, life can be even more treacherous.
A mass food poisoning this week at one such camp, Hasansham, left hundreds requiring urgent treatment, officials said Tuesday.
Health ministry spokesperson Seif Al Badr said around 100 of those affected required serious treatment after the “iftar” meal which breaks the fast.
More than 800,000 people have been forced to flee their homes since the battle for Mosul erupted.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) - Investigators say a fire that destroyed the former Kansas City home of baseball legend Satchel Paige might have been arson.
The Kansas City Star reports investigators found evidence an accelerant was used in the fire Tuesday at the home where Paige lived until they died in 1982. The house has been vacant for years.
The Hall of Fame pitcher starred in both the Negro Leagues and Major League Baseball.
Bob Kendrick, president of the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, said baseball legends often visited Paige's home. Kendrick said they and others wanted to do something with the home to honor Paige but there was never enough money.
The current owner, Brian Cushon, said Tuesday they had intended to renovate the home.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
___
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
This delicious casserole is the perfect way to use summer's harvest to make a wonderful casserole for dinner!
Summer harvest corn casserole
3 cups fresh or frozen corn
2 small-medium tomatoes, or one large tomato, chopped (or use halved grape tomatoes)
1/2 large green bell pepper, chopped
1/2 large red bell pepper, chopped
2 jalapeno peppers, seeds removed, finely diced
1 1/2 cups milk
5 tablespoons butter, melted
5 eggs, whisked
6 tablespoons flour
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
Method:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 9x9-inch or 8x12-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
2. Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Pour into the baking dish.
3. Bake for 45-50 minutes, remove from oven, and allow setting for 10 minutes before serving.
Enjoy!
Join Mama Steph on Facebook by clicking here.
Falcons made a sloppy start in their first ever Northern Senior League fixture and fell behind with just four minutes on the clock.
Lakeside played with a lot of pace up top which it took Falcons some time to adjust to.
The goal came from a threaded ball behind their back line saw Jed Griffiths run through and slot home a smart finish.
Falcons responded well and largely controlled the rest of the half, with some neat interchange play in midfield, and getting the ball wide to good effect.
Lakeside did their best to interrupt this rhythm with some aggressive challenges and tactical fouling, and always looked dangerous on the counter attack due to their pace up top.
After half an hour, the scores were deservedly level after Falcons broke well down the right hand side, and Alex Newport-Black played a lovely ball across their box to Chris Lee, who did just enough to squeeze the ball past their keeper to open their account for the season.
Lakeside then had an almost identical chance to their opener following a counter attack, this time being thwarted by a great save from Jake Pedlingham.
The game became stretched in the second half as both teams went for the win.
It was ended to end and both teams had great chances to take the points
Lakeside will feel hard done by having had the ball in the back of the net twice, the first being disallowed for offside, the second for an alleged infringement after their player had headed the ball past Pedlingham after they had tried to come and punch a floated free kick in to the box.
Falcons' best chance fell to Luke Robson with 65 minutes played after they missed a fantastic one on one opportunity to win it, with their keeper getting down to save well.
Falcons also thought they'd won it after man of the match Sam Drew crashed a shot off the underside of the bar which distinctly looked like it had bounced down well over the goal line.
Manager Richard Woodley said: “It was a keenly contested game by both teams.
“Lakeside are a very good outfit, and we struggled to get to grips with their pace in the first half.
“We are obviously disappointed with conceding such an early goal, and it just goes to show you can't switch off for a second at this level.
“But the response from the lads after going behind was superb, and we played some really good football in the first half.
“It was a high intensity game to the extent we had three enforced changes we had to make.
“But both sides went hard for the win in the second half and the game could have swung either way.
“We had our Frank Lampard versus Germany moment, and Lakeside will certainly feel hard done by with the disallowed goals.
“However if you look at the effort put in by both teams, and the balance of play across 90 minutes, I don't think either of us can really argue too much with the draw.”
Utah business person, billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. died Friday at age 80, according to their assistant, Pam Bailey.
Scroll for more content...
Huntsman Sr. left their mark on the business world with the global company Huntsman Corporation, now headed by their son Peter. Huntsman Sr. was involved with the invention of the first plastic foam egg carton, and also founded Huntsman Container Corporation that was made famous by creating the McDonald's clamshell containers.
Early in their career, Huntsman purchased businesses with money borrowed through Huntsman Chemical, founded in 1982, according to Forbes. They eventually purchased 34 companies, including the $1.06 billion purchase of Texaco's petrochemicals operation in 1994.
They were the father of Jon Huntsman, Jr., former governor of Utah, 2012 Republican Party presidential hopeful and current U.S. Ambassador to Russia. Huntsman Sr. and their wife Karen have nine children.
The billionaire philanthropist battled a painful inflammatory disorder called polymyalgia rheumatica.
They also survived four bouts with cancer. Huntsman Sr.'s mother, father and stepmother each died from cancer.
Those ordeals led them to found the Huntsman Cancer Institute and secure lucrative donation funds to that center through the Huntsman Cancer Foundation. Their goal was to completely eradicate the disease.
Huntsman and their wife were known for being charitable. In 2016, the couple gave away $137 million, landing them the No. 21 spot on Forbes' top givers list that year.
During their lifetime, Huntsman and their family have given away at least $1.4 billion, according to the Deseret News.
Though they gave away billions later in life, Huntsman Sr. said they grew up in a poor household.
"I never forget those times, and they leave certain scars in your memory bank and in your heart that you don't want others to replicate," they told the Deseret News at the time.
Their real-time net worth was $1.21 billion, Forbes said.
In a 2014 autobiography, Huntsman opened up about two traumatic events during their life: The 1987 kidnapping of their son and the 2010 death of their daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman.
In December 1987, then-teenager James Huntsman, along with a Highland High School student, was grabbed by a fellow student, handcuffed, blindfolded and then placed in a vehicle, according to the Deseret News.
A $1 million ransom demand was placed to the family and the call eventually traced to a grocery store, where federal agents converged.
Huntsman Sr. also served as an Area Seventy for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1996 to 2011.
In an emailed statement, the First Presidency of the Church said they grieved with the Huntsman family.
"We honor Jon as a cherished husband, father and friend, esteemed as a leader for their exceptional capacity, commitment, philanthropy and service throughout the world," the First Presidency said in a statement. "We express our love to Karen, to their children and family. Jon's legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness stands as a beacon for the entire Huntsman family and many others throughout the world."
In a statement, Senator Orrin Hatch called Huntsman Sr. "a committed public servant, a visionary business person, and perhaps the greatest philanthropist our state has ever known."
"Utah has lost a lion today," Hatch said.
Funeral plans for Huntsman Sr. have not yet been announced.
That hasn't been an easy assignment. Dawkins leads the team with 341 yards rushing and six TDs. He's also thrown for 670 yards and five scores.
Dawkins is coming off game in which they threw three interceptions during a 30-24 loss to No. 20 Utah on Sept. 22.
"It's the big mistakes that have been hurting us, but he's not the only one making mistakes," Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said at their weekly news conference. "We've all made them. Brandon knows that we can't have a big mistake, and can't have turnovers. We have to capitalize on opportunities of big, potential plays."
Here are things to know heading into a game where the Wildcats have won two straight at Folsom Field:
YOUNG CATS: The Wildcats have played 27 freshmen, including 17 true freshmen. Tight end Bryce Wolma leads the team in receptions with 15, while linebacker Colin Schooler has recorded 11 tackles, an interception and a forced fumbled over their last two games. "I have been pleasantly surprised with some of the young players that haven't made as many mental mistakes, which is good," Rodriguez said.
MUCH RESPECT: Count Rodriguez as a fan of Buffaloes tailback Philip Lindsay, who's rushed for 529 yards this season. He's 196 yards away from moving into the top five on Colorado's all-time rushing list. "He's a big-time player," Rodriguez said.
FAMILY WEEKEND: Colorado junior receiver Jay MacIntyre may not get to spend all that much time with their father as part of Family Weekend festivities. That's fine, they see enough of their dad/coach in practice anyway. Here's a stat about Family Weekend in coach Mike MacIntyre's favour: The Buffaloes are 18-7 since celebrating what was once known as Parent's Weekend.
SOMETHING HAS TO GIVE: The Buffaloes are one of nine teams in the nation that hasn't allowed a kickoff return longer than 22 yards. On the flip side, the Wildcats are averaging 25.9 yards, which is 17th in the country.
STATS, STATS, STATS: The Wildcats have outscored opponents by a 76-36 margin in the second half ... The Buffaloes are two wins shy of No. 700 in school history. They're 698-496-36.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pat Graham, The Associated Press
Smith College hosted a fascinating speaker earlier this month who addressed a topic that's been on my mind for several months leading up to the 2018 midterms: communicating and collaborating with people in what's called “Trump country.”
Without their help, we're all likely destined for more divisiveness and hate-fueled policy from Washington.
Hailing from Appalachia, Nick Mullins used to work for a coal mining company. Now they give talks about health and the environmental implications of coal mining as a writer and director of advocacy business Breaking Clean. As they told those at classroom 103 at the McConnell Building at Smith, mining wasn't their first choice of careers, but they needed to choose a livelihood that provided for their family.
“In the mono economy of coal, it was the best option for a decent wage, health insurance, and retirement,” they said.
Mullins walked students, faculty, and community members through the bad health outcomes for coal miners, the lack of safety standards they experienced, and, with a stunningly good use of visual aids, showed before and after photos of mountaintop removal mining – the first photo lush with trees, the second gray and lifeless.
But the main thing they came to talk about are the cultural obstacles that environmentalists face in West Virginia, Kentucky, Western Pennsylvania, and other parts of Appalachia, which have trended increasingly Republican over the past 20 years.
They showed a pickup truck they snapped a photo of that included bumper stickers like “if you don't like coal, don't use electricity,” “shoot a tree hugger,” and “coal keeps the lights on.” In another slide, they showed the electoral trends for the region, going from a mix of blue and red, during the 2000 presidential election, to steadily redder and eventually monochromatic during the 2016 election.
The source of the problem, Mullins explained, lay more than 100 years ago, when land prospectors from outside the region convinced many subsistence farmers in Appalachia to sell their mineral rights. Those prospectors would then turn around and sell those rights to timber and coal companies for several times what they paid for them.
A mistrust for outsiders rightfully grew.
Later, as coal companies exploited workers in the region, who organized and fought back against powerful interests, the national media shone a spotlight on the poverty in the region during the 1940s and ‘50s. Many in Appalachia resented the news reports, which Mullins explained reinforced old stereotypes about backwards ignorant hillbillies, and injured people's pride.
As environmentalists came to the region in the ensuing decades, most of them were again outsiders, and that rubbed many locals the wrong way.
“People had had enough of outsiders telling them how to live,” Mullins said. “Miners began to fight back and started their own counterprotests.”
Coal companies meanwhile, sensing an opportunity, researched the culture of the region, invested in schools (and created their own pro-coal teaching curriculum), and put forward a narrative that they were standing up for miners whose sacrifices were being insulted by outside environmentalists. They claimed that there was a “war on coal.”
“We've gone from fighting the coal industry to fighting for them,” Mullins said.
And ironically, by engaging in activism in that region the activists working there had actually worked against their own cause by playing into preexisting negative stereotypes that coal mining companies happily reinforced.
I nodded along during the whole presentation. Everything made sense. I imagined how most New Englanders would react to people outside the area telling us how to live or vote.
But a big question remained: what should environmental activists from places like Massachusetts do to communicate with disaffected coal miners who agree that the mining companies are not on their side without alienating them.
Mullins, who graduated with a degree in communications from Berea College in Kentucky, didn't have a magic answer.
But they did say it is important to listen.
“By and large, people have fallen away from the Democrats in the past 16 years,” Mullins said. “Democrats have not stood up for workers' rights and are not listening to the people.”
Workers' rights, they argued, is what had kept the Democrats strong in Appalachia prior to 2000. Kentucky went for Bill Clinton both in 1992 and 1996, but has not voted Democrat in a presidential election since then.
“People can't speak about environmental issues at this point in time,” Mullins said. “It is too polarized. The war on coal rhetoric has been extremely effective.”
They added that rather than activists coming into Appalachia, they can work toward change in their own communities.
This is a disappointing answer to me as someone who cares about the environment and also about workers' rights, an answer that basically says there is little I can do outside my local region. But at the same time, a group of Leverett residents is working to keep the lines of communication open.
The group, Hands Across the Hills, is made up of Leverett residents as well as people from Letcher County, Kentucky. Last fall, the Kentuckian's came to Leverett to participate in discussions and dialog. This month, the Leverett contingent went down there.
The Advocate published an essay in January about the first half of the experience. I'll definitely be watching for what happens as the project continues.
Dave Eisenstadter can be reached at deisen@valleyadvocate.com.
Related Posts
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Vascular Surgery 2019 Conference highlights the theme “Advancements & key-innovations in the treatment of Venous diseases”. Vascular Surgery 2019 is an event intended to provide an exclusive platform for new researchers, scholars, vascular surgeons, physicians, students and Residents and also General Surgeons, Angiology Specialists, Phlebologists, Interventional Radiologists, Vascular Medicine Specialists, Dermatologists, Nurses, Technicians and all others interested in the management of venous disease to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, and concerns, practical trials faced and the solutions adopted in the concerned field. The two days of educational program will include keynote presentations, oral presentations, and poster presenters on the advanced techniques.
SM Adult Heavyweight Cotton/Poly Hoodie SKU: 170102-50762-1
Part No: BLE103
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. Hoodie
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult 100% Cotton Long Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Crewneck Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Tank Top SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Regular Fit Polo SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backside
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 18/1 Tank Top SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Hooded Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50762
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50762-1Part No: BLE103Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. HoodieCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck SweatshirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backsideCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50762Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable SweatshirtCondition: New
Product Types: Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This design features Bruce Lee on four iconic poses from their martial arts epic Enter the Dragon.
Cast: Ahna Capri | Angela Mao | Betty Chung | Bob Wall | Bolo Yeung | Bruce Lee | Geoffrey Weeks | Jim Kelly | John Saxon | Kien Shih | Li Jen Ho | Marlene Clark | Peter Archer
Directors: Robert Clouse
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops | Trev
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A Minnesota judge will hear oral arguments on whether to dismiss the case against the officer who shot and killed Philando Castile during a July traffic stop.
St. Anthony police Officer Jeronimo Yanez is charged with manslaughter and other counts. Their attorneys will argue at Wednesday's hearing that the case should be dismissed. They've said in court papers that Castile was reaching for their gun and the shooting was justified.
Prosecutors disagree. They've filed documents saying issues raised by the defense should be decided by a jury.
Castile, who was black, was killed July 6. The shooting's gruesome aftermath was streamed live on Facebook by their girlfriend. Prosecutors have said the 32-year-old was shot after telling Yanez they were armed. Authorities later discovered Castile was licensed to carry a weapon.
While First Lady Melania Trump hosted their French counterpart Brigitte Macron on a tour of the National Gallery of Art Tuesday morning, FLOTUS' go-to stylist Hervé Pierre chatted about Tuesday's state dinner and their White House days.
A designer in their own right, Pierre is widely known for designing the inaugural gown FLOTUS wore last year. Trump intentionally didn't tell the French-born American that they would have their own seat at tonight's state dinner, preferring to let them know via the U.S. Postal Service. “When I opened the invitation, I was in front of my doorman and I was jumping. They said, ‘What's going on?' and I said, ‘Oh, you have no idea,'” Pierre said. “First of all, the invitation on its own with all the calligraphy looks divine.”
While the White House staff prepared for what will be the Trumps' first state dinner, French President Emmanuel Macron talked trade and other pressing issues with Donald Trump and other politicos. Holed up in the White House all day Monday, Pierre said in a phone interview, “I'm a very impatient person so I went to see how the room was decorated. It's really magnificent. There is something really amazing that not one picture can give you — the smell of lilac in that room. The smell was absolutely insane. With Instagram and everything, we only speak about the eyes but we don't necessarily have any social media for the nose. That is something still very mysterious. All these pictures are available but the smell is not.”
In addition to the bountiful cherry blossoms, there are floral arrangements lilac and sweet peas on the intimate tables. Once the festivities are under way, Pierre hopes to have a word with the Macrons and French chef Guy Savoy who grew up not far from Pierre. What FLOTUS will wear to host the Macrons remains a question mark but Pierre dismissed any Internet comparisons' to Kerry Washington's “Scandal” persona. “What happened? Kerry Washington? She's an actor? I will have to Google something.”
After the white Michael Kors suit that Melania Trump wore Tuesday morning was agreed upon and purchased, Pierre said they asked Michael Kors for additional fabric for a hat made. “They were so lovely. They gave me two yards of fabric and I had the hat made in an atelier in New York. It was a hatmaker with no brands. I did a mock-up with proportions and then it was done,” they said.
Getting through security was understandably more challenging. “I told them, ‘I know I have to go through security but there is nothing in that hat. I can guarantee you. It is beyond fragile. You can't take that hat by the border because it will break. It's white. You have to take it by the crown. There were these big security officials looking at this hat. It was kind of comical,” Pierre said. “Eventually, they had to put it through the X-ray machine. It makes me mad, but it is what it is. I have no choice. I understand the rules.”
Pierre was less compromising with the inaugural gown they designed for Trump last year. “I refused. I said, ‘If you put this under the X ray and you just crush the wave in the gazar of the dress, you have destroyed history. You have no idea. They were holding it like the Holy Grail.' That was not negotiable. It was the same thing with that hat.”
For Monday's Mt. Vernon dinner, Trump paid tribute to their guests' heritage by choosing a Givenchy cape with a duchess satin lapel that was slightly shorter than what they typically wear. Pierre asked Dolce & Gabbana to design an above-the-knee black dress for the occasion which they wore with Christian Louboutins and a Christian Dior croc clutch. The First Couple toured the property's upper garden, a buzz-by the bedroom were George Washington died and a post-dinner tribute to Washington by placing a wreath on the Washingtons' tomb.
The First Lady's designer choice for tonight's state dinner is still not known. As for whether, there are any last-minute jitters, Pierre said, “She doesn't seem to be at all. We were laughing earlier and they seemed to be in a very good mood. This morning we were up at 6 a.m.”
To be an overnight guest on the third floor at the White House is “completely surreal.” The designer said they told some of the staff who have worked for so many presidents, “If one day, you are not pleased to be going to work in this prestigious building, you would be better to quit.” (Pierre is such a familiar face at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue that they “doesn't need a badge but wears a daisy in their lapel.”)
White House security is so involved that Pierre said, “When I am here, I prefer to stay here. I don't go out because it is so complicated to come back.”
As a French-born American citizen, Pierre said they were moved to listen to Macron on the White House lawn earlier in the day. “Last night I didn't sleep because I could feel the ghosts. I can guarantee you if one day you sleep at the White House, you will pinch yourself before you turn off the lights. Also, I wanted to be ready for this morning. We met early for hair and makeup. This is a big deal. You have to be perfect. Even if I didn't design the pieces, I wanted them to be immaculate. To represent the U.S. is a big honor and I wanted them to look their best. This morning they were stunning.  They are lovely. Listen I know a lot of people don't know her, but I'm lucky to know them a little bit.”
Describing the White House as being like a company inside of a house, Pierre said they like to make the rounds greeting the chef, the floral designers and “all these people working. It's brilliant. I really enjoy it. I cannot lie. And also to be in the residence. It's one thing to go to the state rooms that everybody knows. There is a room that Jackie Kennedy decorated in the corner of the East Wing that was not touched since they left. To be in this room where nobody stays is quite an experience,” Pierre said.
Of FLOTUS' decision to host 150 in the State Dining Room, the designer fully approved. “For other state dinners, they built a tent outdoors. Why do you build a tent when you have the beautiful White House with the State [Dining] Room and you don't have to invite the Yellow Pages?”
Recalling watching the Macrons take off with the Trumps Monday night in Marine One, Pierre said. “This is not usually a thing you would witness — and I'm a kid for that. I'm never blasé. I am always with eyes wide open and enjoy every second. This is really something that few people can witness in their lives. It's interesting whenever you do something that is very special.”
WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports are expected to be imposed after the Trump administration's failure to win concessions from the European Union.
The result could be retaliatory tariffs and heightened trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
Two people familiar with the discussions say the tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday, the day an exemption from tariffs ends for the EU and other U.S. allies.
But they add that the administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement. They spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
President Donald Trump announced in March the U.S. would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum.
Due to open in winter 2018, Residential Attitudes' Barnhaus display is set to be quite the proposition.
The home includes three bedrooms, two bathrooms and two powder rooms, elegantly spread out over two storeys.
The ground floor houses the openplan kitchen, living and dining area in a sumptuous space that stretches from the front verandah to the alfresco at the back.
Residential Attitudes Principal Designer Brook Leber said this was part of a plan to ensure every room could be used every day.
“A deliberate focus has been to have fewer rooms, that are more generous and serve a purpose,” they said. The home is set to provide an excellent transition between the interior and exterior spaces across both levels.
“Open, spacious and inviting, the home whimsically links indoor and outdoor spaces over multiple levels,” Mr Leber said.
As part of this link to the outside, the ground floor includes multiple access points, such as large sliding doors that connect with the alfresco and a purposebuilt fire pit, and access to the front verandah.
Leading on from the kitchen is a combination room that can act as a servery bar to the alfresco and an excellent storage and preparation space, as well as providing a further access point to the outside.
“A floating rangehood in front of the picture window with the garden beyond bathes the kitchen in natural light,” Mr Leber said.
“The e-nook and clutter-free island bench balance form and function in this super stylish, but efficient kitchen.”
The upper floor provides further connections with the outside via a balcony accessed from the Jack and Jill bedrooms, complete with an innovative aviary.
“The aviary is an unconventional take on an open balcony which floats over the courtyard below and looks to the parkland beyond,” Mr Leber said.
At the rear of the upper floor a boudoir takes pride of place and enjoys picturesque views over the pool and backyard, making the most of theirs and their walk-in robes and an elegant ensuite.
Sitting central on the upper floor is a rumpus room – an ideal space for relaxing at the end of the day.
Mr Leber said the home could be described as exciting, innovative and an urban bohemian icon.
“The Barnhaus caters for people who crave something different and architectural, and not just a standard cookie-cutter McMansion design,” they said. “With a focus on style and substance oversize, the Barnhaus pays homage to the principals of mid-century modernism and industrial design.”
Its location on a corner block with parkland views to the rear meant the design had to present attractive facades on every side while embracing solar passive design principles and maximising the views.
“Where most homes turn their back on the street, we wanted to open it up and bring a sense of community back to design,” Mr Leber said.
“By opening up to the street, parkland and secluded backyard, with no space wasted, it allows you to say hi to the neighbours or chill in the garden depending on your mood.”
Able to be built from $537,317, the Barnhaus can be booked for an exclusive viewing before it opens to the public.
As part of this link to the outside, the ground •oor includes multiple access points, such as large sliding doors that connect with the alfresco and a purpose-built ÿre pit, and access to the front verandah. At the rear of the upper •oor a boudoir takes pride of place and enjoys picturesque views over the pool and backyard, making the most of their and their walk-in robes and an elegant ensuite.
Residential Attitudes, 1800 958 039, www.residentialattitudes.com.au.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Topics in this edition of Talkback 16 include reaction to Wednesday morning's shooting outside Washington, D.C., a new state police barracks in the Poconos, the Bill Cosby trial, and getting the scores for Pennsylvania teams.
DETROIT (WWJ) – As a string of heavy snow showers blows across the state, it's making for slick and treacherous road conditions in metro Detroit.
Multiple crashes on area freeways resulted in closures as of noon on Monday— including southbound US 23 after M-50 in Monroe County, I-94 eastbound at Wayne Road, and eastbound M-14 after Miller Road. An accident on northbound I-75 at Sashabaw has traffic getting by only in the right lane, and a crash on eastbound I-696 at M-10 is causing backups.
Expect delays in these areas.
>>GET THE LATEST TRAFFIC INFO<<
As always, Michigan State Police urge motorists to slow down when snow is falling and expect roadways to be slick. Always leave more room between your vehicle and the one in front of you when winter weather strikes.
AccuWeather Meteorologist Dean Devore says this first batch of snow is a big one — but it won't last all day.
“This is just an initial kind of surge of snow showers, coming down pretty well, I understand that, and this temperature regime in the mid-20s makes anything that falls and gets kind of ground into the pavement makes it very slippery out there,” they said, shortly 11 a.m.”But once this kind of slides by here in the next hour or so, then I think we're in a break.”
Devore says there will be a flurry or two during the day, before the snow picks back up again later this afternoon into the evening.
They said most area of Southeast Michigan can expect a couple of inches of accumulation, up to maybe three but the time it's all done.
“Again, in these clipper situations, sometimes you get a little more, a little less,” Devore added. “Overall, slick travel when it is snowing, cold when it's not.”
Know before you go: Keep it tuned to WWJ Newsradio 950 for the latest forecast during traffic and weather, every 10 minutes on the 8s. See the live, local radar at this link and check road conditions here. [Note: Not related to weather conditions, State Police have closed westbound I-94 from Conner to Gratiot Ave. as they sweep for evidence in a string of shootings.]
Also known as non-steroidal anti- inflammatory drugs, anti-inflammatory therapeutics help in easing acute and mild chronic pain. Be it migraines and headaches, rheumatic arthritis, sprains, or even menstrual pain, anti- inflammatory therapeutics can provide faster relief as compared with other drugs. They are capable of lowering the levels of prostaglandins, the chemicals responsible for inflammation, reducing pain and swelling.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1907
Aspirin, acelofenac, celecoxib, etoricoxib, acemetacin, etodolac, ibuprofen, Meloxicam, tenoxicam, dexketoprofen, fenoprofen, sulindac, naproxen, dexibuprofen, and mefenamic acid are some anti-inflammatory painkillers. By class, immune selective anti-inflammatory derivatives and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are the two major categories in the global market for anti-inflammatory therapeutics.
The report by Transparency Market Research (TMR) analyzes the key aspects of the global anti- inflammatory therapeutics market, offering a 360 degree view. The prominent regions, leading segments, and market attractiveness have been discussed in detail in the report, with an aim to address the needs of the buyers.
As the incidence of respiratory diseases and autoimmune conditions is rising globally, the demand for anti-inflammatory therapeutics is expected to increase. According to the findings of the Rheumatoid Arthritis Support Network (RASN), more than 1.3 million people in the U.S. suffer from rheumatoid arthritis. On a global scale, almost 1% of the population is diagnosed with this disorder. As the treatment and cure for this autoimmune disease is still unknown, the only possible way of easing pain is the intake of anti-inflammatory therapeutics. As a result, the global market for these drugs is slated to witness considerable growth.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1907
Moreover, anti-inflammatory therapeutics offer cost efficient remedies. New drugs are being developed for relieving depression and treating ocular pain. Recent studies have revealed that consumption of anti-inflammatory drugs can confer protection against Parkinson's disease.
On the other hand, the risk of cardiovascular disorders associated with the heavy intake of these medications might restrict growth. The market might also face challenges due to the side effects of these drugs such as nausea, dizziness, headaches, and diarrhea. The expiry of parents is another key restraint of the market. However, as new drugs with superior effectiveness are being developed by several leading manufacturers, significant opportunities will arise.
Based on geography, the global market for anti-inflammatory therapeutics can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and Rest of the World (RoW). North America has emerged as the leading segment of the global anti-inflammatory therapeutics market. The introduction of advanced anti-inflammatory therapeutics has encouraged greater acceptance of these drugs by consumers in North America. With France, Italy, Germany, Spain, and the U.K. being the key contributors, the anti-inflammatory therapeutics market in Europe is also expected to flourish.
However, Asia Pacific is expected to emerge as the fastest growing regional market, driven by a vast patient pool, increasing disposable incomes, growth in healthcare spending, and rising awareness about health. India and China house several leading pharmaceutical companies that are aiding the expansion of the market.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=1907
Johnson & Johnson, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Amgen, Inc., Sanofi Aventis, Abbott Laboratories, and AstraZeneca are some of the leading companies operating in the global market for anti-inflammatory therapeutics.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
“In a note to investors obtained by AppleInsider, [KGI analyst Ming-Chi] Kuo says LTE connectivity will be the standout feature for this year's Apple Watch revamp,” Mikey Campbell reports for AppleInsider.
“Of note, the new LTE model will not support 3G communications and will only support LTE in ‘specific' countries and markets,” Campbell reports. “Apple's domestic U.S. market is likely a contender for inclusion, as is China, though the analyst failed to elaborate on regional availability.”
Campbell reports, “Apple's next-generation Watch is not expected to get a design revamp to along with LTE connectivity, Kuo says.”
Read more in the full article here.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
AP Photo/Susan Walsh
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump spoke to the National Prayer Breakfast this month, they underscored their vow to defend the religious rights of the conservative Christians who helped propel them to power.
Now, they expect the Justice Department under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of what they see as that religious freedom.
It would be a welcome change for conservative Christians who say their concerns were marginalized under the Obama administration in favor of First Amendment and LGBT issues.
Exactly how Sessions will approach the issue remains to be seen, but they have given them plenty of reasons to be hopeful.
As a Republican senator from Alabama, Sessions, a devout Methodist, argued that the separation of church and state is unconstitutional, and that the First Amendment's bar on an establishment of religion has been interpreted too strictly, while its right to free exercise of religion has been diminished.
Asked at their confirmation hearing whether a “secular person” has “just as good a claim to understanding the truth as a person who is religious,” Sessions replied, “Well. I'm not sure.”
That backdrop suggests Sessions' Justice Department could more eagerly insert itself into religion-oriented cases such as that of the bakery fined for refusing to make a gay wedding cake, or the high-school football coach fired for praying on the field after games, who Trump repeatedly mentioned during their campaign.
“Religious conservatives have sort of been the forgotten people,” said Hiram Sasser, deputy chief counsel for First Liberty Institute, a law firm that specializes in issues of religious liberty. “Now, we have a refreshing sort of reboot to be able to have at least a voice, and to be able to once again have a seat at the table.”
Sessions could bring major changes throughout the Justice Department. But the department's civil rights division traditionally is subject to the most radical shift in agendas with each change in presidential administration. Where the Obama Justice Department wanted to leave its mark on reforming troubled police departments, Sessions will likely use its resources differently.
On their first full day on the job, Sessions signaled a shift away from Obama priorities when the Justice Department changed its legal position in a case involving transgender rights. The department is no longer asking a judge to limit an injunction restricting the federal government from telling schools that students should be able to use bathrooms and locker rooms corresponding to their gender identity.
Transgender rights were a focus of the department under former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who sued the state of North Carolina over a bathroom bill that the government said discriminated against transgender people. Such a move would be improbable in an administration like Trump's, which has already signaled its deference to states' rights.
It's unclear exactly what priorities Sessions will pursue when it comes to the civil rights division. The Justice Department declined to comment on their plans for enforcement of religious freedom. They have faced intense criticism of their record on civil rights with regard to race.
A renewed focus on religious causes would be “especially troubling in light of the fact that increasing numbers of Americans are not religious,” said Marci Hamilton, a Yeshiva University legal expert on religious liberty. “This landscape is radically different.”
But it would help satisfy Trump's campaign promise to their Christian political base. While the appointment of Sessions is a promise fulfilled, some religious conservatives remain concerned that Trump won't deliver. When they were Indiana's governor, Vice President Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law but softened it after criticism that it was discriminatory, a move that disappointed some conservatives.
Trump still has not signed an executive order to boost protections for those with religious objections to gay marriage and create a working group within the Justice Department to protect “the religious freedom of persons and religious organizations.”
Groups ranging from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Sasser's First Liberty Institute have launched campaigns urging Trump to enact broad protections for religious objectors to laws such as gay marriage and abortion.
Their civil rights division could bear a close resemblance to that of the Bush administration, which took a keen interest in matters of religious freedom. It touted its work on human trafficking, an issue of importance to religious conservatives, as a counter to claims that it was weak on civil rights enforcement. Such trafficking cases could again dominate the civil rights division's criminal caseload, while prosecutions of police officers for rights violations, for example, might move to the back burner, said William Yeomans, who spent 24 years as a lawyer in the civil rights division during Democratic and Republican administrations.
The department could insert itself in federal lawsuits on behalf of faith-based groups, among other actions. It could aggressively enforce the provision of the Civil Rights Act that bans workplace bias based on religion, and also a law designed to let churches and other religious institutions skirt zoning restrictions, which the Obama administration used to sue several cities that refused to allow the construction of mosques.
Said Mat Staver, founder and chairperson of Liberty Counsel: “You're going to see a big effort to protect religious freedom. It's a welcome change.”
Comments
comments
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 South W L T Pct PF PA Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 North W L T Pct PF PA y-Pittsburgh 11 2 0 .846 320 251 Baltimore 7 6 0 .538 318 246 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA y-Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314
y-clinched division
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Pittsburgh 39, Baltimore 38
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The tiny house movement is a global one of downsizing counters the natural trajectory of building larger and larger homes. There's a great series on the US-based A+E Network called Tiny House Nation. This takes you inside the scene, explaining the creative ways people are living in houses smaller than a single room of a McMansion.
Australia has their own version of the TV show on the Lifestyle channel, Tiny House Australia. There are 8 episodes showcase great examples of this movement occurring in Australia. Whether its a focus on efficient living, or a necessity for budget reasons, tiny house living often means living off the grid.
If you have the whole responsibility for providing power to your home, you need to get creative and a newer approach is to leverage solar panels on the limited roof space, store the power and potentially recharge you're a electric car.
The only company on the planet that offers a complete end-to-end solution is Tesla. While they don't currently offer solar panels in Australia (they will), they're putting on a showcase of their technology using a Tiny House on a trailer. The roof has a a 2kW, 6 panel system that feeds power to the home, with the excess stored in a Powerwall battery hanging on the side, for use at night, or when the sun isn't shining. If you decide to get mobile, you can tow the whole thing after having recharged your Model X from the Powerwall, which all adds up to one hell of an example of what's possible.
There's no doubt the purchase price is steep, so this move would likely be one of a lifestyle choice in Australia, or someone with a postcode in Sydney who's given up on saving a deposit for a $2 million postage stamp of an apartment.
On the 15th of August (tomorrow), Federation Square in Melbourne will play host to said home on a trailer. The general public will get to step inside and explore the tiny house powered by 100% renewable energy.
There'll be Tesla energy experts on hand to discuss how Powerwall and solar (currently provided by a partner) can seamlessly integrate to power an entire home 24/7, protect your home from a grid outage, and reduce your energy bills.
You will need to register, as there's really not a lot of space inside the tiny home, to attend. Melbourne is actually the first of a few stops on the Tiny House Tour around Australia.
Destinations
Melbourne, VIC – Aug 14 – 15
Melbourne, VIC – Aug 17 – 20
Randwick, NSW Sept 3
Brisbane, QLD – Sept 8 – 10
Adelaide, SA – Sept 20 – Oct 2
Lane Cove, NSW – Oct 8
Sydney, NSW – Oct 27 – 29
For more information, head to tesla.com/en_AU/event/teslatinyhouse/.
Known for their sleek, sophisticated American glamour, Norman Norell will be the subject of an upcoming exhibition, “Norell: Dean of American Fashion” at The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology from Feb. 9 though April 14.
The designer died in 1972 at the age of 72.
Approximately 100 Norell ensembles and accessories from the Museum of FIT's permanent collection, as well as objects borrowed from the private collection of Kenneth Pool, will be displayed. The exhibition is organized by Patricia Mears, the Museum of FIT's deputy director, and designer Jeffrey Banks, guest curator. The looks range from daytime suits and jersey separates to men's wear-inspired outerwear to Norell's hallmark “mermaid” dresses.
Many examples of Norell's day and eveningwear will be on view. The garments and accessories are organized thematically to illustrate Norell's range. Although some of the objects date back to the early Thirties, most of the items on display were designed during the last 12 years of Norell's career, from 1960 to 1972, considered their most innovative period.
The centerpiece of the exhibition features Norell's eveningwear, which was known for its clean lines and comfort. Some of their designs had dramatically plunging necklines and were embellished with sable trim or jeweled buttons. Their work is best exemplified by their glittering “mermaid” gowns frosted with thousands of hand-sewn sequins. The base of these form-fitting evening gowns was knitted jersey.
Their designs attracted an A-list clientele that included Lauren Bacall, Babe Paley, Jacqueline Kennedy, Lena Horne, Dinah Shore, Marilyn Monroe and Lady Bird Johnson.
Norell was born Norman David Levinson in Noblesville, Ind., on April 20, 1900. The son of a haberdasher father and fashion-obsessed mother, they moved to New York to study illustration at Parsons School of Design in 1919. The following year they transferred to Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, where they studied fashion design from 1920 to 1922. It was there that they renamed themselves Norman Norell.
Throughout their career, Norell won numerous industry accolades including the Neiman Marcus Award for Distinguished Service in the Field of Fashion in 1942; Coty American Fashion Critics' awards in 1943, 1951, 1956, 1958 and 1966, and Parsons medal for distinguished achievement in 1956. In 1965, they were elected the second president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America.
Norell was the subject of a retrospective organized at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1972, but was unable to attend the gala dinner in their honor because they had suffered a stroke the day before, and died 10 days after the opening.
The Museum at FIT exhibition is accompanied by a book entitled, “Norell: Master of American Fashion,” written by Banks and Doria de La Chapelle. It is published by Rizzoli.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — The Alabama Republican Party warned voters away from one of its candidates for a utility-regulating agency Wednesday in a statement that cited their “egregious” comments on social media and radio.
State GOP chair Terry Lathan said the party's candidate committee had voted unanimously to censure Public Service Commission candidate Jim Bonner, who has twice served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention and bills themselves as an ardent supporter of President Donald Trump.
Bonner, 65, is a former community college teacher from Phil Campbell whose Facebook page includes posts that could be offensive to women, blacks and Muslims.
Lathan said Bonner's comments “are not condoned by the Alabama Republican Party,” and the party is asking people not to vote for him.
“Mr. Bonner is welcome to their opinions and their first amendment right of free speech. The Alabama Republican Party is welcome to our opinion as well, and we reject the egregious comments Mr. Bonner continues to spew,” said the statement by Lathan.
Bonner, who is trying to unseat Public Service Commission member Jeremy Oden in Tuesday's primary, said they are drawing opposition within their own party for suggesting that the commission increase regulation on the politically powerful Alabama Power Co.
“I'm a good old boy. I'm Mayberry RFD. I'm Andy Griffith. Well, maybe Andy Griffith with a foul mouth,” Bonner said in a telephone interview.
Bonner, who previously ran for the state school board, denied making any comments that are purposefully hurtful; critics are judging them on snippets of comments or social media posts taken out of context, they said.
In one recent post, Bonner shared a photo of an orangutan wearing leaves like a hat with the comment, “Getting ready for the royal wedding.” Critics took the post as an offensive comment aimed at the mixed-race background of Meghan Markle, but Bonner denied any such intention.
“People jump up and say racist and sexist and misogynistic, or whatever that word is, and it's not,” Bonner said in a telephone interview.
While Bonner said they have raised only $1,000 and campaigns mainly by free social media and radio appearances, the Montgomery-based political consulting firm Cyngal said a recent survey showed Bonner in a tight race with the incumbent Oden among decided voters, although nearly 70 percent of voters are undecided.
Brent Buchanan, president of Cyngal, said Bonner might be benefiting from their last name. Jo Bonner used to represent southwest Alabama in Congress, and their sister Judy Bonner is the retired president of the University of Alabama.
“It appears from the data that this PSC race is within the margin of error strictly because of name confusion,” Buchanan said in a statement.
Comments
comments
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
1:56 Clemson WR Mike Williams on USC defenders: 'I don't even know their names'
1:42 Pendleton native Michael Hill explains why they chose Ohio State over Clemson
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
When Tom Brady plays their eighth Super Bowl on Sunday, he'll have the support of their extended family.
The 40-year-old New England Patriots quarterback shared a heartwarming family photo to Instagram on Saturday, the day before he'll square off against the Philadelphia Eagles in Sunday's Super Bowl LII.
“Family and Football,” they captioned the photo, which showed them smiling and posing with their large extended family that included wife Gisele Bündchen, sons John “Jack” Edward Thomas, 10, Benjamin Rein, 8, and daughter Vivian Lake, 5.
They added a heart emoji and the hashtag, “#gopats.”
Tom Brady and family Tom Brady/Instagram
RELATED: Gisele Bündchen & Tom Brady's Adorable Family Photo Album
Bündchen may be by Brady's side, but last spring, the 37-year-old supermodel tried to get retired kicker and family friend Jay Feely to convince their husband to retire.
“She was dead serious,” Feely told Sports Illustrated. Feely said they looked at their friend and told him, “Play as long as you can.” Brady smiled back and winked.
It has been no secret that Bündchen has wanted Brady to retire. After last year's Super Bowl victory over the Falcons, Brady told ESPN they have no plans to retire any time soon, explaining on Monday they want to play until he's 45.
“If it was up to my wife, they would have me retire today,” they said on Jim Miller's Sirius XM show in February. “She told me that last night… three times!”
RELATED VIDEO: 5 Times Gisele Bündchen Proved She's Tom Brady's Biggest Fan During Super Bowl
In May, Bündchen was asked whether they were trying to get Brady to retire on CBS This Morning and revealed Brady had suffered multiple concussions including one last season.
“I just have to say, as a wife, I'm a little bit — as you know, it's not the most, let's say ‘unaggressive' sport, right?” Bündchen said, when asked if they were trying to get Brady to retire. “Football, like they had a concussion last year. I mean, they have concussions pretty much every year — we don't talk about it, but they do have concussions.”
“I don't really think it's a healthy thing for your body to go through that kind of aggression all the time,” they added. “That cannot be healthy for you, right? I mean, I'm planning on having them be healthy and do a lot of fun things when we're like 100, I hope!”
Tom Brady celebrates their Super Bowl 2017 win with wife Gisele Bündchen and daughter Vivian Brady Kevin C. Cox/Getty
According to the NFL, neither Brady nor the Patriots have ever reported any injuries. They found no evidence of a concussion after reviewing all reports from “unaffiliated neurotrauma consultants and certified athletic trainer spotters who worked at Patriots' home and away 2016 season games as well as club injury reports that were sent to the league office.”
Super Bowl LII will be played Sunday at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and will air live on NBC.
QUEENSLAND, Australia – Good boy, Max!
A 17-year-old blue heeler in Queensland, Australia is being hailed a hero after staying by the side of a 3-year-old girl who had been missing for more than 15 hours in the wilderness, according to ABC.net.au.
Aurora went missing around 3 p.m. Friday. After several hours without luck, the search party decided to stop for the night.
“It was really disheartening when everybody left,” said Leisa Bennett, Aurora's grandmother. “We were standing in the darkness knowing a 3-year-old was out in the cold. It wasn't a situation where we could go home and sleep in our warm blankets knowing they were out here.”
They continued looking Saturday morning, but the rugged terrain was difficult to navigate.
“The area around the house is quite mountainous and is very inhospitable terrain to go walking in, so she'd travelled quite a distance with their dog that was quite loyal to her,” State Emergency Services Area Controller Ian Phipps told ABC.
Then, around 8:00 a.m., Bennett heard the little girl's voice from the top of the mountain and found Max. They were roughly 1.2 miles from the house.
“When I heard them yell ‘Granby' I knew it was her,” Bennett said. “I shot up the mountain, and when I got to the top, the dog came to me and led me straight to them They never left their sight. They smelled of dog. They slept with the dog.”
Now, the pup is being called a hero and has been named an honorary police dog.
“The child had been out in the elements all night with the only company of an elderly, blind, half-deaf dog,” said Queensland Police Inspector Craig Berry. “It was quite an amazing event, and a fantastic outcome.”
COLUMBUS — Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine and members of the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force announced today (March 19) the indictment of an individual accused of trafficking three victims in the Columbus area.
The Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force, which is part of Ohio Attorney General DeWine's Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission, began investigating the case in 2017 after receiving a tip from Franklin County Sheriff Deputy Jeremy Copas who recognized several indicators of sex trafficking.
The investigation found that the suspect allegedly advertised their victims online for commercial sex and child pornography. The victims included a woman from Columbus, a woman from Georgia, and a juvenile victim from Youngstown.
“This case highlights the importance of knowing the warning signs of human trafficking, and reporting any suspicious situations,” said Attorney General DeWine. “I'm pleased that we are able to help these victims and prevent this suspect from continuing to harm others.”
Antwan D. Williams, Sr., 28, Canal Winchester, was indicted on the following charges:
Trafficking in persons – commercial sex acts, a felony of the first degree
Pandering sexually-oriented matter involving a minor, a felony of the second degree
Pandering sexually-oriented matter involving a minor, a felony of the fourth degree
Compelling prostitution, a felony of the third degree
Promoting prostitution, a felony of the third degree
Promoting prostitution, two counts, felonies of the fourth degree
“Many law enforcement officers in our community come across important links to human trafficking cases throughout their daily activities. It is excellent police work such as the information Deputy Copas passed to our Task Force, that lead to the rescue of [3] human trafficking victims,” said Sergeant Mark Rapp, the Director of the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force.
The case is being prosecuted by the office of Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O'Brien.
The Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is a coalition of local, county, state and federal agencies including the Columbus Division of Police, Franklin County Sheriff's Office, U.S. Department of Homeland Security Investigations, Delaware County Sheriff's Office, Powell Police Department, Ohio State Highway Patrol, Franklin County Prosecutor's Office and the Delaware County Prosecutor's Office. The task force works in cooperation with the Salvation Army of Central Ohio, which provides assistance to human trafficking victims.
Established in 1986, the Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission assists local law enforcement agencies in combating organized crime and corrupt activities through the creation of multi-jurisdictional task forces. The commission is composed of members of the law enforcement community and is chaired by the Ohio Attorney General.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_human-trafficking-banner.jpg
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
(Isaac Brekken | The Associated Press) In this Dec. 7, 2007 file photo, Ralphie May arrives at the Spike TV Video Game Awards at Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino, in Las Vegas. A spokesperson for May says the comedian has died at age 45. In a statement Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, publicist Stacey Pokluda said May died of cardiac arrest. They said they had been fighting pneumonia, which caused them to cancel a few appearances in the past month.
Aspiring potash producer Trigg Mining has been forced to postpone its initial public offering after failing to raise the minimum $4 million from investors.
The company attributed the deferral to “recent weakness in equity markets” but said it would revisit plans for an ASX listing when conditions improved.
Trigg said it would continue to progress its sulphate of potash exploration projects at Laverton Links and Lake Throssell in the Goldfields in the interim.
Managing director Keren Paterson said while it was disappointing to have to defer the IPO and ASX listing, the company's belief in the fundamental value and potential of its projects had not changed.
CLEVELAND — Andrew Miller can start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in their right knee.
Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in their knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity."
While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that they don't need surgery and can resume throwing is great news for the Indians.
Other than Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber, Miller is the most important pitcher on the club's staff, and if the Indians are going to make a run at a World Series title they'll need the 33-year-old healthy.
Miller was vital to the Indians winning the 2016 pennant as manager Terry Francona rode them hard during the post-season.
On Tuesday, Indians team president Chris Antonetti said surgery was not being discussed for Miller, who is only signed through this season.
One of baseball's most dominant late-inning relievers, Miller hasn't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11. They opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting their left hamstring.
 They are 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
Francona said getting a second opinion was important for the team and Miller.
"I think a lot of this is to give guys peace of mind," they said. "Not that it doesn't hurt. We know what's there, but even they said, 'If I know this is what it is and I have to deal with it, I can.' So, there are multiple reasons why you do it. But one is also for peace of mind, sure."
The founder of the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery talks about how Weight Loss SurgeryCan Help Combat Obesity
Plano, Texas – March 3, 2018- America's battle with obesity has never been this bad. According to a report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2017 about 40 percent of adults and 20 percent of adolescents are obese in America. These statistics are not just astonishing but also very alarming because obesity is the second largest cause of preventable death in America, after smoking.
“Many people give up and end up acceptingthe extra weight as their fate, but that's not for the lack of them trying.” explains Dr. Nick Nicholson, founder and lead surgeon at the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery.“At Nicholson Clinic,our experts will help narrow down the reasons for obesity and discuss the best weight loss surgery options that will work for each person.”
With weight loss surgeries, there is no one size fits all situation. The experts at the clinic believe in finding the right solution for every individual. They do so by closely examining each individual casetodetermine what that patient requires. Instead of pushing conventional solutions for the problem, Dr. Nick and their team of surgeons, nurses and other experienced clinicians believe that the patients will have a better chance at success if they understand all the options that are available to them and what is required to achieve successful weight loss for the long term. The clinic offers many types of bariatric surgeries including LAP-BAND®, Gastric Bypass and Gastric Sleeve, and non-surgical alternatives such as the Gastric Balloon. Nicholson Clinic's goal is to help their patients live a better life throughouttheir weight loss journey.
“We want our patients to succeed and that means making a commitment to them before, during and after their surgery. We provide our patients with access to nutritionists, support groups, and other professionals who can help them really live a new, longer, healthier, and happier life.”says Dr. Nicholson.
The Nicholson Clinic specializes in putting people on the path to weight loss success. To learn more about the Nicholson Clinic, its locations and the weight loss services it provides, visit it online at www.nicholsonclinic.com.
About Nicholson Clinic
Founded by Dr. Nick Nicholson, one of the country's leading weight loss surgeons and co-author of “Weight Loss Surgery: The Real Skinny,” the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery offers a variety of options to help patients gain control of their weight and their lives.
MILWAUKEE — Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been put on the 10-day disabled list by the Milwaukee Brewers, who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday's game against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Saladino jammed their ankle into second base as they took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night. Saladino had to be helped off the field.
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games. Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before they were sent down on May 25.
___
The trailer features Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik's song 'I Don't Wanna Live Forever'
MANILA, Philippines – A new TV spot for the movie Fifty Shades Darker was released online on Saturday, December 31.
The TV spot features new footage that were not part of the first trailers released. In one scene, Anastasia (Dakota Johnson) sees a woman from afar and asks Christian (Jamie Dornan), "Do you know that girl, Christian?"
The TV spot also features the song "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" performed by Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik in the background. ( LISTEN: Taylor Swift, Zayn Malik collaborate on 'Fifty Shades Darker' song)
Fifty Shades Darker is scheduled to hit cinemas on Ferbruary 2017. – Rappler.com
DOTHAN, Ala. (AP) – One Alabama city has committed $25,000 toward a project aimed at helping its citizens get fit.
Dothan city commissioners approved the money for a planned fitness court of 1,400 square feet (130 sq. meters) at the city's Westgate Park.
The Dothan Eagle reports the project is budgeted to cost $90,000. The city got a $10,000 grant after being selected this year as a National Fitness Campaign City. Local partners have pledged an additional $35,000.
The court will include 30 individual pieces of equipment and a shock-resistant sports floor. Stations for core exercises, squats, pulls and other movements will have room for 28 people to use the court at once.
City officials plan an accompanying phone app to help guide people through workouts at the court.
President Trump vowing to get serious when it comes to the Opioid crisis. They outlined their new plan during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire Monday afternoon.
"We will defeat this crisis,” said Trump. “We will protect our beautiful children and we will ensure that tomorrow is better, brighter, stronger and greater than ever before."
The President calling for the death penalty to be an option for high volume drug dealers.
"They will kill thousands of people during our lifetime and they'll get caught and they'll get 30 days in jail, or they'll go away for a year, or they'll be fined. And, yet if you kill one person you get the death penalty or you go away for life,” said Trump.
As part of their new plan, the President saying they want to expand prevention efforts. That includes increased federal funding for the development of non-addictive painkillers, tackling the problem of over prescribing and boosting education through among other things more informative public service announcements.
President Trump also calling for reducing the supply of illicit drugs renewing their push to cut funding for sanctuary cities... and echoing calls for a border wall.
"90 percent of the heroin in America comes from our Southern border where eventually the Democrats will agree with us and will build the wall to keep the damn drugs out,” said Trump.
The President also touching on the importance of the availability of overdose reversal drugs like narcan.
Monday was the President's first visit to New Hampshire since taking office.
They were met with a slew of protesters.
(C) WLNE 2018
A A
Clark County — Clark County Parks and the city of Vancouver are seeking youth ages 14 to 19 to participate in Vancouver VolunTEEN, a program that will offer teenagers an opportunity to work on volunteer projects after school.
The program will include two-hour work parties from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. the second, third and fourth Thursdays of the month. Activities will include removal of invasive plants, trail maintenance and community center cleanup. The program begins in September and runs through November, with a break in December and January. The program picks up again in February and runs through May.
The next volunteer event will be 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. Thursday at the 78th Street Heritage Farm, 1919 N.E. 78th St. Please meet in the farm's main parking lot. All events take place rain or shine.
Volunteers should wear long pants, closed-toe shoes and weather-appropriate clothing. Tools, gloves and light refreshments will be provided.
To find find out more about the program, including a list of projects, visit, www.clark.wa.gov/public-works/youth-projects.
Youths younger than 18 must provide a signed minor consent form, which is available at www.clark.wa.gov/public-works/youth-projects.
To register for a VolunTEEN event, go to www.emailmeform.com/builder/form/IdB1t17zclU or call 360.397.6118 ext. 1627.
POTOMAC, Md. (AP) - Authorities say a teenager who deliberately jumped into the swift-flowing Potomac River near the nation's capital has been rescued after a near-drowning in treacherous currents.
Montgomery County Fire and Rescue spokesperson Pete Piringer told news outlets the Virginia teen entered the water Sunday near Great Falls National Park in Maryland and was carried about a mile (1.6 kilometers) downstream, at times dragged under.
The spokesperson says a Swift Water Rescue team found the teen clinging to rocks and in distress on the Virginia side of the river. The teen was hospitalized in serious condition, but Piringer says the injuries aren't life-threatening.
They say the teen is "very lucky that they survived" in deceptively strong, cold currents where many have drowned in past years.
Swimming is prohibited in the area.
LONDON — Europe's major markets were uneven in mid-morning trading on Friday, while retail and luxury stocks were mostly down.The FTSE MIB in Milan fell 0.8 percent to 22,380.71, followed by the CAC 40 in Paris, 0.2 percent to 5,370.67. The FTSE 100 in London and the DAX in Frankfurt were both up 0.1 percent to 7,517.20 and to 12,976.13 respectively.The euro traded at $1.17, while the pound fetched $1.32, and the Swiss franc equaled $1.02 at 11:40 a.m. CET.Retail and luxury stocks were mostly down. The few stocks that gained ground included Debenhams, 1.6 percent to 0.47 pounds and Mulberry Group, 0.6 percent to 10.75 pounds.Among the morning's biggest fallers were Brunello Cucinelli, 2.3 percent to 26.35 euros; Geox, 2.5 percent to 3.47 euros; Safilo Group, 1.5 percent to 5.57 euros; Koovs.com, 1.9 percent to 0.26 pounds, and The Swatch Group, 1.6 percent to 76.45 Swiss francs.
ASHVILLE, N.C. — Heavy rains and a landslide in the western North Carolina mountains “compromised the integrity” of a dam and triggered urgent calls for mandatory evacuations.
The National Weather Service cited reports early Wednesday from McDowell County emergency management officials that “water is spilling around the sides of Lake Tahoma dam. Evacuations ongoing south of the dam.”
Emergency officials say the dam is “at risk of imminent failure” and the weather service extended a flash flood warning for central McDowell County until 12:30 p.m. EDT.
“This is a life-threatening situation. Heed all evacuation orders immediately! If you are not threatened by floodwaters, shelter in place.”
Richelle Bailey, spokesperson for McDowell County's emergency management department, said state engineers were examining the dam on Wednesday morning. They said about 2,000 people live in the evacuation area and there are about 200 people in shelters.
A statement posted at 7:15 a.m. Wednesday on the McDowell County 911/Emergency Management Facebook page urged patience as workers inspect the structure in the morning hours.
“We understand people are getting anxious concerning the length of the evacuation order. Please be patient as personnel are working as quickly as possible to determine whether the incident at Lake Tahoma has stabilized,” the statement said
“These inspections must be done during daylight hours. We will update everyone as soon as possible. Once again please be patient. Hundreds of emergency personnel have worked through the night conducting evacuations and swift water rescues. They continue to respond to calls for service related to this storm.”
Bailey said that William Kehler, the county's emergency services director, was to return home on Wednesday after serving on a team deployed to Hawaii to help emergency workers deal with the volcano there.
Landslides, evacuations, flooding
Alberto, the deadly subtropical depression drenching the Southeast, pounded the rugged mountains in North Carolina, spawning the landslides, evacuations and flash flooding.
The National Weather Service warned residents to stay off the roads as the increased threat for landslides and debris flows continues through Wednesday night.
“We have issued a flash flood emergency for McDowell County in NC,” the service tweeted. “Flash flooding, landslides and rapid rises on waterways are an immediate threat to life and property. Do not attempt to drive unless you are fleeing flood waters.
In Rutherford County, the Town of Lake Lure and Chimney Rock Village declared a state of emergency as the Rocky Broad River surpassed seven and a half feet, officials said on the town's Facebook page.
They said the Hickory Nut Falls Campground and the Rivercreek Campground have been evacuated.
“The Town has had to repeatedly open the floodgates just to balance the continually rising river levels from the Upper Hickory Nut Gorge,” the town said. “Residents living along the river and in other low-lying areas or areas prone to landslides are urged to take higher ground immediately.”
There is also a flash flood emergency in Marion County, NC, about 20 miles west of Asheville, with 4 to 6 inches of rain fallen, CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen reported. Life-threatening flash flooding is being reported along the Catawba River and its tributaries there.
Emergency responders also were conducting several water rescues through McDowell County but no injuries or fatalities were reported, the agency said.
Alberto had weakened to a subtropical depression Monday but millions of people in parts of Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Kentucky were still under flash flood watches for much of Tuesday.
Heavy rainfall drenched parts of northern Georgia, the western Carolinas and Tennessee on Tuesday, increasing the threat of flash flooding in those areas, the National Weather Service said.
After moving into the Tennessee Valley, the system is forecast to head into the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes region Wednesday and Thursday, according to the National Hurricane Center.
Florida, Mississippi and Alabama — the three states bearing the brunt of the storm — declared emergencies ahead of Alberto.
On Monday, two journalists from South Carolina-based CNN affiliate WYFF were killed in Polk County, North Carolina. A tree fell on their SUV as they covered the hazardous weather, the station said.
Alberto made landfall Monday afternoon as a subtropical storm in the Florida Panhandle, reaching maximum sustained winds of 45 mph as it arrived in Laguna Beach, according to the hurricane center.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
Here's the word on the street: Nick Jonas and Quantico actor Priyanka Chopra are dating.
They haven't confirmed it, obviously, but if it's true, it's one of the most unexpected pairings of 2018.
A source told Us Weekly, "They are dating and it's brand new. It's a good match and they are both interested in each other.”
So what evidence do we have of this new hot couple?
Jonas and Chopra spent Memorial Day weekend together with some friends on a yacht!
On May 25, they were spotted attending the Beauty and the Beast Live concert at the Hollywood Bowl in LA.
“They walked in together just before the performance was starting, they looked great together, but no hand-holding or obvious PDA,” an eyewitness revealed.
“The two were seen heading to the concessions stand during intermission before returning to their seats to finish taking in the show. They snuck out right as the show was ending.”
Then on Saturday, they were spotted at a Los Angeles Dodgers game!
“Priyanka and Nick were talking really closely and were very smiley and very happy,” an onlooker revealed. “They weren't trying to be private as they were in a pretty public place, but they were talking to people around them, sitting closely and they both just seemed super happy.”
These rumors aren't exactly new though. They began swirling back in 2017 when the two posed for pictures together at the Met Gala. When Jimmy Kimmel interrogated them about it on their live show, they couldn't help but blush.
Chopra has always been very mum about their relationships and it seems they want to keep this one under the radar. That would explain why they didn't bring them as their plus one to the Royal Wedding even though they told did tease about possibly bringing a date.
Jonas, on the other hand, has had a few high-profile flings mainly with older women like Kate Hudson. There is a ten-year age gap between them and Chopra.
MILAN — Italy's eyewear industry is relying on exports to the U.S. and Europe, despite ongoing political uncertainties, terrorist attacks, Brexit and restrictive currency strategies, to balance a lackluster domestic performance in a country weighed down by unemployment and lack of investment.ANFAO, Italy's eyewear industry association, reported a 3.6 percent growth in value in the sector's exports in the January to June period this year. This was considered "normal," compared with the three previous years, which posted a double-digit growth rate in exports, setting historical records. Frames in the period registered a 4.3 percent increase in value, while sunglasses were up 3.2 percent.The performance in the first half was expected, said Giovanni Vitaloni, president of ANFAO. “Paradoxically in a general economic moment that seems to have definitely overcome the crisis, eyewear grows less than other sectors. In reality, this can be explained by the fact that we have reacted better and earlier to the crisis. We have positive years behind us, with really important, double-digit growth rates in exports that are now clearly more difficult to sustain.”Geographically, exports in the first half performed well in America, recording an 8.8 percent rise, and in Europe, where they climbed 4.2 percent. Together, America and Europe account for more than 80 percent of the sector's exports. The U.S. is a reference market for the sector, accounting for 25 percent of the total. Sales of sun and prescription glasses together grew 7.1 percent in the U.S., while frames were up 18.6 percent. Sunglasses alone were up 3.2 percent in the region.In Europe, exports were stable in France, edging down 0.5 percent, with a 3.4 percent increase in sunglasses and a 6.2 percent decrease in frames. Sales in the U.K. were down 4.5 percent. In particular, sunglasses were down 3.4 percent and frames decreased 7.3 percent. The association took into consideration the Brexit effect, which is seen as possibly contributing to the instability.Sales to Germany rose 3 percent; Spain was up 3.1 percent; the Netherlands was up 8.3 percent; Portugal was up 21 percent, and Belgium was up 6.4 percent.Conversely, exports to Asia decreased 5.7 percent.ANFAO said Eastern Europe offers growth potential. Exports to Poland grew 20.1 percent and were up 18.2 percent in Croatia.Vitaloni said past events, including the elections in Germany and the referendum in Catalonia, which will "surely contribute to the instability and uncertainty in Old Europe, the vivaciousness of exports in European countries different from the traditional ones surely give hope." While these are countries that weigh little in the sector, "they prove in fact that there are still areas of growth with potential to explore.”He also said exports have strong potential in emerging countries, which are still not significant in terms of value, "but in the first half there have been some timid signs of recovery in some countries such as China," which was up 35.6 percent; Brazil, up 6.6 percent, and Russia, up 37.1 percent. Conversely, South Korea was down 16.8 percent.Italy's market showed a 1 percent increase for both sunglasses, frames and ophthalmic lenses.Separately, Barclays on Friday issued its study on eyewear in the third quarter, when it expects "modest growth.""Eyewear has been disappointing this year. Luxottica has seen weak trading on the back of a number of brand-enhancing but revenue-dampening decisions (such as MAP in the U.S. and reduced promotions in retail), Essilor has been affected by fall-out from the proposed merger with Luxottica and GrandVision saw a more volatile quarterly earnings progression than expected," stated the research. "With FX turning into a headwind and the sector rotation away from staples to discretionary, share prices have been weak. Nonetheless, it remains a sector we like long term due to increasingly predictable demand from a growing and aging population and from emerging market middle class growth. We think Q3 is likely to see a continuation of H1 trends, and we forecast organic growth of 1.5 percent at Luxottica, 5.5 percent at Essilor and 5.1 percent at GrandVision."
From promoting the house, carrying out inspection, collecting rent to taking care of legal needs, a specialised agency does anything to save the time and power of your landlord. Possess a look at the top positive aspects of making use of the letting service agencies to manage your precious property:
Care for all legal specifications and alterations
As a landlord you will discover specific legal requirements that you need to fulfil. The legal requirements regularly alterations, so you have to be effectively conscious with the alterations to adhere to them. A good letting agency or agent knows legal needs improved than you and always guarantees that your home adheres to them. From obtaining a gas certificate to acquiring an power performance certificate (EPC), a professional agent does anything to minimize the burden off your shoulders. Get far more information about houses to let Blackpool
Finding appropriate renter for the property
By far the most critical job of a great letting agency is to aid the owner to seek out a fantastic tenant. For those who have some particular requirements when it comes to tenants like non smokers, students or bachelors, the letting agency will be the very best one to discover you suitable renters for the property. A very good agency meticulously carries out reference checks and background enquiry from the prospective tenants. With an professional agency on board, you can be assured that the tenants will take excellent care of one's house and pay the rent on time.
Requires care of little repairs and upkeep
A great letting agency features a large network of electricians, plumbers, gardeners, and builders and so forth. who can fix challenges speedily and at a affordable price tag. According to your agreement together with the organization, the upkeep charges could be added to the month-to-month letting agency fees. Expert letting agents may also carry out frequent inspections to make sure that the renter is seeking following your home effectively. With a letting agency at your service, there will be no middle on the evening telephone calls out of your renters!
Property is rented rapidly
Having a letting agency at your service, you will be able to attract the interest of prospective tenants additional promptly. The firm can advertise your house to as numerous as potential renters, by way of online websites, regional newspapers, social media and so on. The letting agencies also use social media sites like Facebook to industry your asset. They understand how to click very good photos of one's house and use them properly on websites to attract additional renters.
Having a reputed letting agent at your service, you do not have to worry at all about your home mainly because it is all getting taken care of by the specialists. So, when you've got a property and also you are worried about its managements, now it's time that you just shun off all of your worries and hire skilled and skilled experts to shoulder down the responsibility of all your property managements associated tasks.
Gluten free diets - whether through choice or necessity - can be expensive, with "free from" ranges costing much more than expected.
Now help is at hand with Aldi's new range, which is up to 30% cheaper than some competitors.
The range is now on sale in the special buys section.
Included in the gluten free grub are Indian curry kits (£1.99), gluten free chocolate brownies (£1.59) and quinoa bars (£1.69 for four), the Daily Mirror reports.
There's also a big range of gluten free pastas including 100% organic buckwheat pasta, red lentil penne pasta and green pea fusilli pasta, all £1.69.
Many other supermarkets such as Sainsbury's and Waitrose also boast gluten free ranges of their own, but the prices do seem to vary quite significantly.
For example, Waitrose's red lentil pasta will set you back £1.99 - 15% more expensive that at Aldi, while the Perkier Quinoa bars from Asda cost £1.80 for a box of three - 30% pricier than Aldi's four pack offering.
Tony Baines, Joint Managing Director of Corporate Buying at Aldi UK, said: “Whether it's out of choice, or out of necessity, buying and eating gluten-free foods shouldn't come at an increased cost to families."
"With the ever-changing dietary needs of our customers, it's our ambition to always meet those needs with a full range of products, at unbeatable prices.”
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
Fresh off their 22nd straight victory, Kid Galahad has now issued an open invitation to any of Britain's top featherweights to challenge them in the ring – in front of ITVs cameras.
Kid Galahad, real name Barry Awad, made short work of late replacement Leonel Hernandez on February 4th at London's Olympia, after former world champion Joseph Agbeko pulled out of their proposed clash on the day of the fight claiming an illness.
It continued Kid Galahad's winning streak since they turned pro in 2009 and now the 26-year-old Sheffield fighter is determined to land one of the big fish in the ultra-competitive featherweight division.
“I would take on anyone next and I mean anyone,” said Kid Galahad. “There isn't a featherweight who I wouldn't take apart. I'm so confident I'm challenging them right now to come forward and face me, anywhere they want. I would go to Carl Frampton's backyard in a heartbeat and Lee Selby's and even Scott Quigg's, although I don't think Quigg should be spoken of in the same breath as Selby and Frampton.”
Kid Galahad is convinced with ITV's backing they will land a massive fight very soon.
They said: “I fought on ITV last time and with their considerable backing I'm sure we can make it absolutely huge at the box office. ITV want big fights and the featherweight division is one of the best in boxing right now.”
Kid Galahad says Selby and Frampton belong on a different level to Quigg and was not surprised by the Bury boxer's split decision points loss to the Ulsterman last year in Manchester.
They said: “Whereas Frampton and Selby have both won world titles and bravely defended them abroad, always a tricky thing to do, Quigg has been found very wanting at world level when they have stepped up.
“Quigg didn't throw a punch until about the ninth round against Frampton and you can't win a fight by doing that. They adopted a safety-first approach, despite telling everyone who would listen that they were going to take their head off. They talk the talk but against Frampton they backed off and let their opponent get so far ahead on points that there was no way back.
“Whenever Quigg has stepped up a level they have been found out and I would badly expose him.
“Selby is a deserved world champion who I have a lot of respect for and as a person they are a great lad. I've got to know them really well as we have sparred together a lot and I have a lot of time for Lee, but I am certain I would beat them and Frampton, I'd fight in their Belfast backyard because I'm convinced I'm the better boxer in every department.”
Kid Galahad, who has held the British, commonwealth and European super bantamweight titles, says they were delighted with their first foray into the featherweight division against Hernandez.
They said: “I've won all my fights and at 26 I'm the right age to be moving up to feather because my body has become naturally bigger. With Quigg, Selby or Frampton in the ring with me, I'd beat them all. I'm not disrespectful towards them because they are all obviously very strong professionals, but I'd win. Selby has been a world champion for a couple of years and needs a big fight badly, through no fault of their own. Frampton lost the second one against Leo Santa Cruz and wants to fight next in Belfast. I'm there whenever they want it. As for Quigg, I'd take them on anytime, any place, anywhere.”
Home sweet home. T. S. Eliot wrote “home is where one starts from”. With age, we also know that home is where we want to end.
One of the things we work hardest for throughout our earning life is the security of owning our own home. It's the great Australian dream.
As we age, the dream is slightly reinterpreted, and we want to live out our days in our own home, no matter how modest it is, or whether it is owned or rented.
Many of us have heard a parent say they only want to leave their home “in a pine box”. Interestingly, more West Australians die at home than die at home in any other State. That's a story for another day.
Even the Federal Government wants us to stay at home. Have you heard of the term “ageing in place”?
Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew reveals the post-Budget changes to Aged Care. The West Australian Video Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew reveals the post-Budget changes to Aged Care.
Did you just picture yourself being tucked into your favourite recliner with a knee rug and a cup of tea, resting peacefully with your favourite sport on TV or your favourite music playing, until the day you take your last breath? Well, it's close, but that is not quite what ageing in place means.
Try replacing the term “ageing in place” with “staying at home for as long as you can, to avoid unnecessary burden on our already struggling aged-care system” and you'll get a sense of what it means to the Government.
Ageing in place means being able to live at home as long as you are able. It means staying connected to your local community, to what is familiar and what you cherish.
Connected to memories and people, the neighbours, the garden, the pets. It may also mean accessing aged-care services within your home instead of moving to an aged-care facility.
While we spend much time and effort modifying or decorating our home in our working life, I observe a reluctance to modify it for later life. I have a treasured friend who has a stubborn refusal to remove the floor rugs or tape under the corners to avoid a fall.
Ageing in place means being able to live at home as long as you are able. It means staying connected to your local community, to what is familiar and what you cherish.
Apart from physical function issues, with the possible slowdown in brain performance that may be the early signs of dementia or Mild Cognitive Impairment, there is lots we can and should do around the house to ensure home is an enabler rather than a disabler for your golden years.
A few changes can make your homework with you to maximise the chances you can stay there and function well.
Think about lighting, colour contrasts (people with dementia may lose their depth of vision or recognition of colour), items that automatically detect a fall or contain a panic button to alert family members if you need assistance, pendants, watches and phones that can be worn or carried discreetly and usually include GPS tracking.
About 70 per cent of people living with dementia live at home, and supporting people to remain at home through clever design and assistive technology will be a crucial response to our ageing population.
Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew explains the five-point plan for having a conversation about dementia. The West Australian Video Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew explains the five-point plan for having a conversation about dementia.
Dementia can affect your ability to complete everyday tasks or make it hard to distinguish between items of a similar colour. There are many simple tips and cost-effective items available to assist with this.
It is possible to introduce safety measures into your home while maintaining your dignity and the homeliness you've come to love and feel comfortable within. Visit the Independent Living Centre WA or Alzheimer's WA's resource centre in Shenton Park for advice.
Your home and health are two of the keys to later life. I haven't met anyone who values wealth over health.
You've adapted your home throughout your lifetime for its different stages — created the nursery, added a games room, wallpapered in the 70s and removed it in the 80s, and laid extra parking for teenage children. It may well now be time to consider how you need to adapt your home to improve your chances of ageing at home.
Change your stoic resistance to an embrace of change. You may live in your dream home, but now it's time for your home to help you achieve your dream of ageing in place. Plan your super, plan your holidays, but don't forget to factor in some planning for what you'll need to do in and around your home to ensure you live out your dream for all of your days, at home.
SPACE A RELATIVE THING FOR ENID
Camera Icon Enid Wiseman. Picture: Michael Wilson
Enid Wiseman shares their Bayswater home with their daughter Lisa, dog Max and and their rescue cats Ellie-May and Josie-Joy as they head into their 80s.
So you could be excused for being confused about Enid Wiseman's explanation for their desire to stay in their home as long as is humanely and humanly possible.
“I like my own space,” they said.
But we humans are complex critters. Mrs Wiseman values the familiarity of their home of 56 years and their neighbourhood.
“Most of the neighbours are nice to have around,” they said. “You are used to your own home, own area and your own things.”
They have friends who moved into retirement villages who enjoy the lifestyle, but they find them too busy for them liking.
They like being able to have friends visit whenever they want and to take their turn twice yearly hosting their big “May I” cards group.
DEALING WITH DEMENTIA
Change as little as possible. Familiarity is important for a person with dementia.
Improve general lighting. Install night lights with sensors.
Use contrasting colours to help with visual identification.
Label cupboards and drawers with photos of the items kept inside.
Make life easier with inexpensive equipment such as tilt kettles, irons with 30-second shut off if left, calendar clocks with enlarged display.
Maintain your independence and stay safe. Consider ID bracelets, GPS-enabled devices or personal alarms.
Rhonda Parker is chief executive of Alzheimer's Australia WA
WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumer advocates reported some glitches Monday in the final days for “Obamacare” sign-ups, although the Trump administration largely seemed to be keeping its promise of a smooth enrollment experience.
In Illinois, some consumers who successfully completed an application for financial assistance through HealthCare.gov got a message saying they would likely be eligible to buy a health plan, “but none are available to you in your area.”
That information was incorrect because every county in the nation currently has at least one health insurer offering plans under the Affordable Care Act for next year.
Friday is the last day to enroll for subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
Former President Barack Obama offered encouragement Monday for the closing push, posting on social media and joining a conference call with enrollment counselors.
On the call, Obama accused “Republicans in Washington” of trying to “sabotage” progress made reducing the number of uninsured. The American people “don't want a health care system that's sent into chaos just for partisan reasons,” Obama said, according to a transcript provided by their office.
President Donald Trump came into office looking to dismantle their predecessor's health law, but it survived. Although the administration slashed the ad budget for sign-up season and scaled back grants for enrollment counselors, officials promised the HealthCare.gov website would work seamlessly this year. That promise will be tested in this week's crush.
Stephani Becker of the Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law in Chicago said the glitch in which consumers were told there were no plans was reported by counselors starting late last week, and again Monday. It also surfaced in other states besides Illinois, they said.
Trained counselors know enough about the program to question the accuracy of the message, but “the average consumer might just walk away,” Becker said.
An administration official said the issue has been resolved, and HealthCare.gov is reaching out to the consumers affected to encourage them to complete their applications. However, Becker said advocates had gotten a similar response from the administration last week, and the problem continued.
For millions of consumers eligible to enroll time runs out on Dec. 15. Thursday and Friday are expected to be the heaviest days.
That could slow the HealthCare.gov website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For most people, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan.
One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such Florida, Texas, and Georgia.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones “bronze” plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Deadline hour for enrollment will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Example:
— “FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage.”
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application, but were unable to finish by the deadline. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
“It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year,” Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case everywhere. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
“Last week, we reported on the autonomous-driving partnership between Apple Inc. and Volkswagen,” Bret Kenwell writes for TheStreet. “Despite being two of the largest companies in their respective industries, the current partnership is rather dismissable. As it stands, Volkswagen is producing T6 Transporter vans, which Apple is using to retrofit with its self-driving sensors and software.”
“It's not for commercial development or consumer use — at least not yet. It will be used to transport Apple employees between its headquarters,” Kenwell writes. “Even that project is unlikely to be finished this year, according to sources.”
“Of course, it's very early in the autonomous driving race. But that doesn't mean Apple should let its competition get too far ahead of it. After all, at some point they may not be able to catch up. Short of acquiring an automaker or big-tech company already making inroads, though, what should Apple do?” Kenwell writes. “The company has the financial firepower to be a leader in the area, practically overnight if it were that committed. Instead, maybe it should focus on the inside of the car. After all, Apple is used to controlling the customer experience, right?”
Read more in the full article here.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
CBS Local — According to a new study out of Germany, parents might want to let their kids finish their video game before they start their homework. Researchers at Ruhr-University Bochum say that video games are actually helping students to learn faster and increase brain activity.
“Our study shows that gamers are better in analyzing a situation quickly, to generate new knowledge and to categorize facts – especially in situations with high uncertainties,” lead author Sabrina Schenk said in the university's press release.
The neuropsychologists added that gamers are helping to train regions of the brain that are focused on learning and memory.
The study reportedly pitted two groups of children against each other in a learning competition that was focused on trying to predict the weather. Seventeen students who played video games at least 15 hours a week faced off against 17 kids who rarely play video games. The researchers found that the gamers were much better at understanding multiple factors to make the right predictions.
The children were then given an MRI, which revealed that the video game players showed more activity in the hippocampus; one of the brain's memory centers.
“Changes in the hippocampus can lead to a decrease in memory performance,” Schenk said. “Maybe we can treat that with video games in the future.”
The new results are challenging other recent studies that found that playing video games can be helpful, but only in small amounts. A 2014 study from Oxford University found that less than an hour of video game playing a day was helpful in improving a child's emotional balance.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) on Monday afternoon called on President Donald Trump to resign as accusations of sexual misconduct against the President have seen renewed scrutiny.
“President Trump should resign. These allegations are credible; they are numerous. I've heard these women's testimony, and many of them are heartbreaking,” Gillibrand said on CNN.
Gillibrand said that it's unclear whether Trump will ever hold themselves accountable, and so if they do not “immediately” resign, Congress should investigate the allegations made about their behavior.
The senator's comments came the same day that several of Trump's accusers held a press conference to reiterate that Trump groped or harassed them and to call on Congress to investigate the allegations about the President's conduct before taking office. Several other Democratic senators recently suggested that Trump resign after placing pressure on Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) to resign over sexual misconduct claims.
They followed the men to downtown Toronto and were met by city police.
Around 3:30 p.m., one of the suspects was arrested after they walked out of a condominium and a subsequent search revealed a baggy with loose ammunition.
Partridge was there with their police dog, Lex, to help if needed. Officers spotted two other suspects, who bolted with police following, court heard.
One officer ran after one of the suspects who eventually stopped running and lay face down in an alley. Partridge and their dog were well behind in the chase.
The suspect, Median Jackson, is seen in surveillance video lying on the ground for about two minutes as an officer stands nearby waiting for someone to arrive with handcuffs, court heard.
Partridge did not know the suspect was on the ground obeying the officer's orders when they yelled out ``Police, K9, you're under arrest, come out,'' court heard.
Almost immediately, Partridge released the dog before they knew Jackson's whereabouts. The dog bit down on Jackson's arm and began thrashing its head back and forth, video evidence showed.
"He was too hasty in siccing the dog on the suspect,'' the judge said.
Court heard Wednesday that it was the first time Partridge had released their dog during their nine months in the K9 unit.
"Clearly this incident indicates a need for more thorough and intensive training in the use of police dogs in such circumstances as well as in the procedures that officers should resort to when pursuing and apprehending suspects resisting arrest,'' Brownstone said.
"It is hoped all police officers can learn from this incident in order to prevent recurrence.''
York police did not agree with the judge.
"In our respectful opinion, Const. Partridge engaged in a course of conduct that was contrary to the training they received as a member of York Regional Police,'' Chief Eric Jolliffe said in a statement.
Toronto police opened an investigation into the arrest and eventually laid the charges late last year.
Police charged Jackson with one count of break and enter and breach of probation, but both were later dropped due to Partridge's actions.
Partridge still faces three allegations of misconduct under the Police Services Act and remains suspended with pay until the case is heard.
The judge ordered Partridge 12 months probation and to participate in training programs. They will not have a criminal record.
Outside court, Partridge's lawyer, William MacKenzie, said their client feels bad about the incident, but wants to return to the force and continue their career.
"With the benefit of hindsight, it was unnecessary, but certainly in the circumstances it was, from my perspective, understandable,'' they said.
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. An earlier version carried incorrect attribution for a quote from the chief of York regional police.
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
Friends of Lucas Bermudez worried when they took up motorcycle riding.
With the national rate of motorcycle fatalities 28 times higher than those involving motor vehicles, who could blame them? Especially in Southern California, where motorcycle deaths are so common they only make the news when they cause a major traffic tie-up.
On the night of Memorial Day, Bermudez, 27, rode their motorcycle straight into a big rig truck and was killed on impact.
The Los Angeles County coroner listed their place of death as Mountain Avenue and the 210 Freeway in Monrovia.
“I basically cried for three days straight,” said Nicky Aguilar, 26, roommate and 10-year friend. “I was really mad and I tore up my room.”
Aguilar, a substitute teacher who shared an east Pasadena home with Bermudez, said they remember friends telling them always to wear padded gear when riding.
But that day, they cruised the westbound lanes of the busy freeway wearing only cut-off jeans and a T-shirt, they said.
Silent epidemic
No one knows if proper protective attire would've made a difference.
What is known is that Bermudez's death is not shocking, nor particularly newsworthy. Theirs was one of at least half-a-dozen motorcycle fatalities in Southern California in a 30-day span that garnered only a few sentences in newspapers.
Motorcycle-involved fatalities have more than doubled since 1997. The silent epidemic traditionally kills the most victims in summer — that number usually highest in the month of July.
The death toll has authorities reaching for new tools, from awareness campaigns, to riding classes to free fluorescent vests to slow the carnage.
The recent legalization of lane-splitting — whereby riders are permitted to squeeze between cars on the freeway — has added to the safety concerns for motorcyclists and automobile drivers. Lax licensing laws may also be a factor, experts say.
“Our slogan is: We want you to get licensed, but also to get trained and wear the right gear,” said Officer Jeremy Quigley, of the California Highway Patrol's Motorcycle Safety Division, which offers two-day courses in how to ride a motorcycle at 100 sites throughout the state.
The CHP even bought 10,000 green fluorescent vests to give riders to increase their visibility, a new program started two months ago to stem the wave of deaths that shows little sign of cresting.
Noemi Martinez watches a rider during an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Students take an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Noemi Martinez communicates with a student on a breaking exercise during an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Students take an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Jonathan Fernandez instructs riders to lean during an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Students take an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
A student rides around Altadena Elementary School during an AMO motorcycle safety class on Tuesday, June 19, 2018 in Altadena. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
A student rides around Altadena Elementary School during an AMO motorcycle safety class on Tuesday, June 19, 2018 in Altadena. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
Jonathan Fernandez instructs a rider during an AMO motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
AMO teaches a motorcycle safety class at Altadena Elementary School in Altadena on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Motorcycle safety classes can help combat the rise in motorcycle collisions and fatalities. (Photo by Sarah Reingewirtz, Pasadena Star News/SCNG)
While there are some signs these latest efforts may be paying off, the highway death toll is staggering.
From 1994 to 2016, motorcyclist fatalities continued to rise, from 5.7 percent of the total number of motor vehicle deaths in the United States to more than 14 percent of all traffic fatalities — even though motorcycles make up just 3 percent of all registered vehicles in the United States.
Human factors
The number of motorcycle fatalities went from 2,320 in 1994 to 5,286 in 2016.
From 2015-2016, the number of deaths jumped 6 percent, according to the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) released as part of the Governors' May 2018 report, “Motorcyclist Traffic Fatalities by State.”
California ranks in the top 15 of the 50 states in fatalities. Nevada claimed the highest rate: 22.6 percent.
Motorcycle deaths in California accounted for 15.1 percent of total motor vehicle deaths in 2016. That year, 566 motorcyclists were killed in the state — an 11 percent increase from 494 deaths in 2015, according to the state Department of Motor Vehicles. That doesn't include the 14,400 motorcyclists injured.
For 2017, a report released in May from the Governors Highway Safety Association shows a significant drop in motorcyclist fatalities. Preliminary data show California fatalities dropped from 566 to 406 in 2017, a 28.3 percent decrease, while U.S. fatalities fell 5.6 percent..
But the report says one year's un-reviewed data “are a testament to the year-to-year variability of motorcyclist deaths across the country, and the difficulty to control for contributing factors … (and) may not be an ongoing trend in this direction.”
It also warns that impaired driving due to alcohol abuse, legalized marijuana, excessive speed, distracted driving and new, faster bikes, along with climate change causing an increase in the number of riding days, are uncontrollable factors driving up motorcycle collisions.
“At the end of the day it is up to the individual rider to get smart,” Quigley said.
Curves, braking, balancing
Lane-splitting or lane-sharing is legal in California, the only state with such a law with a reported benefit of reducing freeway congestion and air pollution, according to the Governors' report.
This usually occurs in the carpool (HOV) lane where riders have more room to pass motorists, according to Charlie Fernandez, general manager of the Southern California-based Academy of Motorcycle Operation. The company is contracted by the Victorville-based Total Control Training to hold two-day motorcycle classes.
The CHP believes AMO's classes — about 16 hours of training that includes the safest way to split lanes — will help prevent accidents.
“Some come back and say: your class saved my life. I was in a near miss but I did the things I was taught,” Fernandez said.
The sharing of the carpool lane can cause conflicts or a vicious traffic collision such as one that happened about this time last year involving a case of road rage.
A June 2017 video went viral showing a motorcycle rider reacting when a sedan cut in front in the carpool lane of the southbound Highway 14 in Newhall. The footage shows the rider of the orange motorcycle kicking the driver's side of the sedan, causing the sedan to lose control and collide into another car.
After an eight-month investigation, motorcyclist Andrew Flanigan, 45, of Arleta, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon, felony hit and run and reckless driving.
The lollipop test
On a blacktop playground in Altadena, 11 men and women sat impatiently on side-by-side motorcycles.
One at a time, they would inch forward as Fernandez's son Jonathan instructed, “Now give it a little throttle.”
The riders practiced their skills in balance, speed, turning, distance and most importantly, braking. Too hard and it could lead to a wipe out, Fernandez explained.
“Learning how to stop requires downshifting,” Fernandez said. “Even at these speeds, letting out the clutch too fast can be disruptive and cause a skid.”
New riders under 21 years old must take the two-day training at a CHP-certified center. But for those 21 and over, the classes are not required, said Quigley.
Instead, riders take a written test, hold a permit for six months and must pass a DMV road test Quigley called “the lollipop test,” referring to the shape of the road drill.
“It is very basic. You have to zigzag through a couple of cones, ride in a pattern and shift gears. After that you pass and get your M1 license,” Quigley said.
Motorcyclists ride a 600-pound bike with no protection. Colliding with a 4,000-pound steel car means getting hurt is certain and injuries are often fatal, said the report. While only 20 percent of car crashes result in injury or death, that figure jumps to 80 percent for motorcycle crashes, says the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Helmets are about 37-percent effective in preventing motorcycle deaths, and about 67-percent effective in preventing brain injuries, according to the Governors' report.
Wearing pads, even leather, can help prevent injuries sometimes, Quigley said. As a rider himself, he's begun wearing a reflective vest that helps riders become more visible to motorists.
“I've always been a black material rider. But now I'm seeing more riders wear reflectorized vests,” they said.
Irony in death
Lucas Bermudez graduated from Pasadena High School in 2009. They liked to play guitar and trumpet, even mimicking Frank Sinatra, Aguilar said.
They went through several low-paying jobs, including becoming a veterinarian's assistant.
After being an independent truck driver, they became a member of the local union driving big rigs, something they told their friends felt like a career.
Aguilar said that it was ironic that they crashed into a big rig truck while riding their motorcycle.
At their funeral at Cabot & Sons in Pasadena on June 7, hundreds gathered to pay respects and remember the man who was funny, real, and a reliable friend who'd drop everything to help others in need, they said.
“He was great. They were funny. And they had the most shining personality,” Aguilar said. “I could rely on them more than anybody else.”
Facts about motorcyclist fatalities
• Over the past four years, riders 40 and older made up the largest percentage of motorcyclists fatalities, about 55 percent of all riders killed in 2013 and 54 percent in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
• In Washington state, the largest group of fatalities is males ages 18-29 riding sport bikes also known as “super-sports” that can reach speeds of up to 180 mph.
• Most crashes involving motorcycles are single-vehicle crashes.
• 48 percent of motorcyclist deaths in 2016 occurred on weekends. Those deaths were more likely to occur after 6 p.m.
• About 26 percent of fatally injured motorcycle drivers in 2016 had a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) at or above 0.08 percent.
• 68 percent of the female motorcyclists who died in crashes in 2016 were passengers. The vast majority of male motorcyclists who died were drivers.
A tribute hangs from a hoarding surrounding Grenfell Tower on the day of a commemoration hearing at the opening of the inquiry into the disaster at the tower, in London, Picture: Henry Nicholls/Reuters
London — Ahmed Elgwahry stood outside Grenfell Tower with a phone to their ear and listened as their mother and sister died in the inferno that swept through the west London high-rise nearly a year ago.
Elgwahry had raced across town after their sister Mariem, 27, called to tell them about the fire. But as soon as they arrived at the tower they knew that running inside would be suicide, so they called back and kept the line open, trying to comfort Mariem and their mother, Eslah, 64.
"She started fading away from me rather rapidly, but they kept going all the way until they were no longer audible. They started to mumble, started banging the floor, and then finally (was) no longer responsive," Elgwahry said of their sister. "It was at this point I presumed I lost my mum at the same time. But then about 20 seconds later, for the first time that early morning, I heard my mum's voice. They were struggling for breath and said their last words: 'I can't breathe, I can't breathe.'"
And then, they heard the crackle of the fire.
Elgwahry's account of what happened on June 14 was just one of the stories that gripped London over the past two weeks as friends and family members of the 72 victims of the Grenfell Tower inferno offered tributes during the first phase of a public inquiry. The inquiry, chaired by retired judge Martin Moore-Bick, seeks to establish the facts about what led up to the fire and make recommendations to prevent similar tragedies.
Survivors were adamant that the investigation start with an understanding of whom the victims were and that the pain suffered by loved ones be part of the report that will eventually be delivered to the prime minister. Moore-Bick agreed.
"It is only right that this inquiry starts not with the study of combustible materials, fire spread and the building regulations — that will come soon enough —but with the individual human voices and faces of this tragedy," they said as the hearings began.
For those who lived in and around Grenfell Tower, a public housing block in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, keeping the victims at the heart of the inquiry is more than an exercise in public mourning. It is a way to ensure that the panel addresses criticism that the divide between rich and poor contributed to the disaster in one of London's wealthiest areas.
Karim Mussilhy captured the distress of Grenfell survivors when they told of seeing the smudged fingerprints of children and adults on the walls of the building's single narrow staircase when they were allowed to visit the top-floor apartment where their uncle Hesham Rahman died.
"I will never be able to get that picture of the staircase out of my head," Mussilhy told the inquiry. "The total blackness of the walls and melted light fixtures giving me an insight into the terror the survivors must have felt that night and the helplessness, the helplessness of the loved ones we lost."
Then they added:
"So I ask you all here and everyone watches, when you go home tonight, hug your loved ones. Cherish every moment with them. Because until those in power listen and make changes to a system that fails, until then, only God knows how many homes are safe in this country."
Criticism has focused on the local government council for failing to heed warnings about fire safety, the building's manager for retrofitting the exterior with flammable insulation and a cladding system, and government officials for failing to implement safety recommendations for high-rise apartment blocks made after previous fires.
During the personal tributes, that criticism extended to fire authorities who told people to remain in their apartments even as flames engulfed the building and made escape impossible.
Paulos Tekle, who lost their 5-year-old son, Isaac, said they called the fire brigade after panicking neighbors told them flames were climbing up the outside of the building, but they were told to stay inside their 18th-floor apartment. They called again and again, but every time the message for him, their wife and two children was the same.
It wasn't until 2:15 a.m., 81 minutes after firefighters received the first call, that the family was told to leave.
As the family made their way out of the building with neighbors, Isaac slipped away from the group.
"Why we were kept inside for so long?" Tekle asked. "I want answers. If I had not listened to the fire brigade my son would have likely been alive today."
Marcio Gomes told the inquiry that their son, Logan, died when they were born two months prematurely after their wife was left in a coma. Andreia Gomes has recovered. Both sobbed as Marcio displayed an ultrasound image of their son.
"I held my son in my arms that evening hoping it was all a bad dream, wishing, praying for any kind of miracle, that they would just open their eyes, move, make a sound," they said. "But as we know, that never happened."
There was also the pain of those who had little to bury, like Elgwahry. The coroner recovered only fragments of the bodies of their mother and sister, which were pieced back together "bone for bone, as if they were dinosaurs."
They said believed their sister could have made it out of the tower that night, but would not leave their mother.
"The truth is, Mariem could have disconnected that call. But I'm forever grateful knowing that I was with them all the way and that I know they were with my mum," Elgwahry said. "Even though I was not in that room with them, I felt as close as I could have been. Once again, they were thinking about others. We were all together, until that last breath."
AP
A white elephant gift exchange is a holiday tradition where a group of friends, family members or coworkers exchange useless and wacky gifts during a holiday party.
You can either play by Secret Santa rules or each person draws a number to determine who goes first. The person who draws number one chooses a gift and opens it for everyone to see. Each person after that can either steal an already opened gift from someone before them or he/she can choose an unopened gift.
If a gift is stolen from someone, that person gets to pick another unopened gift. This process continues until the last person has gone. A gift can only be stolen three times so the fourth person to steal it gets to keep it.
Generally this type of holiday exchange is for entertainment so you do not have to spend a lot of money on the gift and the funnier or weirder, the better! Here are 30 ideas for your white elephant gift exchange this year:
1. Star Wars Ice Cube Trays
2. Cat Bingo
3. Beer Belly Fanny Pack
4. Human Face Anti-Stress Balls
5. Drinking Buddies Cocktail/Wine Glass Markers
6. Crazy Patterned Socks
7. Selfie Toaster
8. Bubble Gum Refrigerator Magnets
9. Foot Hammock
10. The VERY Embarrassing Book of Dad Jokes
11. Ugly Christmas Sweater
12. Toilet Golf
13. Bacon Flavored Toothpaste
14. People of Walmart Calendar
15. Dog Butt Magnets
16. Horse Head
17. Googly Eyes Stickers
18. Microwavable S'mores Maker
19. Unicorn Onesie
20. Finger Hands Finger Puppets
21. Pickle Lip Balm
22. Adjustable Visor with Spiked Hair
23. Smuggle Your Booze Sun Sunscreen Lotion Flask
24. Bubble Wrap Rain Jacket
25. Prank Pack iArm
26. Poo-Pourri Toilet Spray
27. Moose Oven Mit
28. NapSack Sleep Hood
29. Meat Maniac Insect & Bug Candy
30. Holiday Toilet Paper
Sensational “Limed Grey Oak” floors from Pergo
Pergo, recognized around the world as a pioneer and leading innovator brand for high-quality laminated floorings, reinvents the laminate floor with the exciting range Sensation. Your eye will notice the difference right away. Then try running your fingers across the floorboards and you're in for a real surprise! Each design highlights the matt-finish of the wood, while the new deeper embossing brings out every grain of the wood.
You want your floor to enhance your room decor, so Pergo Sensation gives you exciting new oak décors that will delight you! Limed Grey Oak looks and feels like a floor weathered by the sun and sand, adding a maritime touch to any room, for a sensation of true elegance. Sensational wood-look floors from Pergo retain lustre longer!
Pergo Sensation takes laminate flooring to a whole new level, as the beautiful, authentic, textured floorings have a deeper structure for a truly “natural feel” that you won't find in other laminate floors. You can't beatthe durability of the patented TitanX™ surface protection: so your Pergo Sensation floors will always remain fresh and elegant. A Pergo floor has the best, multi-layer protective floor finish in the market, so scratch and impact-resistant, that it retains its lustre much longer than other laminate floors, and is easier to clean. Installation is so easy with our PerfectFold™3.0 click system and the decor goes all the way down into the bevels, to create a fully-closed surface. When you choose a Pergo floor you care for the environment as 80% of our content consists of wood surplus.
The innovative AquaSafe technology protects your flooring against water seepage, while water-repellent coating on the plank edges, ensures that water can't penetrate from there either. Sensation floors are ultra-hygienic as dirt and water stays on the surface and is wiped away easily! Yes, Pergo Sensation is the ideal synergy of beautiful design and flawless performance. You will love the “Genuine Rustic™” surface texture that accentuates cracks, knots and scraped effect of wooden floors! The finest-looking flooring is now yours with easy maintenance and care. Visit your nearest Display Centre for a true hands-on experience! Cherish you home forever with the amazing Pergo Sensation!
For more information, please log on to www.pergo.co.in or visit www.facebook.com/PERGOINDIA
https://www.instagram.com/pergoindia/
Tweets by PergoInd
1800-102-3415
FILE - In this Sunday, Feb. 14, 2016, file photo, Actress Cynthia Nixon poses for the photographers during a photo call for the film 'A Quiet Passion' at the 2016 Berlinale Film Festival in Berlin, Germany. The former "Sex and the City" star says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. Them announcement Monday, March 19, 2018, sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions. (AP Photo/Michael Sohn, File)
ALBANY - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway,"
Nixon has their work cut out for them A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading them by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4.0 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past — nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo. Them video shows them walking their young daughter to school as they talk about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo on, they took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
More recently, they have been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid their "summer of hell" forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, they mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for their Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," their star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actor Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," they said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
AP
The new 2019 Chevy Corvette ZR1 is the quickest, most powerful supercar the company has ever built. Making its debut last month at the Dubai Motor Show, the 'Vette comes loaded with 755-horsepower (563 kilowatts) courtesy of a 6.2-liter supercharged V8. But Hennessey thinks the new ZR1 could use even more horsepower.
The Texas-based tuning shop has laid out three different performance upgrades for the new ZR1: HPE850, HPE1000, and HPE1200 upgrades. As each name suggests, the three available upgrade packages boost power significantly from the 755-hp stock model.
The HPE850 upgrade adds an extra 100 horses (74 kW) to the standard supercar, and brings the total torque to 715 pound-feet (969 Newton-meters). That reportedly allows the Corvette to sprint to 60 miles per hour (96 kilometers per hour) in just 2.6 seconds. Things like a Hennessey lower pulley upgrade, high-flow cylinder heads, upgraded valve springs, and a high-flow air induction system will be among the upgrades, with Hennessey and HPE850 emblems located aplenty, of course.
The next-up HPE1000 upgrades brings the horsepower figure to 1,000 (745 kW), as the moniker suggests, and 966 lb-ft (1,309 Nm) of torque. Hennessey estimates that with the 1,000-hp upgrade equipped, the ZR1 should be able to sprint to 60 mph (96 kmh) in just 2.5 seconds, and continue on to a top speed of 220 mph (354 kmh).
If it's insane amounts of horsepower you're after, the HPE1200 upgrade brings the total output to 1,200 hp (894 kW) and 1,066 lb-ft (1,445 Nm) of torque. With that type of power on tap, the ZR1 reportedly will be able to sprint to 60 mph in just 2.2 seconds, and on to a top speed of 230 mph (370 kmh). The 6.2-liter engine will gain things like a high-flow supercharger system, custom aluminum pistons, stainless steel headers and mid pipes, and HPE management calibration, among others.
Hennessey says that just a handful of examples of each upgrade will be available to consumers, but the shop neglected to give any pricing. For what it's worth, the stock Corvette ZR1 will start at $119,995 for the coupe, and $123,995 for the convertible.
Source: Hennessey
(U.S. Edition) As French President Emmanuel Macron prepares to meet with President Trump at the White House today, we'll discuss what's on the agenda. A major item you can expect: steel and aluminium tariffs. Afterwards, we'll look at how smaller banks are restructuring to get away from tougher Federal Reserve regulation, and then we'll talk with political scientist Ian Bremmer — founder of the political risk consultancy The Eurasia Group — about why they think globalism has failed.
WASHINGTON — Doctors had some positive news on Friday for the family of a Maryland native who was wounded in the Las Vegas mass shooting Sunday night.
“Tina had a [CT scan] this morning and still looks good, so we are waiting on the [doctor] to approve the removal of the brain swelling monitor,” Tina Frost's family posted Friday in an update to their GoFundMe campaign
Frost, 237, who grew up in Crofton, Maryland, and lives in San Diego, was struck in the face by a bullet when a gunman opened fire on a crowd gathered for a music festival.
Frost remains in a medically induced coma, and their right eye had to be removed.
A good-looking CT scan comes after doctors told their family that the Anne Arundel high alumnus could have brain damage, since the bullet passed through two quadrants of their brain.
Earlier in the week, the family said doctors told them Frost's reflexes were good and that when they wake, their left eye will likely have 20/20 vision.
“These are all good signs today and we're excited to share the news,” the family statement read. “We're just remembering that it's baby steps and each win, however small, are things we're celebrating.”
The family thanked supporters for their thoughts and prayers. The campaign had a goal of $50,000; on Friday afternoon, it had surpassed $430,000.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
× First hearing in public records lawsuit against Legislature
OLYMPIA, Wash. — An initial hearing Friday on a public records lawsuit filed against the Washington state Legislature by a coalition of news organizations established some ground rules in the case moving forward, but a date for arguments won't be set for a few more days.
The brief scheduling conference was held before Thurston County Superior Court Judge Chris Lanese, who, with agreement from attorneys from both sides, said that the focus on the cross motions in the coming weeks should focus on the overarching legal argument of whether the Legislature is subject to the state's public records act.
The news coalition, led by The Associated Press, is challenging state lawmakers' assertion that they are excluded from stricter disclosure rules that apply to other elected officials and agencies.
The Legislature has hired two outside firms to represent it in the case: Seattle-based Pacifica Law Group, which has assigned three attorneys to the case, including Gov. Jay Inslee's former counsel, Nick Brown, and Olympia-based Bean, Gentry, Wheeler & Peternell, which has assigned former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Gerry Alexander.
The lawsuit focuses on how the Washington Legislature interprets a 1995 revision to a 1971 definition of legislative records. Lawyers for the House and Senate regularly cite that change as a reason to withhold records, arguing that most lawmaker records — including calendars and text messages — are not considered public.
That is despite voters overwhelmingly passing an initiative in 1972 that affirmed the public's right to “full access to public records so as to assure continuing public confidence in fairness of elections and governmental processes, and so as to assure that the public interest will be fully protected.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
AUSTIN -- For five years, Esperanza Herrera lived with their 93-year-old mother in their southeast Austin home of more than a quarter-century and served as their full-time caretaker.
They followed the same morning routine on March 12: Herrera cooked their mother's breakfast, and Mary Moreno would sit for hours in their favorite chair in their kitchen.
Moreno had just finished their eggs and bacon when their daughter noticed a package near the front door. They assumed it was their mother's mail-order medication.
Instead, it was a near-fatal bomb.
RELATED:
Austin bombing victim undergoes several surgeries, feels 'blessed to be alive'
Moreno said they at first could not fathom that their home had been a target of the bomber.
“I was screaming 'the water heater burst,'” Moreno said in their first interview since the blast. “I started to hear their screaming, ‘Take my mother out,' and I was going to walk. And I saw all the glass."
They soon realized something more dangerous had happened.
It was the second of two explosions in a series of blasts that rocked Austin that day. The other killed 17-year-old Draylen Mason.
In the nearly 10 weeks since the bomber killed themselves with an explosive device as police closed in, none of the survivors have agreed to talk about their recovery. Moreno's daughter is still recovering, and they and their other daughters say they are healing emotionally.
“It's like, ‘Why here? Why my sister?'” said Zulema Prado, who lives in California but has been in Texas to help care for their mother.
For weeks, Moreno was unable to live in their home. Law enforcement officials had to clear it as a crime scene, and several repairs had to be made.
The family says they are now hoping Herrera recovers enough to return to the family home.
© 2018 KVUE
2017In the future, our homes and vehicles could be powered by fuel made from seaweed grown at large-scale offshore farms. Researchers at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) are working to help make that scenario a reality sooner with funding from the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E).
WHOI was awarded $5.7 million from ARPA-E's Macroalgae Research Inspiring Novel Energy Resources (MARINER) Program for two projects that develop tools and technology to advance the mass production of seaweed for biofuels and bio-based chemicals.
"By focusing on the technological challenges to growing and harvesting macroalgae (seaweed) efficiently and cost-effectively, MARINER project teams are building the tools we need to fully put this resource to work contributing to our energy future," says ARPA-E Acting Director Eric Rohlfing.
"Bringing our scientists and engineers together to develop innovative solutions to important problems is a hallmark of WHOI," adds Mark Abbott, president and director of WHOI. "We're pleased and honored to be selected by ARPA-E to work on advancing new sources of renewable energy."
Currently in the U.S., seaweed is primarily used in food and food processing for humans and animals, and mostly comes from imported farmed product or wild harvests. Expanding seaweed farming domestically relieves pressure on wild stocks, creates jobs and revitalizes working waterfronts. Ultimately expanded and more efficient production will lead to expanded markets including feedstocks for biofuels. The ARPA-E estimates that in the U.S. combined brown and red seaweed farming could yield about 300 million dry metric tons per year. When converted to energy, that could fuel about 10 percent of the nation's annual transportation needs.
"The MARINER program addresses a critical challenge that land production systems are unlikely to solve," explains biologist Scott Lindell, who is leading the research effort at WHOI. "How do we meet growing global biofuel needs and also meet the 50 to 100 percent increase in demand for food expected by 2050? Seaweed farming avoids the growing competition for fertile land, energy intensive fertilizers, and freshwater resources associated with traditional agriculture."
With $3.7 million, Lindell and a team of seaweed biologists, geneticists and entrepreneurs will develop a breeding program for sugar kelp--Saccharina latissima, one of the most commercially important species--using the latest gene sequencing and genomic resources for faster, more accurate and efficient selective breeding. The breeding program will build a library of genetic resources associated with plant traits that produce a 20 to to 30 percent improvement over wild plants. Lindell says the team expects to develop novel genomic tools that will accelerate the production of improved plants while decreasing the need for costly offshore field evaluations.
Partners in the project include: University of Connecticut-Stamford, which will develop the kelp strains and families for breeding; the USDA Agriculture Research Service at Cornell, which will apply DNA sequencing and genomic analysis to direct selective breeding for important traits; and GreenWave, which will operate the open ocean farming system for field trials of the selectively bred families.
The remaining $2 million in funding will be used by a team from the Applied Ocean Physics and Engineering department to develop an autonomous underwater observation system for monitoring large-scale seaweed farms for extended periods of time without human intervention.
"The really cool thing about the ARPA-E MARINER program is that it funds both the development of the farming technology and the development of the monitoring technology side-by-side," says researcher Erin Fischell, who will lead the vehicle project.
The WHOI team will outfit an unmanned underwater vehicle with acoustic, optical, and environmental sensors to monitor seaweed growth and health, equipment status, and water column properties, such as nutrient content.
"We will be using a REMUS (Remote Environmental Monitoring UnitS) 100 vehicle, which is a small robotic vehicle developed at WHOI to survey shallow coastal areas," says Fischell. "A REMUS docking station will be the base of the system, allowing the vehicle to recharge and transmit data making long-term operation possible."
###
The WHOI-lead project teams will collaborate with a third MARINER project awarded to a team led by the University of Alaska Fairbanks. That project is developing scale model seaweed farms capable of producing sugar kelp for less than $100 per dry metric ton. Lindell will lead biological sampling and testing at seaweed farm sites in New England--Nantucket Sound and Long Island Sound--and Alaska.
The two WHOI awards are among 18 innovative projects that received a total of $22 million in funding from ARPA-E.
Arlo is one of our favourite home security systems, giving you smartphone-controlled cameras, motion detection, night vision and all with free online video storage for a week.
It's an expensive system, but you can save 39 per cent today thanks to Amazon's Early Easter Sales. Normally priced at £409.99 for the three-camera system, it's down to £249.99 for today.
Netgear Arlo uses a central hub to control the remote cameras. It's an expandable system with a range of different camera types available, so this makes a great starting point for home monitoring.
It's compatible with Android or iPhone, with control from browsers too, so it's always easy to tap in and see what's happening at home. You might be lying on a beach, walking home from work or at a friend's house for the evening and you can instantly get alerted to movement and live view the feed from the cameras to see what's happening.
These cameras are waterproof and battery powered, so installation indoors or outdoors is easy.
The added bonus is that Arlo also works with Alexa, so you can enable or disable your cameras using voice, as well as use the Echo Show or a Fire tablet to show you a live feed. "Alexa, show me my front door camera": it's as easy as that.
This deal only lasts for the rest of today - 19 March - so strike while the iron is hot.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions' testimony that they opposed a proposal for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team to meet with Russians has been contradicted by three people who told Reuters they have spoken about the matter to investigators with Special Counsel Robert Mueller or congressional committees.
COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (AP) - An envoy says Maldives will not extend the state of emergency that is due to expire on Thursday amid criticism of the government over the recent political turmoil.
Mohamed Hussain Shareef, ambassador to neighboring Sri Lanka, said the government "has no intention of extending" the emergency when its 30-day period expires, "barring very unusual circumstances such as widespread violence."
Maldives declared an emergency due to turmoil following a Supreme Court ruling ordering the release of several of the president's jailed political opponents. Under the emergency law, President Yameen Abdul Gayoom had two Supreme Court judges arrested for alleged corruption and the remaining three judges annulled the order to release Yameen's opponents.
The emergency regulations gave Maldives' security forces sweeping powers, including to make arrests and search and seize property.
___
This story has been corrected to show emergency is set to expire Thursday, not Wednesday.
As some Democrats push harder for the impeachment of President Trump, with some threatening to bring it to the House floor, Democratic leaders are pushing back — apparently concerned about the risk of overreaching.
Rep. Brad Sherman (D-CA) and other members of the Democratic caucus have been pushing for a vote on impeachment — the natural consequence of months of often-hysterical claims about Trump's actions in relation to alleged Russian interference in the election. Politico reported earlier this week that Sherman is prepared to buck their leadership in bringing a vote to the House floor.
Sherman claims that Trump's alleged request for former FBI Director James Comey to drop the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn amounts to an obstruction of justice and is, therefore, an impeachable offense. Their motion would almost certainly be dead-on-arrival in the House.
But Sherman isn't the only Democratic lawmaker to float impeachment. Fellow California Rep. Maxine Waters was seen chanting “Impeach 45” on Sunday. Earlier this month, Rep. Al Green (R-TX) also called for impeachment and wants there to be a vote in the House.
“Obstruction of justice by the president is the problem,” Green said. “Impeachment by Congress is the solution.”
Yet, while impeachment is always a popular word among Democrats' hard-left base whenever a Republican is in the White House, Democratic leaders are concerned about something Republicans are frequently accused of when the tables are turned — overreaching.
According to the Hill, leaders are worried that an aggressive push for impeachment will further politicize the investigation and undercut both the probe and Democrats' midterm election chances. Famously, Republicans were stung in the late nineties by accusations of overreach when they sought the impeachment of President Bill Clinton.
Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-MD), the minority whip, said that talk of impeachment was “not timely,” according to the Hill. Meanwhile, Former Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile was forced to deny Sunday that Democrats were overreaching.
“First of all, I don't think the Democrats are overreaching. I mean this is about the integrity of our democracy — democratic process. It's about what happened in 2016,” they said on ABC's This Week.
Axios reported that Democratic leadership wants to be careful using the i-word as the “investigations haven't revealed enough yet” — a possible sign that Democrats were disappointed with Comey's testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee last week and that it revealed no apparent obstruction of justice.
Other Democrats believe that the way to political victory is by focusing on the issues likely to decide the midterm race and the issues they were beaten on in 2016 — such as jobs and health care reform.
“We need to be looking at the issues that matter to families at home, and that starts with jobs, health care, addressing the opioid crisis,” Rep. Katherine Clark (D-MA) said earlier this month.
“We can file articles of impeachment, we very well may have a basis, but Republicans have shown they're unwilling to criticize, to hold this president accountable,” Clark said, according to the Boston Globe. “Let's mobilize, get to the streets, register voters, and change the majority in the House.”
Other lawmakers though, while cautious for now, are still licking their lips at the chance of impeachment — even egging Trump on to do something to trigger such a push.
“You want a speed-rail car to impeachment? Fire Mueller,” Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-IL) according to the Hill. “I dare you to do it.”
Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
Dhudiya Games secures multiple distribution deals for mobile games
Dhudiya to leverage the latest mobile technologies to provide unique entertainment experience
Further strengthening its identity and presence in the entertainment industry, Dhudiya Entertainment, Gujarat's leading entertainment company, has launched its mobile games division – Dhudiya Games – that would act as publisher, developer, licensor and distributor of gaming content across all platforms.
Dhudiya Games is collaborating with relevant parties to handle porting, localization, sales and marketing of these games, having secured distribution deals for variety of games as funded by publishers, crowdfunding platforms, venture investors, and developers themselves too. The company is seeking to maximize its global sales potential, irrespective of a channel's presence or a complete game to get sold. The games will include a host of entertaining 2D action games, puzzle games, racing games and the like, catering to a wide audience. Some mobile games already distributed on Play Store and App Store includes Cookie Blast and Cookie Blast -3.
With digital technology proliferating routine lives along with the use of smartphones in India, Dhudiya Entertainment has now ushered in the new division to leverage technology and offer new services, ideas and concepts for promoting audiovisual content on all platforms. The musical content is already popular on iTunes, Saavn, Gaana, Wynk, and several other platforms.
Dhudiya's Varied Ventures in Films and Music
The foray into gaming sector has been part of the vision of the company for a long time. Dhudiya Entertainment's existing divisions – Dhudiya Pictures & Dhudiya Music – have already amplified their presence in the entertainment sector. Dhudiya Pictures focuses on the worldwide distribution of films inclusive of global sales and distribution management of both in-house films and third-party releases. Dhudiya Music is a leading music company, which focuses on offering the best in musical innovation, owning and operating with businesses engaged in music publishing along with audiovisual content.
Dhudiya Entertainment has organized events, exhibitions, and digital space for the Gujarati Entertainment industry in the country and over the globe. The company has introduced their strategy of integrated offerings with enough innovation and technology to boost user experience with long lasting impact.
Dhudiya Entertainment has distributed films like Taxii (2016) and Armaan: Story of a Storyteller (2017) and released the soundtracks for Duru Duru (Assamese) and Jannate-e-Milan (their upcoming feature film to be released in Hindi).
The Philippines has ordered an Australian Catholic nun to leave the country within 30 days after the immigration bureau revoked their missionary visa for joining protest rallies, an immigration official says.
Patricia Anne Fox, a 71 year-old superior of the Notre Dame de Sion in the Philippines, a congregation of Catholic nuns, was detained for a day last week after President Rodrigo Duterte ordered their investigation for "disorderly conduct".
In a one-page order, immigration bureau head Jaime Morente asked Fox to leave the Philippines after "she was found to have engaged in activities that are not allowed under the terms and conditions of their visa."
Fox, who has been in the country for more than 27 years, has 30 days to exit the Philippines after receipt of the order.
Them renewable missionary visa, which was due to expire in September 2018, was cancelled on Monday, but an immigration spokesperson said they can still return to the mainly Catholic Southeast Asian country as a tourist, not as a missionary.
"We will file a motion for reconsideration on this order," said Jobert Pahilga, a lawyer for the Australian nun. "She has not participated in any partisan activity.  They are a nun."
The left-wing activist group Bayan (Nation) condemned the expulsion order of a nun who "has done so much for Philippine farmers in their nearly three decades stay here".
"The Duterte regime is paranoid and afraid of an elderly nun working for human rights and social justice for the poor," Bayan leader Renato Reyes said in a statement.
"The deportation order of Sister Pat is indeed despicable and utterly shameful," said Reyes.
In a speech last week to soldiers, Duterte said they ordered the immigration to look into Fox's political activities in the country.
"It's a violation of sovereignty," Duterte said, accusing Fox of badmouthing their administration. "You do not have that right to criticise us. Do not insult my country."
Their spokesperson, Harry Roque, even showed journalists photos of Fox speaking at farmer and labourer protest rallies in Duterte's hometown in southern Davao City early this month.
As lawmakers crack down on opioid distribution, local pain patients are being forced to find other options.
Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno says the government decided to hike the share of foreign borrowings to 25% of the total financing program for the next 5 years, from the initial 20%
Published 8:15 AM, April 25, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippine government is borrowing more than it initially expected from countries like China, Japan, and South Korea, citing "good" interest rates for major infrastructure deals, said the Development Budget Coordination Committee (DBCC).
Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno said the government decided to hike the share of foreign borrowings to 25% of the total financing program for the next 5 years, from the initial 20%.
"We have adjusted to 25 (foreign lenders):75 (local lenders) to allow us to borrow more," Diokno, who also chairs the DBCC, told reporters during the DBCC press conference in Manila on Tuesday, April 24.
This was from the previous borrowing ratio of 20 (foreign lenders):80 (local lenders).
"We're getting offers from China and Japan.... They're giving us good rates. Korea is also making offers to us," Diokno said, citing the loan the country got from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for the Metro Manila Subway project.
Last March, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez III announced the signing of the first tranche of the loan agreement with JICA, amounting to ¥104.53 billion or P51.3 billion.
The loan carries an interest rate of 0.10% per annum for non-consulting services, and 0.01% per annum for consulting services, to be repaid within 40 years inclusive of a 12-year grace period.
JICA said the loan agreement will cover actual demand for funding for the initial years of the project.
"The subway, they're offering us an interest rate of 0.1%, 12 years to pay. China will be somehow in the neighborhood of 2% interest rate per annum.... We are going to get the best terms possible," Diokno told reporters.
While Japan gives lower interest rates than China, Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia had said that the government still needs financing from China as it cannot get funding solely from Japan.
"We cannot get all the loans from the ODA (official development assistance) of Japan. They have to give to other countries as well.... Between 2% and 3% interest rate is still much better than commercial loans," Pernia was quoted as saying in an Interaksyon report.
The government plans to spend P8 trillion until 2020 to restore the country's crumbling roads and bridges, glitch-ridden trains, as well as airports that seem to be behind the times.
To help fund the "ambitious" infrastructure program, the government passed a tax reform law partly aimed at contributing P180 billion to government coffers by 2020. This is aside from public-private partnership deals and a large chunk of loans that will come from China, Japan, and possibly South Korea. – Rappler.com
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
1 of 37 View Captions
(Steve Helber | AP Photo) A counter demonstrator gets a splash of water after being hit by pepper spray at the entrance to... (Steve Helber) | AP Photo) Virginia State Police cordon off an area around the site where a car ran into a group of protes... (Ryan M. Kelly | The Daily Progress via AP) A vehicle reverses after driving into a group of protesters demonstrating agai... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) Rescue personnel help an injured woman after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) White nationalist demonstrators clash with counter demonstrators at the entrance to Lee Park in ... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) White nationalist demonstrators use shields as they guard the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottes... (Ryan M. Kelly | The Daily Progress via AP)A vehicle drives into a group of protesters demonstrating against a white nation... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) Rescue personnel help injured people after a car ran into a large group of protesters after a wh... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) White nationalist demonstrators walk through town after their rally was declared illegal near Le... (Ryan M. Kelly | The Daily Progress via AP) People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of protesters demonst... (Steve Helber | AP Photo) Rescue personnel help injured people after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an w... A counter-protester gets milk poured onto their face after getting pepper sprayed during a white nationalist rally on Saturday ... State Police in riot gear guard Lee Park after a white nationalist demonstration was declared illegal and the park was cleare... White nationalist demonstrators walk into Lee park surrounded by counter demonstrators in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug... White nationalist Richard Spencer gives remarks after a white nationalist rally was declared an unlawful assembly on Saturday... Protester stands in front of state troopers in attempt to block them in during a white nationalist rally on Saturday Aug. 12... An injured person is taken away by Emergency Medical Services workers after a car ran into pedestrians during a white nationa... A counter-protester throws a newspaper stand during a white nationalist rally on Saturday Aug. 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, ... White nationalist demonstrators use shields as they clash with counter demonstrators at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlotte... White nationalist demonstrators hold their ground as they clash with counter demonstrators in Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va... Counter-protesters tear a Confederate flag during a white nationalist rally, on Saturday Aug. 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, V... Charlottesville resident Elliot Harding lights a candle as they place flowers and a stuffed animal at a makeshift memorial for... A white nationalist demonstrator with a helmet and shield walks into Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 201... An injured man sits on the ground during a white nationalist rally on Saturday Aug. 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, Va. The gro... Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe addresses a news conference concerning the white nationalist rally and violence in Charlottesvi... A protester stands in front of state troopers during a white nationalist rally on Saturday Aug. 12, 2017, in Charlottesville... A police officer stands in the middle of the street after declaring the protest an unlawful assembly during a white nationali... Rescue personnel help injured people after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an white nationalist rally in Cha... Protester stands guard in front of the entrance to their gathering during a white nationalist rally, on Saturday Aug. 12, 20... Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe addresses a news conference concerning the white nationalist rally and violence in Charlottesvi... In this Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017 photo, James Alex Fields Jr., second from left, holds a black shield in Charlottesville, Va.,... This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-d... This undated photo provided by the Virginia State Police show Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, left, of Quinton, Va., and Lt.... Authorities work near the scene of a deadly helicopter crash near Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday Aug. 12, 2017. (Shelby Lu... Authorities embrace while working near the scene of a deadly helicopter crash near Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday Aug. 12,... This undated photo provided by the Virginia State Police shows Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates of Quinton, Va. Bates along wit... This undated photo provided by the Virginia State Police shows Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, of Midlothian, Va. Cullen along with...
The newly elected President of the Institute of Human Resources Practitioners, Ghana (IHRMP), Dr. Edward Kwapong has said human resource practitioners must welcome professional certification and say goodbye to raw academic qualifications for them to be relevant in the industry.
Dr. Kwapong said this when they delivered their speech at the ninth graduation ceremony of the IHRMP held in Accra on Friday.
“Academic giants are exchanging the academic crowns for professional trowels and that is the reality of the situation. Goodbye raw academic qualification, welcome professional certification. The days of academic fleece are over, the time has come for professional fleece,” the President of IHRMP added.
The Executive Director of IHRMP, Mr. Ebenezer Agbetor said, “The event marks a high point in the calendar of activities of the Institute because it shows that we are growing as an institute since the inception of the Professional Certification Program (PCP) in 2002. The numbers graduating today are 136 Associate and nine certified members as against last year's figures of 98 and 12 respectively. A remarkable increase of 32 per cent in the number of students graduating.”
Mr. Agbetor charged the graduands to step out there and be good ambassadors of the profession that they have chosen and stand tall with the equipped tools and competencies to distinguish themselves.
The guest speaker, Mrs. Irene Asare, Director of HR, Facilities and Administration of Tullow Ghana Limited, who doubles as the reigning HR Practitioner of the Year, said, “There is fear that applying artificial intelligence and robotics will gradually spell the death of jobs, but HR practitioners needed to come to terms with the fact that artificial intelligence, robotics and human beings combine to deliver levels of productivity and outcomes in an organisation.
Speaking on the theme, ‘Artificial intelligence and robotics – The continued relevance of HR management', Mrs. Irene Asare explained that, “It is not the future of the workplace, it is here with us and happening today in our workplaces. A radical change is already evident in the customer service sector.”
By Times Reporter
FILE - In this March 25, 2015, file photo, a portrait of Brittany Maynard sits on the dais of the Senate Health Committee as lawmakers heard testimony on proposed legislation allowing doctors to prescribe life-ending medication to terminally ill patients, at the Capitol in Sacramento, Calif. A California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives was blocked following a judge's ruling that the measure was not legally approved by the Legislature. Since last week's decision, doctors have stopped issuing new prescriptions for life-ending drugs. Many issues are unclear, however, such as what could happen to the insurance claims of relatives of terminally ill patients who take drugs they legally obtained when the law was in effect. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
FILE - In this March 25, 2015, file photo, a portrait of Brittany Maynard sits on the dais of the Senate Health Committee as lawmakers heard testimony on proposed legislation allowing doctors to prescribe life-ending medication to terminally ill patients, at the Capitol in Sacramento, Calif. A California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives was blocked following a judge's ruling that the measure was not legally approved by the Legislature. Since last week's decision, doctors have stopped issuing new prescriptions for life-ending drugs. Many issues are unclear, however, such as what could happen to the insurance claims of relatives of terminally ill patients who take drugs they legally obtained when the law was in effect. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the state's request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia's ruling, which was filed with the court last week, didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, they found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate their decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said they still are meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And they said they can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," they said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said they and their colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said they believe doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said they doubt prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But they said they don't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," they said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
DETROIT (WWJ) – A week before the solar eclipse — Amazon issuing a widespread recall and warning for customers who purchased solar eclipse glasses.
Amazon sent an email to customers who bought the glasses — many with the expectation of using during the Aug. 21 solar eclipse — concerned that the glasses could be counterfeit or unsafe for use.
One woman who ordered a family pack from Amazon told CBS – KOIN 6 that they got this message from the online retailer: “NASA and the American Astronomical Society advise you to use solar eclipse glasses from recommended manufacturers.
Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer.
Therefore we recommend that you do not use this product to view the sun or eclipse.”
They were grateful to get the notice — saying she'd rather be safe than sorry.
In a statement to Oregon broadcaster KGW, Amazon said that it made the decision “out of “an abundance of caution.”
Safety is among our highest priorities. Out of an abundance of caution, we have proactively reached out to customers and provided refunds for eclipse glasses that may not comply with industry standards. We want customers to buy with confidence anytime they make a purchase on Amazon.com and eclipse glasses sold on Amazon.com are required to comply with the relevant ISO standard.
Contact Amazon if you have any concerns over a purchase of solar eclipse glasses.
The U.S. will have its first total solar eclipse spanning coast-to-coast in 99 years later this month.
Find out where, when and how to see the solar eclipse here.
If you're interested in witnessing history, click here to punch in your zip code and figure out to when the solar eclipse will begin in your neighborhood.
HOPEFUL first-home buyers desperate to save their first deposit are considering other ways than just stashing their own pool of cash to buy a home.
New Galaxy research compiled on behalf of lender State Custodians has revealed while first-time buyers say saving a portion of their wage is the most common approach to getting a deposit together (39 per cent), pooling their funds with a spouse or partner is also popular (25 per cent) or getting an inheritance from parents or family (24 per cent.)
media_camera First home buyers are turning to others to help them save a deposit.
The record-low interest rate environment and soaring house prices in recent years continues to push aspiring buyers further away from the reality of owning their own home.
TRAVEL: Why organising your money before you leave can backfire
Lender State Custodians' general manager Joanna Pretty said buyers are looking at a range of ways to get their deposit together more quickly.
“We are noticing increasingly people are looking to pool resources or leverage resources from family, so parents who have done well in the real estate market and have equity in their house — first home buyers are looking to leverage from that,'' they said.
“They are also having to look at other options such as buying property with friends and the old adage of don't mix friendship and money has gone out the window.”
POWER: Easy ways to lower your utility pain
New figures from lender ME also found strategies including purchasing a smaller than preferred property are popular (23 per cent), followed by purchasing in a less desired suburb (19 per cent) just to get a foot on the property ladder.
media_camera First-home buyers are being forced to make sacrifices about the type of property they buy and its location so they can afford to get their foot on the property ladder.
Ms Pretty suggests savers start small and put away little chunks of cash before setting more realistic goals along the way of total amounts they aim to have saved.
Often a 20 per cent deposit is the goal of entry-level buyers otherwise they will be hit with hefty lenders' mortgage insurance (LMI), which protects the lender not the borrower.
Loan Dolphin chief executive officer Ranin Mendis who runs the mortgage bidding marketplace said setting up a good, strict budget and sticking to it is the key to success.
media_camera LoanDolphin chief executive officer Ranin Mendis said having a good savings plan in place for a deposit and sticking to it will help savers get a deposit together successfully.
“It's all about planning but most importantly execution — setting realistic budgets and saving plans and achieving these,'' they said.
“It's always great to have the bank of mum and dad to help with deposits but getting a mortgage is just the start, borrowers need to repay that mortgage to the bank which is a serious long term commitment.”
@sophieelsworth
Originally published as First-home buyers seek urgent help
Hide press release Show press release
Film Emotions: the most important Lamborghinis of cinema on display at the Museum in Sant'Agata Bolognese
Sant'Agata Bolognese, 30 May 2018 – Stefano Domenicali, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Automobili Lamborghini, has inaugurated the exhibit “Film Emotions – Lamborghini and the World of Cinema” at the Lamborghini Museum in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The exhibit showcases Lamborghini cars that have left their mark on the big screen, from the Miura of The Italian Job(1969) to the Aventador of The Dark Knight Rises(2012).
The exhibit layout is inspired by the mythical Hollywood Walk of Fame, with a runway marked by the iconic stars accompanying visitors through the most important Lamborghini models that have appeared in international films.
Incorporated within the permanent collection of the Lamborghini Museum, the exhibit is on display daily through 31 October 2018, from 9:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
The Lamborghini Museum continues to enjoy a season of great success. Following the record number of visitors last year (100,000), the first months of 2018 have already registered an increase of 25% over the same period of the previous year, with enthusiasts and groups coming from all over the world.
The models on display
At the entrance to the museum, one of the most significant models of the exhibit is on display: the Aventador of superhero Batman, an example in silver used in the film The Dark Knight Rises(2012, directed by Christopher Nolan). In the last episode of the Batman saga, the Aventador is the car owned by the protagonist Bruce Wayne, alias Batman, played by Christian Bale. This is not the first time that a Lamborghini has been used as the car of the wealthy magnate: in The Dark Knight(2008) it was a Murciélago LP 640 that Bruce Wayne drove through the streets of Gotham City, and the same model also appeared in Batman Beginsin 2005.
Also following the superhero theme is the Huracán Coupéin the Grigio Lynx (grey) color used by Dr. Stephen Strange (played by Benedict Cumberbatch) in Doctor Strange(2016, directed by Scott Derrickson) as a status symbol of the prestige of the world renowned neurosurgeon. Chosen for its iconic design and breathtaking performance, the Huracán became the fulcrum of the turning point in the film.
One of the highlights of the exhibit is the iconic orange Miura P400, in homage to the one used in The Italian Job(1969, directed by Peter Collinson). In the memorable opening sequence of the movie, the legendary Miura speeds along the St. Bernard pass amidst the snow and the notes of On Days Like These by Matt Monro, with actor Rossano Brazzi at the wheel before the fatal accident.
A green Countachevokes the one used in the opening scenes of The Cannonball Run(1981, directed by Hal Needham), where the Lamborghini speeds along the sun-soaked American highways that run between Connecticut and California. The iconic model adapts perfectly to the seductive nature of the provocative women driving it: Jill Rivers (Tara Buckman) and Marcie Thatcher (Adrienne Barbeau), who used charm akin to that of the car to achieve the final victory.
Another stand-out in the cinema itinerary is the LM002featured in the film Fast&Furious 4(2009, directed by Justin Lin), where it was used off-road by one of the antagonists of Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel).
An example of a Jalpa in matt black is the one used by Sylvester Stallone in the film Rocky IV(1985, directed by Stallone himself). With its sharp, angular lines, the Jalpa perfectly fits the character of Rocky, reflecting their strong and determined personality. In the film, the car is framed numerous times to show its most characteristic details, especially in Rocky's moments of introspection. An unforgettable scene is the one in which Rocky Balboa talks to their son about the job of the boxer while polishing their Lamborghini.
On the motorsport theme, a Lamborghini Gallardo Super Trofeois the model that appears in the Italian film Veloce come il Vento(Italian Race, 2016, directed by Matteo Rovere), driven by Giulia de Martino (Matilda de Angelis) with the help of their brother Loris (Stefano Accorsi) in the Italian GT championship.
Also in homage to Italian cinema, the exhibition includes the red Lamborghini350 GT from the film Bar Sport(2011, directed by Massimo Martelli), filmed right in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The first Lamborghini production car in the brand's history, the car features in a setting recalling the furnishings of the mythical café described by Stefano Benni in their novel of the same name, amidst the juke box, the wooden bar counter, and the mythical Luisona: the pastry of unknown age that can be found in every Bar Sport in Italy, where no one has ever had the courage to eat it.
Cinema enthusiasts can also challenge themselves with a cinema quiz via a digital totem, guessing the two films in which the protagonists were the Lamborghini Centenarioand the Sesto Elemento. Then, in pure film-festival style, there is a selfie panel for visitors to portray themselves as real stars among the other stars of the automotive world.
The 2018 Kansas Catholic College Student Convention is taking place at the St. Pius X Catholic Student Center in Pittsburg.
The convention is designed to bring students of the catholic faith together in one place.
More than 200 students from across Kansas join hands in spiritual unity.
But for some, these college days can be trying on your beliefs.
Father David Voss says the work they do at St. Pius X is essential to helping college students overcome challenges to their faith.
Father David Voss, Chaplain, St. Pius X: "These are our students that are being formed, they're like the apostles in the gospels, who, once they followed Christ, they weren't perfect yet, and they needed to be formed and they made mistakes and came back and asked for forgiveness, and the need to learn new things, and these are the future apostles of our church, these are the future leaders of our church."
Amy Bergkamp, Ft. Hays State student: "It's okay if you're having questions or having doubts because everybody does but that just means that you care, which is a good sign."
That's one of the reasons Amy Bergkamp made the six hour drive from fort hays state to join their fellow students.
Bergkamp: "I think it's important to really build that community not only with your friends from your school, but also with your friends through the different colleges throughout Kansas, and just that community and having that foundation of your faith is really important to keep building on.
Bergkamp agrees it's okay to question your beliefs.
Bergkamp: "Anybody has questions, I grew up Catholic, and even I sometimes am like, is this for real, is like God for real?"
Organizers say that's why they hold these conventions.
Evan Burke, Emcee: "You're going through some of the difficulties and the monotony of a day, to get to refresh your soul and they give you the, you know, the reason to go back out into the world, and try to live out the gospel, and that's why I think this is such a great event."
Sooraj Pancholi was last seen with Athiya Shetty in the star-kids' Bollywood debut Hero. Now the actor has signed their second Hindi film to be directed by Prabhudeva. An action comedy which is a remake of a South film will be produced by Bhushan Kumar & Prashant Gunjalkar.
Sooraj on Thursday took to Twitter, where they shared a photograph with Prabhudheva and producer Bhushan Kumar. “Yes it is official! Can't wait to work with you Prabhudheva sir…I have grown up watching you! Thank you for all the inspiration. T-Series,” Sooraj captioned the image.
The film is reported to be a comedy and will be produced by T-Series. Although Sooraj got to display their action skills in Hero, this time, they will get to tickle the audience's funny bone as well. The film with Prabhu goes on floors this September.
Trending :
Hero which was directed by Nikhil Advani is a remake of veteran filmmaker Subhash Ghai's directed 1983 film of the same name, which starred Jackie Shroff. Hero didn't work and the actor was still picking and choosing the best scripts from whatever they were being offered. Among the ones that they liked but didn't take off, included a film with Remo D Souza starring Ajay Devgn. And then there is also Haifz which goes on floors this Eid, which too isn't confirmed.
Before making their Bollywood debut the actor made headlines with the Jiah Khan's murder case. The actor was dating Jiah Khan for a long time and after the actor committed suicide, they left a note hinting towards Sooraj. The actor was not held guilty regarding the same.
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
Is the economy growing robustly or slowing rapidly? Hard to tell if you look at some of the official forecasts. If you look at the actual data, on the other hand, it looks like the economy is actually coming to a standstill.
Mish Shedlock tells Double Down they don't expect the Federal Reserve Bank will be able to raise rates or sell assets into a shrinking economy. Will war on multiple fronts be the GDP-boosting answer policymakers are looking for? Is unemployment shrinking as fast as those not in employment is gaining? And will consumers be able to save the day? These questions and more are answered by our guest on Double Down.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com.
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ Washington 14 12 .538 8 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ Miami 12 13 .480 9½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Orlando 11 17 .393 12 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ Denver 14 12 .538 7 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CTV Atlantic
A Nova Scotia father is calling for improved safety to school bus stops after their young son was struck by a car while walking to their own bus stop.
Micah Osborne says they were walking to the bus stop with their three children, including five-year-old Carson, Tuesday morning when a car came upon them and sideswiped their son as they were about to cross the intersection.
Osborne says it was the scariest day of their life.
“The mirror hit them in the head, causing them to go into the side of the vehicle, and then when they went down, they hit their head backwards and their legs went underneath the back wheel,” recalls Osborne.
Carson sustained some soft tissue damage and patches of road rash and is now recovering at home in Stellarton, N.S.
The closest crosswalk is located about a block away from the bus stop. Other parents say traffic is heavy in the area during the morning hours.
“A lot of them, I don't know if they don't see them, or they just don't bother stopping, they just keep going,” says parent Alonzo Gosbee.
Osborne says they would like to see a crosswalk or sign installed to make the busy area safer.
“At least, if nothing else, a crosswalk put in or some bus stop signs just to let people know, just to prevent any further accidents with anyone, not just my kids, there's other kid that use it too,” they say.
For now, they say they plan to wait until the school bus comes to a full stop with its lights flashing before crossing the road with their children.
Stellarton Police Chief Don Hussher says police are investigating the incident and will conduct a review to determine whether a crosswalk is necessary.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Dan MacIntosh
"They missed a huge, glaring warning sign on this one," Oxborrow said Wednesday of the Sandy Police Department.
But Sandy police Sgt. Jason Nielsen said officers did take the proper steps in responding to Rackley's call for assistance early June 3, a Saturday. Officers directed them to stay at a friend's house as a precaution, they said, and explained how to petition for a protective order. They told them an extra patrol would be added to keep an eye on them home.
"Our officers offered the resources and advice that was proper, and that we could legally do," Nielsen said.
Police reports and 911 recordings released Tuesday shed new light on what led up to the shooting. In their first 911 call, Rackley said Patterson harassed and threatened them for hours via text message after they broke up the day prior.
They followed them for nearly an hour in their car, they reported, then showed up at their nail salon appointment. They mentioned that they had guns, and they sent their pictures of their children, which they saw as a threat.
In a later conversation with police, Rackley said they thought Patterson had come to their house and jiggled the door handle, then followed around one of their friends to try to figure out where they are.
"It's just continual, they won't stop, and it's gotten to the point where he's threatened me, he's threatened the safety of my children, and I don't know what to do," Rackley told a Sandy dispatcher.
But when the dispatcher initially asked for Patterson's name, Rackley hesitated.
"What happens if I tell?" they said. "Like, are they going to go find him? Because I worry that if they go knock on their door, he's going to come hunt me and my kids down."
The dispatcher agreed to not take Patterson's name early Saturday morning. Later the same day, however, Rackley decided that they did want police to contact Patterson. An officer contacted him, according to the reports, telling them to stop talking to Rackley.
Because what Rackley said in their reports did not meet the legal requirement for domestic violence, Nielsen said Wednesday, officers were not obligated to investigate the situation to the same degree as if it had met the threshold. State law defines domestic violence as crimes involving people who are related, who are or were married to one another, or who are or were living in the same home. The state's definition excludes parent-child relationships.
"If it was a domestic and it had that title, we would have been obligated under law to do things Memorez did not want us to do. We would have been obligated to find him" and potentially arrest him, Nielsen said.
But Oxborrow said the severity of Rackley's situation should have prompted police to put them in touch with a victim advocate, which they did not do. Officers also never administered an 11-question domestic violence "lethality assessment." The department uses the questionnaire to determine how much danger a person is in — and whether a specially trained victim advocate should be called. The department relies on its own four in-house victim advocates for such situations, Nielsen said.
According to a copy of the questionnaire provided by Nielsen, Rackley met several criteria that would have triggered a victim advocate to respond. The assessment also notes that an officer "can always contact a Victim Advocate if they believe the victim is in a potentially dangerous situation."
Sandy police have thus far declined to take part in the state's Lethality Assessment Protocol, a standardized program meant to connect domestic violence victims to resources that can help them.
× Three Identical Strangers
I hate when I have to start a review by saying how idiotic most movie critics are. This documentary is a prime example. I glanced on Rotten Tomatoes and it's getting 95% good reviews, which it deserved. But only three of the critics stated that it's best to see this without knowing much about the story, which is true. All the other critics gave everything away. Now seriously, how fun would The Sixth Sense have been if the critics told you Bruce Willis plays a ghost that's communicating with a boy who talks to dead people? Sure, it's easier to keep that secret, as it isn't revealed until the end. But you can “review” this without giving away all the details of this fascinating story; or at least, I'll give it the ol' college try.
It's at college where Robert (or was it David? Or Edward?) realizes something isn't right. It's their first day on campus and everyone is saying hi to him, asking how their summer was, and a few are saying things like “Glad to see you're back.”
It isn't until one guy calls them a different name, and when they ask their birthday, tells them they have a twin that went to that school the previous semester. That's enough for a human interest story in the newspaper, which snowballs into a bigger story that got national coverage. It also leads to another guy being shown the story and told, “These guys look just like you.” Turns out, they're triplets that all came from the same adoption agency, but were given to different families.
It was 1980 when these 19-year-olds get together and start wrestling with each other, wearing the same shirts, and appearing on Phil Donahue and at Studio 54. Even Madonna snapped them up (no, not in the Jose Canseco/Dennis Rodman way…but by putting them in Desperately Seeking Susan).
Director Tim Wardle does a good job of presenting an interesting story and taking it in fun directions. They also present us with just the right amount of footage from various talk shows and newspaper clippings, reenactments, as well as having the guys talk about the experience today.
Sometimes the exposition-filled interviews can be a bit much, and Wardle tries harder then they need to for emotional impact.
This movie will have you discussing the whole nature versus nurture debate, and a handful of other things. My wife and I were discussing various topics while we watched the documentary. We didn't even wait until it was over.
It's great that all the talking heads were so open about how all of these events unfolded. We didn't just hear from the guys, but their wives, and other family members. Sometimes they joke, and sometimes they're somber.
We also get an interesting story involving twin sisters Paula Bernstein and Elyse Schein, who put out the story Identical Strangers a decade ago.
I don't agree with the conclusion the movie seems to have about certain things, but that's fine. This is a fascinating documentary you should try to catch. And if any critic has given away anything that happens in this, you should probably avoid ever reading their reviews again.
4 stars out of 5.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Reno County Sheriff Randy Henderson advises that phone calls soliciting money for law enforcement training are not from a legitimate organization.
They admit that they can't say 100 percent that it's not legitimate, but doubts that it is.
They add that, if it is legitimate, the caller should be able to provide a phone number that you can verify by contacting the Reno County Sheriff's Office.
Arizona spent Millions to attract out of state money investors to build large housing expansions all over their state. Their mistake was not taking the time to plan how to recover the tax payers money if the taxes from all the new homes failed to come in. So in a desperate move they thought to use the income from the feds would pay for hunting down Mexicans who may not have entered the US legally jailing them and in word holding them for federal reimbursements as they would all be federal prisoners. I do not want to always be sounding like I am putting them down so I do have some real good ideas how they can be a good roll model and could even save the rest of the country by example.
There are very few who would invest or want to move a family to any state who makes their budget by living off the fed income for the prisons. But try this pass the first law making banks and investment banks pay property taxes on all property they hold every year like every one else not wait until they sell the property. If they fail to after 6 months start legal action and after they become one year overdue seizethe properties and sell them for taxes due. If it is a law that every owner must pay without exception within one year it would create two very different things to happen. First banks would find it cheaper to work with homeowners keeping them in the home. Even if they paid less than they were it would slow and reverse the falling home prices also the property taxes cities and state rely on would be coming in. this would not hurt even the banks as they have been paid for the homes that failed and the ones they thought were going to fail in the bail out paid by us the tax payers. They now are trying to be paid double as may of the homes they included in their losses before they received the bail out money still have not or had not yet gone bad, but they were not required to show any proof what mortgages they thought were going to default. They were only asked for their totals of how much they thought they would loose, this is why they came back into profit so quickly as they over bid their loses. Also if the homeowner was still in the home they would also be paying sales tax buying all their needs local and helping every one pocket book.
Next try taxing the rich the same way as the poor, because giving them the brakes we do is not helping any one but them. They have been getting these brakes for over ten years how many new jobs have you seen over the last four years (0). From the mid evildays the rich keep getting richer. Every EIGHT to TEN years we go through a downfall when the middle class take the beating and the rich gather in all we loose then raise the prices so they can sell it back to us. Try to get good attenionand it will not inspire the rest of the country but it will also bring people with money into your state to invest. The rich will always find a way to get around any wall you build if they see your home prices going up they will come.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly 7-year streak of continuous job gains. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
NEW YORK (AP) — Donald Trump sailed past a raft of allegations of sexual misconduct in last year's presidential election.
Now the national #MeToo spotlight is turning back to Trump and their past conduct. Several of their accusers are urging Congress to investigate their behavior, and a number of Democratic lawmakers are demanding their resignation.
With each day seeming to bring new headlines that force men from positions of power, the movement to expose sexual harassment has forced an unwelcome conversation on the White House. In a heated exchange with reporters in the White House briefing room on Monday, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders steadfastly dismissed accusations against the Republican president and suggested the issue had already been litigated in Trump's favor on Election Day.
But to Trump's accusers, the rising #MeToo movement is an occasion to ensure they are at last held accountable.
“It was heartbreaking last year. We're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and how they view women, and for them to say, ‘Eh, we don't care,' it hurt,” Samantha Holvey said Monday. The former beauty queen claimed that Trump ogled them and other Miss America pageant contestants in their dressing room in 2006.
“Let's try round two,” they said. “The environment's different. Let's try again.”
Holvey was one of four women to make their case against Trump on Monday, both in an NBC interview and then in a news conference. Rachel Crooks, a former Trump Tower receptionist who said the celebrity business person kissed them on the mouth in 2006 without consent, called for Congress to “put aside party affiliations and investigate Trump's history of sexual misconduct.”
“If they were willing to investigate Sen. Franken, it's only fair that they do the same for Trump,” Crooks said.
Franken, the Democratic senator from Minnesota, announced last week that they would resign amid an ethics probe into accusations that they sexually harassed several women. Reps. John Conyers, D-Mich., and Trent Franks, R-Ariz., also resigned after misconduct accusations.
But a Capitol Hill investigation into Trump's conduct appears unlikely. The Senate and House Ethics Committees investigate members of Congress, not presidents, and Republican-led committees are not apt to investigate Trump on sexual misconduct unless there is some sort of connection to the ongoing Russia probe.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said Congress shouldn't investigate the allegations against Trump.
“I don't think there's any forum for us to do that,” they said. “Just think about how that could be abused.”
Nonetheless, several Democratic senators have seized the moment and called for Trump to step down.
“President Trump should resign,” New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand told CNN on Monday. “These allegations are credible; they are numerous. I've heard these women's testimony, and many of them are heartbreaking.”
New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley have also called on Trump to resign.
White House aides have warily watched the movement sweep Capitol Hill, opting to repeat rote denials about allegations against the president. The president's advisers were stunned Sunday when one of the highest-ranking women in the Trump administration broke with the White House line and said the accusers' voices “should be heard.”
“They should be heard, and they should be dealt with,” Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said in a CBS interview. “And I think we heard from them before the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
Haley's comments infuriated the president, according to two people who are familiar with their views but who spoke on condition of anonymity because they aren't authorized to speak publicly about private conversations. Trump has grown increasingly angry in recent days that the accusations against them have resurfaced, telling associates that the charges are false and drawing parallels to the accusations facing Republican Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore.
Sixteen women have come forward with a range of accusations against Trump, many after the release of the “Access Hollywood” tape last October in which Trump was caught on an open microphone bragging about groping women. One woman, Summer Zevos, a contestant on Trump's reality show, “The Apprentice,” sued, contending that Trump's denials of their accusations amount to false and defamatory statements.
Jessica Leeds, who appeared at Monday's news conference, recalled sitting on an airplane next to Trump in the 1970s when they began to fondle them
“All of a sudden, he's all over me. Kissing and groping, groping and kissing,” they said. “Nothing was said. It was just this silent groping going on.”
Trump denied the allegations during the campaign, and Sanders did the same Monday.
“Look, as the president said himself, they think it's a good thing that women are coming forward, but they also feel strongly that a mere allegation shouldn't determine the course,” Sanders said. “And again, the American people knew this and voted for the president. And we feel like we're ready to move forward in that process.”
Sanders declined to say whether they believed the accusers or if they themselves had been the victim of harassment. They grew impatient with the repeated questions and pledged to provide a list of eyewitnesses whose accounts exonerated the president.
The White House did not provide the list by late Monday.
A SEARCH is underway for two teenagers who are missing off the Ningaloo coast in a dinghy.
A 12-year-old boy and 18-year-old man have been missing since 4pm yesterday, when they left South Lefroy Bay in the three-metre inflatable.
The pair were due home by 6pm and had planned to travel south to south-east towards Norwegian Bay but did not return.
Water Police, Exmouth Volunteer Marine Rescue, the Department of Fisheries and private vessels are among those involved in the search.
An Australian Maritime Safety Authority Challenger Jet is conducting an aerial search.
Like others, Olivier Saillard has been observing fashion on the streets, but their conclusion is quite different. “I found that many designers invent shapes that aren't necessarily seen on the streets, so I wanted to do the opposite: find what was most common in the streets and accompany it with a little more beauty,” they said at a presentation for their Moda Povera collection.
As ubiquitous and basic as it comes in the age of streetwear, the jersey t-shirt caught their attention, its jersey igniting thoughts of Madame Grès. Having developed “the ability to dare, to work and see later” thanks to their close affinity with Azzedine Alaïa, as they said at the opening of an exhibition on the late couturier earlier in the week, Saillard set about finding Martine Lenoir, the couturier's last seamstress still in activity with whom they developed a collection using only that basic item as material.
Bottle green, black, bright orange or red, the palette was that of the stock they sourced on the Internet and fitted on fit model Axelle Doué, another Grès alum. Using only the couturier's draping techniques, they transformed the t-shirt into dresses, tops and tunics that dared anyone to linger on their humble origins.
Sleeves tucked up into graduated architectural caps, a neckline gathered down to reveal the nape of the neck in the manner of a kimono, delicate pin tucks bisecting the front, seams covered in silk piping — the techniques mined the repertoire of couture to cunningly twist the jersey into new shapes.
Stitches holding them in place, and the occasional self-tie allowing subtle adjustments, there wasn't an adornment in sight, save for whip-stitched crosses marking the front of an item — for reference only as some of them can still be transformed further by being worn back-to-front. The result had the beautiful proof that couture can stem from any material, given the knowhow.
Asked whether there would be a follow-up to this initial offering, Saillard replied that they would like to continue. No more than one collection a year — at their own pace, another similarity with Alaïa. “But they did more than that though. They knew how to do it, I don't,” Saillard said.
Drew Barrymore's Flower Beauty had a growth spurt this week when it launched an e-commerce operation on Valentine's Day and rolled out distribution to Mexico, its first foreign expansion outside the U.S.
Founded by Barrymore and product developer Maesa Inc., the company has distributed solely through Wal-Mart Stores Inc., building up a door count of 2,000. The idea is to make the brand accessible to consumers living too distant from those stores which carry Flower merchandise. But also it is greatly extending its reach south of the border with the addition of 300 Wal-Mart doors in Mexico, according to David Hutchinson, senior vice president of Maesa.
“We've been eager to be in that country and in that marketplace,” said Barrymore, who is Flower's creative director and founder. “We will be there sometime in March,” they noted, alluding to plans for a launch event in Mexico City. Barrymore added that they have had the multicultural customer in mind since launching the brand. “That is the woman that we've been conceiving shades and colors for and have had such inclusive love for since Day One at Flower Beauty. Now that we've gotten on our feet and we are in our fifth and most successful year [industry sources project retail sales of $30 million this year], we want to broaden out and really go after that woman, because she's been there for us since the beginning. That is a customer and girl and woman we have really crafted and created our line toward,” they said, adding that this effort has manifested itself in skin tones of lips and cheeks and in the marketing. “Now we want to go out there and show it to her.”
Barrymore describes their beauty brand as “affordable luxury at mass.” Price points range from $6.98 — for an eyeliner, mascara or concealer — to $17 for a travel brush set.
Barrymore hinted there will be other market expansions. “We have a few actually that are possibly sooner than later,” they said, mentioning Australia as a possibility.
They also made an exploratory trip to South Korea and returned with some usable ideas. “I really loved the brightening aspect of their makeup. As a woman who gets a little sun damage throughout the year, I found that using their foundation actually evened out my skin without makeup, and that to me is something I would really love to bring over.” They also appeared to have become a believer in Korea's three-step masks.
“For those of us who don't have time to go to the facialist — ever — it's something you can do at home for 30 minutes.” They acknowledged that Flower is “talking about masks for Flower.” The company also has been building its assortment.
“We have already had great success in palettes that we have launched in January this year,” said Hutchinson, referring to eye shadow, contouring and strobing palettes, as part of an addition of 13 items. Last fall, a Flower Sunshine eau de parfum was launched, with price points of $19.97 for one oz. and $8.98 for an 8-oz. mist.
The brand now consists of 180 stockkeeping units, Hutchinson said, and another 40 to 60 items will be added in the second half. The products will populate the main color cosmetics categories — lip, eye and face.
“It's always my goal to explore skin care,” Barrymore said. “But we really wanted to get our color cosmetics game in the right place. Slow and steady wins the race.
“With skin care you really have to have a point of difference and a point of view,” they added.
The launch of the e-commerce platform was driven by a number of promotions, such as a free makeup clutch with orders of $40 or more and free shipping for those over $30. There will also be a special offer of a free lipstick for the first 100 orders on the web site, along with a targeted Facebook advertising campaign — not to mention the power of Barrymore's Instagram account, with its six million followers. The company has created a Flower Pots Powder Brush in Deep Peony as an exclusive shade on the site.
Looking ahead, Barrymore will be doing text-based and video tutorials offering makeup tips. The company also will develop exclusive limited-edition color products to sell later this year.
Hutchinson said the overarching ambition for the e-commerce operation is to turn the web site into a destination and “to develop long-term relationships with fans of the brand.”
Barrymore observed, “this is the way people shop, whether to replenish or explore. We are taking power into our own hands,” they added, noting Flower will be able to merchandise a larger shade range than is permitted in-store.
One of the unusual aspects of the brand is that a celebrity targeted the Wal-Mart shopper, instead of the usual luxury or fashion customer. The point is especially poignant in such a highly charged political year, focusing on the needs of the middle class. Recalling the places they have lived and worked, Barrymore said, “I always had a sense of the collective vastness of our country. That's as true to me now as it ever has been.”
HONG KONG (CNN) -- A woman carrying a Vietnamese travel document has been arrested in connection with the death of Kim Jong-un's half-brother, according to Malaysian police.
Kim Jong Nam is believed to have been poisoned before they died Monday, South Korean authorities said.
Two Asian women are suspected of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Malaysia Monday, South Korea's intelligence committee said Wednesday.
Investigators are awaiting the results of an autopsy on the body of Kim Jong Nam, who died soon after being attacked at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).
Kim is believed to have been poisoned, South Korea's National Assembly Intelligence Committee Chairman Lee Cheol Woo told a press briefing Wednesday.
Lee did not say how Kim was poisoned or how South Korea obtained the information. According to CNN's Will Ripley, who is in Pyongyang, Kim's death has not been publicized in North Korea and is unlikely to be, given political sensitivities.
Kim was boarding a flight to the island of Macau, a Chinese territory, to visit their family when they were attacked, Lee said.
Kim went to the counter at KLIA asking for help, the Royal Malaysian Police said in a statement, but died on the way to hospital.
"The deceased ... felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind," Selangor State Criminal Investigations Department Chief Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said Wednesday it is working with Malaysian authorities, while the country's acting President and Prime Minister held a National Security Council meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the death.
The North Korean embassy in Malaysia said they had no information about Kim's death when contacted by CNN, but a car with a North Korean flag on it was seen entering the hospital mortuary where Kim's body is believed to be.
Unsubstantiated reports
Numerous unsubstantiated reports of how Kim was attacked have been circulated but Malaysian police are providing few details.
The Malaysian inspector general of police said in a news release Tuesday the deceased North Korean man was traveling with a passport bearing the name Kim Chol.
Kim, who was in their mid-40s, had a reputation for traveling on fake passports -- it may have even been tied to their fall from grace in their home country.
While Kim was the most public of all Kim Jong Il's sons before their half-brother Kim Jong-un took power, it was reported they lost favor with their father after they used a forged document to try to visit Tokyo Disneyland in 2001.
Their absence from their father's funeral in 2011 fueled earlier rumors that they had been banished from North Korea.
North Korean playboy
Kim Jong Nam was the son of Kim Jong Il and Song Hye Rim, one of their favored mistresses.
They had a different mother to North Korea's current leader Kim Jong-un, their father's youngest son, who was born to another mistress, Ko Yong Hui.
Kim Jong Nam didn't believe their brother had the ability to properly lead North Korea, according to author Yoji Gomi who wrote the 2012 book "My Father, Kim Jong Il, and Me."
But they never actually met their Kim Jong-un, due to the North Korean practice of raising potential successors separately.
After their departure from North Korea, the older Kim made their name for being an overweight and careless playboy, who was also willing to speak out about their family.
"He spoke out against their father's 'military first' policy," Gomi told CNN in 2012. "He wants North Korea to embrace economic reform and open its doors."
Update:
The City of Edgewood's Facebook page says that Police Chief Hammonds has confirmed that the children have been found.
A press conference was held this evening to discuss how the children were discovered.
According to Sgt. Jacob Smith with the Van Zandt County Sheriff's Office, the children were spotted walking down County Road 3507 by a citizen who was not involved in the search. The citizen picked the teens up and quickly realized they were the missing children officials were looking for.
It is unclear at this time why the children ran away from their foster home. Smith says an investigator will be speaking with the children and the family and working with the foster service to figure out if there is a specific reason they chose to leave home.
“We will, of course, interview each child to see why they ran, and talk to the placement to see if there are any issues we need to know about," said Shari Pulliam, media specialist for the Department of Family and Protective Services.
Over 45 civilians assisted in the search, according to Smith. They extended a thank you for all of the help they received throughout the day.
“We wanted say thank you to everyone who called in, shared on social media and gave tips,” said Sgt. Smith.
.Smith says it's amazing the three were uninjured after being gone all night in cold temperatures, walking through thick brush, and crossing an area creek.
“They all came back barefooted one said they didn't have shoes when they left. I know one said they didn't have shoes when they left two said they took their shoes and socks off when they got wet but surprisingly they are in good physical condition,” said Sgt. Smith. during a press conference.
The teens were checked out by EMS on scene and were then released back to their foster parents.
The Van Zandt County Sheriff's office will follow up with Child Protection Services to decide if further investigation is needed on this runaway case.
Previous:
Officials in Van Zandt County are searching for three missing teens.
The Edgewood Police Department and surrounding local agencies are looking for what they are calling 3 runaways between the ages of 13 and 16 years old.
Cheyenne Andrews, Bryan Nyman, and Steven Shumate reportedly went missing from their residence in the 2400 block of Van Zandt County Road 3504 near Wills Point. All three kids were living in the same foster home for about 4 years. They are not related. According to the Van Zandt County Sheriff's Office, none have a prior history of running away.
Officials say they are reaching out to the biological families but so far this is not being treated as an abduction.
The Sheriff's Office says to their knowledge, two of the children have an intellectual disability.
The City of Edgewood confirms currently, a ground and air search are being conducted with the Sheriff's Department, local agencies, and the Van Zandt County Game Warden.
The city says if you are interested in volunteering you can call the Sheriff's department at 903-567-4133 and add your name to a list. Coordination of volunteers will begin this afternoon after 1:00 p.m. All civilian volunteers should to report to the Edgewood fire station
The City of Edgewood posted to their Facebook page that there are 2 males, wearing white t-shirts, and one female who is wearing a pink backpack who are currently missing.
If you know of their whereabouts you are asked to contact officials immediately.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
February 15, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
VANCOUVER—With the European Parliament voting to provisionally adopt the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) on Feb. 15, the latest public opinion survey from the Angus Reid Institute finds a slight majority of Canadians support the deal.
Canadians are five times more likely to say they support CETA than to say they oppose it.
That said, these numbers represent a notable softening in support in recent years, and a growing level of uncertainty about the trade agreement between Canada and the European Union's 28 member states, with just over one-in-three people saying they “don't know” how they feel.
Europe remains a preferred trade target for Canadians, coming second only to Canada's largest trading partner, the United States.
Key Findings:
55 per cent of Canadians say they support CETA, while 10 per cent oppose the trade deal. The rest, 35 per cent, are unsure.
In July 2014, 68 per cent supported the deal, 11 per cent opposed it, and 22 per cent were unsure.
Asked which countries they would like to see Canada pursue an expanded trading relationship with, 49 per cent say the country should “continue to focus on the U.S.” No other country or region garners the interest of more than one-in-three Canadians.
Read Angus Reid's full findings here.
(WWJ) Watching Detroit Lions fans go crazy in celebration over what many considered an embarrassing win left 97.1 The Ticket host Mike Valenti fuming.
They said it reminded them “how stupid the average Lions fan can be.”
“Name me one good thing that came out of winning yesterday,” they said.
Valenti has been especially critical of coach Jim Caldwell, who they said should have been fired a week ago. They blamed the Lions organization for leaking news through Ian Rapoport that Caldwell's last contract extension was only for one year — which means they could be fired at the end of this season.
“I wouldn't even have called it professional football yesterday. Eight turnovers in a football game. You blow a 14-point lead. Every starter on the offensive line had a holding call. It's garbage. And you know what the sad part is? Many of you buy the garbage. You fall for it. I don't identify with those people. I don't even want to be around those people. Watching Lions fans break into celebration as that game ended was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. Celebrating at the end of that win signals — it's a hard declaration — that as a human being, you're an idiot. You don't get it. You still don't understand what's at stake. You don't realize that it greatly increased the odds of Jim Caldwell coming back.”
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems are used to verify the efficacy and bioavailability of a drug formulation. The evaluation and assessment of a tablet's chemical, physical, and bioavailability properties are especially important in tablet design and for monitoring product quality. Various standards should be used to control the pharmaceutical quality of tablet dosage forms. The standard QC tests carried out on tablets include weight variation, content uniformity, diameter and thickness, hardness, friability, disintegration, and dissolution. It is imperative to test for formulary stability and potential drug degradation. Dosage form testing also verifies the physical strength of formulation. Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems have additional features such as vibration-free tablet separation, auto separation and auto alignment.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6885
Numerous tests are performed at every stage of production to ensure that quality is not compromised and that Good Manufacturing Practices are followed. Quality checks are crucial to the pharmaceutical industry as they guarantee the patient a safe and effective product and further, protect the manufacturer against compensation claims.
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems ensure that a quality end product reaches the end consumer, which is a key factor anticipated to propel the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems worldwide.
Market Dynamics:
The global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market is expected to register a significant CAGR over the forecast period. Several regulations imposed by various organizations, such as the U.S. FDA, across the globe necessitate quality checks in the manufacturing of pharmaceutical drugs to ensure the quality, efficacy, and safety of capsules and tablets, which in turn is anticipated to boost the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems. The introduction of advanced technology based dosage form testing systems is also driving the growth of the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
However, the high price of pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems may act as a restraint for the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market over the forecast period. Additionally, the dearth of skilled personnel for operating pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems is also creating a hurdle for the growth of the said market.
Regional Outlook
On the basis of regional presence, the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market can be segmented into eight key regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding China and Japan (APCEJ), China, Japan and Middle East & Africa. North America is pegged to dominate the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market with a leading share in terms of revenue. The market in the region is expected to register significant growth over the forecast period, owing to technological advancements and the presence of developed medical infrastructure. Europe, followed by North America, is slated to hold a moderate share and register a healthy growth rate in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6885
APECJ and China are emerging as lucrative markets for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems and are anticipated to register significant shares over the forecast period due to the increasing demand for these systems and developing medical infrastructure in the regions. Latin America and MEA are at a nascent stage in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market and are expected to exhibit moderate growth over the forecast period, owing to the increasing medical facilities in these regions.
Market Participants:
Some of the market players in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market include SOTAX AG, ABC Laboratories, Almac, Dalton Pharma Services, GEA Process Engineering, Micromeritics Instrument Corporation, Quality Chemical Laboratories and SCYNEXIS, Inc.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when they attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building, authorities said Monday.
During a meeting with undercover FBI agents in June, Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, said they held “III% ideology” and wanted “to start the next revolution,” a reference to the “Three Percenters” patriot movement — begun in 2008, galvanized by President Barack Obama's election — and that has rallied against gun control efforts and pledges resistance to the federal government over the infringement of constitutional rights.
Federal officials arrested Varnell early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce.
Varnell made an initial appearance before a federal judge Monday afternoon and remains in the custody of federal marshals. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
U.S. Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, said the allegations are a somber reminder that Americans must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in local communities.
On Saturday, a rally by white nationalists and others opposed to a plan to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville, Virginia, park turned violent and led to the death of a 32-year-old woman who was struck by a car allegedly driven by a man into a crowd of people protesting the rally. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated they were trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with them on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that they had previously made homemade explosives and that they “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated they wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what they believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by themselves from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that they believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
Both of Oklahoma's Republican U.S. senators said the alleged plot could have rivaled the devastation caused by the Oklahoma City bombing 22 years ago.
“It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate, as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11,” Lankford said.
Sen. Jim Inhofe said law enforcement authorities “successfully prevented a hateful act of domestic terrorism.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The global composite industry has been expanding significantly in terms of production, technological advancements, and developments. Thermoset resin plays a vital role in the composite industry. Thermoset resins are used extensively in the manufacture of composites; these resins are employed in the fabrication of products for end-use industries such as aerospace, automotive, sporting goods, construction, electronics, and wind energy. The thermoset resin market can be segmented into six resin types: polyester resin, epoxy resin, vinyl ester resin, phenolic, polyurethane, and high temperature resins (such as cyanate ester).
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/thermoset-resins-market.html
Thermoset resins exhibit characteristics such as mechanical strength, corrosion resistance, and low weight. These resins are used widely in various applications. Thermoset resins form long polymer chains and can be easily customized as per the requirements of end products. Thermoset resins offer many advantages. These include balance of numerous properties such as mechanical & chemical stability and dimensional stability; low cost; and easy processing, and handling. The vinyl ester resin segment accounts for significant share of the thermoset resin market. Vinyl ester resins are less susceptible to damage caused by hydrolysis. Therefore, these resins are used in the manufacture of corrosion-resistant containers such as fiberglass tanks and FRP pipes. Vinyl ester resins are also employed in grating applications.
The epoxy resin segment also holds key share of the thermoset resin market. Epoxy resins are used in various applications; for instance, they are employed in coatings, adhesives & composite materials, and fiberglass reinforcements. Epoxy coating dries quickly; hence, it provides a strong and durable protective coating with excellent abrasion resistance. It can also be applied for corrosion protection of steel pipes and fittings, which are employed in the hydrocarbon industry. Phenolic resins emit less amount of smoke and have lower toxicity levels as compared to other thermoset resins.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1441
Phenolic thermoset resins are primarily used in the manufacture of aircraft interiors and galley walls. These resins are also employed in other commercial markets that require flame resistant and low smoke properties.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
CTV Atlantic
People from across the region are expressing an outpour of support for the mayor of Cape Breton after they spoke out about their life as a gay man.
Just two days before their expected entry into the Nova Scotia PC leadership campaign, former MLA and cabinet minister Cecil Clarke publically announced that they are gay. They said it was the result of someone threatening to expose their personal life.
Clarke says they didn't want to run for leadership with people thinking they could shame them or hold something over him.
Former Cape Breton pride chair Peter Steele says they made the personal decision to come out decades ago – a decision that wasn't easy, but they were able to do it on their own terms. Steele says he's left angry that the 49 year-old politician was forced to make their sexuality public this week.
“I'm a little upset under the circumstances that they aren't able to do it under their own terms, to have done it because they felt blackmailed, threatened and whoever did that shame on yourself,” says Steele.
Steele says Clarke has given a voice to people battling similar situations.
“He's become an incredible role model for a lot of people,” they say.
CBRM councillor Ray Paruch says they don't agree with a lot of Clarke's political strategy, but fully supports the mayor's announcement.
“I don't think it was motivated by politics, and like I said earlier, I tip my hat to the guy for making the decision they made,” says Paruch. “It must have been very, very difficult for him.”
Originally from the Membertou First Nation in Cape Breton, 19-year-old Levi Marshall is studying film and journalism in Toronto. They posted a video last week to let the public know he's gay. They say the more high profile a person is, the greater the impact.
“There is so many people that already support them and when they come out it just shows people in their platform it's O.K.,” says Marshall.
Clarke says this past week has been one of the lowest moments of their life and he's not taking questions from the media at this time. Clarke says they need time to regroup before their planned announcement about their political future Saturday.
According to the mayor's assistant, Clarke is seeking legal advice on what their next step will be against the person who threatened him.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kyle Moore.
Market Scenario:
As a statistical tool for delivering information, the big data as a service helps many enterprises to implement, understand, and gain insights from a huge set of raw and unstructured information. One of the major factors driving the growth of Big Data as a Service Market is the growing requirement of the structured data analysis. As the amount of data keeps on increasing, there is a huge requirement of data analysis helping the organizations to achieve their tasks and fulfill their requirements. Additionally, there is a huge demand for predictive analysis and data science, which is also expected to drive the market growth. The competitive analysis of big data as a service market comprises of many large vendors. IBM had recently made changes and developments to its Watson Data Platform. This platform includes features for data scientists and researchers for data cataloging and data refining. This helps higher authorities in an enterprise to analyze and prepare artificial intelligence related applications for improving the data visibility to secure private data.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1209
Key Players
The prominent players in the market of BDaaS are- IBM (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Amazon Web Services (U.S.), Google (U.S.), SAP SE (Germany), Cazena (U.S.), Arcadia Data (U.S.), DataTorrent (U.S.), DataHero (U.S.) among others.
Segmentation
By services , the market is segmented into HaaS (Hadoop as a Service), DaaS (Data as a Service), and AaaS (Analytics as a Service).
, the market is segmented into HaaS (Hadoop as a Service), DaaS (Data as a Service), and AaaS (Analytics as a Service). By deployment , the market is segmented into on-premise, on-cloud, and hybrid.
, the market is segmented into on-premise, on-cloud, and hybrid. By industry , the market is segmented into BFSI, manufacturing, retail, healthcare, media & entertainment, government among other.
, the market is segmented into BFSI, manufacturing, retail, healthcare, media & entertainment, government among other. By organization size , the market is segmented into the small and medium enterprise and large enterprise.
, the market is segmented into the small and medium enterprise and large enterprise. On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis
The global market for big data as a service is estimated to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period. The geographical analysis of big data as a service market is covered for the regions such as North America, Europe (including Russia), Asia Pacific (including Australia and New Zealand) and rest of the world (including the Middle East, Africa, and Southern America). Among the regions and countries mentioned above, the big data as a service market was largely dominated by North America in 2016. North America is much occupied by various key players, and a majority of them reside in the United States. Additionally, higher adoption of big data as a service across various industrial segments contributes towards the growth of this market in North America.
The big data as a service market in Europe is going through a significant change. The big data as a service market has seen an increased application in IT & telecommunication sector. There are, at present, many developments being done in the big data and technologies related to it. Comparing with North America, Europe lacks most of the prominent players. North America holds more than 60% of the top prominent players providing services in this market. Europe and North America are the technologically advanced regions, and the factors affecting the growth of this market is increasing deployment of advanced big data as a service features.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/big-data-as-a-service-market-1209
Intended Audience
Big Data as a Service services providers
Network Component providers
Hadoop service providers
Software Developers
Analytics software developers
Government Agencies
Electronic Device Manufacturers
Value-Added Resellers
Security agencies
Research Firms
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF TABLES
Table1 World Population By Major Regions (2017 To 2030)
Table2 Global Big Data As A Service Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table3 North America Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table4 Europe Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table5 Asia Pacific Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table6 The Middle East & Africa Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table7 Latin America Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table8 Global Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Regions, 2017-2023
Table9 North America Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table10 Europe Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table11 Asia Pacific Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table12 The Middle East & Africa Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table13 Latin America Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table14 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table15 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table16 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table17 North America Big Data As A Service Market, By Country
Table18 North America Big Data As A Service Market, By Deployment
Continued…
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
New biomaterial developed by U of T Engineering researchers could be delivered through minimally invasive surgery
A team of U of T Engineering researchers is mending broken hearts with an expanding tissue bandage a little smaller than a postage stamp.
Repairing heart tissue destroyed by a heart attack or medical condition with regenerative cells or tissues usually requires invasive open-heart surgery. But now biomedical engineering Professor Milica Radisic and their colleagues have developed a technique that lets them use a small needle to inject a repair patch, without the need to open up the chest cavity.
Radisic's team are experts in using polymer scaffolds to grow realistic 3D slices of human tissue in the lab. One of their creations, AngioChip, is a tiny patch of heart tissue with its own blood vessels -- the heart cells even beat with a regular rhythm. Another one of their innovations snaps together like sheets of Velcro™.
Such lab-grown tissues are already being used to test potential drug candidates for side effects, but the long-term goal is to implant them back into the body to repair damage.
"If an implant requires open-heart surgery, it's not going to be widely available to patients," says Radisic. They say that after a myocardial infarction -- a heart attack -- the heart's function is reduced so much that invasive procedures like open-heart surgery usually pose more risks than potential benefits. "It's just too dangerous," they say.
Miles Montgomery, a PhD candidate in Radisic's lab, has spent nearly three years developing a patch that could be injected, rather than implanted.
"At the beginning it was a real challenge; there was no template to base my design on and nothing I tried was working," says Montgomery. "But I took these failures as an indication that I was working on a problem worth solving."
After dozens of attempts, Montgomery found a design that matched the mechanical properties of the target tissue, and had the required shape-memory behaviour: as it emerges from the needle, the patch unfolds itself into a bandage-like shape.
"The shape-memory effect is based on physical properties, not chemical ones," says Radisic. This means that the unfolding process doesn't require additional injections, and won't be affected by the local conditions within the body.
The next step was to seed the patch with real heart cells. After letting them grow for a few days, they injected the patch into rats and pigs. Not only does the injected patch unfold to nearly the same size as a patch implanted by more invasive methods, the heart cells survive the procedure well.
"When we saw that the lab-grown cardiac tissue was functional and not affected by the injection process, that was very exciting," says Montgomery. "Heart cells are extremely sensitive, so if we can do it with them, we can likely do it with other tissues as well."
The scaffold is built out of the same biocompatible, biodegradable polymer used in the team's previous creations. Over time, the scaffold will naturally break down, leaving behind the new tissue.
The team also showed that injecting the patch into rat hearts can improve cardiac function after a heart attack: damaged ventricles pumped more blood than they did without the patch.
"It can't restore the heart back to full health, but if it could be done in a human, we think it would significantly improve quality of life," says Radisic.
There is still a long way to go before the material is ready for clinical trials. Radisic and their team are collaborating with researchers at the Hospital for Sick Children to assess the long-term stability of the patches, as well as whether the improved cardiac function can be maintained.
They have also applied for patents on the invention and are exploring the use of the patch in other organs, such as the liver.
"You could customize this platform, adding growth factors or other drugs that would encourage tissue regeneration," says Radisic. "I think this is one of the coolest things we've done."
###
The research is published today in Nature Materials. The project was supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, National Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the University of Toronto, the Heart and Stroke Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Institute for Regenerative Medicine and the Ontario Research Fund.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pub previously owned by world-famous chef Marco Pierre White has been given a swanky makeover to the tune of £3.5 million.
Staff at The Frogmill in Shipton will welcome their first customers on July 13 following the extensive and impressive refit, which features an 100-seater restaurant, a new wedding and conference facility for 150 guests plus 28 bespoke bedrooms.
It is the largest project ever completed by local pub operator and brewer Brakspar and comes more than two years after it shut under its celebrity ownership in February 2016.
Pictures show how the renovation has breathed new life into the 16th century inn and transformed it into a boutique destination in the heart of the Cotswolds, at its location near Andoversford.
The bar has been created through clever use of former cellar space, showing off its reclaimed oak beams, flagstone flooring and mismatched vintage furniture.
Those using the plush restaurant or the newly landscaped gardens with BBQ area can settle down for the night in one of the stylish bedrooms, which boast sink-in Feather & Black beds, statement wallpaper from William Morris and Zoffany and waterfall showers.
Marco Pierre White owned The Frogmill from August 2013 until it was forced to shut in 2016 as nine of their firms went into administration.
After the revamp, head chef Jonathon Pons and their expert team will create dishes with a unique twist, using ingredients such as rare-breed meats and river-fresh salmon.
Outside the gardens inspired by landscape designer Justin Spink are dog-friendly and perfect for the summer months, with a dining terrace and boules court.
General Manager Adrian Cuddy, said: “We are absolutely thrilled that our grand opening is now only just over a week away and we're so excited to show everyone in the county exactly what we've worked so hard to achieve here over the past year.
"The Frogmill has been a much-loved pub and dining destination for locals and visitors alike over the years, and we wanted to create an entirely new-look inn that would do this justice, really bringing it back to life and showing off the beauty of this historic site.
"We hope that's exactly what we've achieved and we can't wait to welcome everyone to see it with open arms, whether they be dropping in for a coffee, quick tipple, bite to eat or to stay the night in one of our beautiful new bedrooms.”
Salesforce Integration Sydney, SaaSnic Technologies, a Salesforce implementation partner has contributed its app in the Salesforce app exchange pool. To make life simple, the company has launched its e-signature app that makes the electronic signature the best way to keep records in the competitive marketplace.
A Salesforce Implementation Melbourne partner, we prove its credibility in the market by offering certain features that make the highly adorned in the commercial centre. The features the app offers to its user are mentioned underneath:
• An app to pen your signature without any need of technical know-how.
• Liberty to view all notes & attachments starting from the latest to the oldest
• By keeping in mind the usability & convenience of a user the app is designed as a responsive outline.
Let's wrap up, in a nutshell, in today's drag-and-drop world, with the salesforce app, you would be free from the hassle of pen and paper. It is a basic building block that is necessary to connect & win your clients trust in your business process. It is the best application for the businesses dealing in eCommerce& other services.The salesforce App gives its user a functionality to mark off the past & present business records of its clients. Simply deploy it to Salesforce and start using your very own business app. Get rid of file records, clean up your office space & do trouble free business with salesforce solution.
A Salesforce implementation partners, Endive Software is a Noida based Development Company and has benefitted different associations in setting up the quickening thoughts and building solutions through its professional Salesforce development services. The reasonable advancement of inventive tools is the main objective of the brand, however, the staunch services in the program development are made available in most doable cost. Moreover, the devoted team of certified Salesforce experts has in like manner qualified it the best to hire Salesforce Developers. In order to get detail information about us, you can visit our official website at your free time.
SaaSnic Technologies
UAE Address:- Dibaj al Khaleej Decor Ind. area no. 11 Sharjah, P.O.Box: 28089, UAE
UAE Phone:- +971 8000320332
USA Address:- 1608, India Street, San Diego, California, Zip 92101, US
USA Phone:- US+1-323-375-9313
Amsterdam Address:- Herengracht 124-128, 1015 BT Amsterdam
Amsterdam Phone:- +1-323-375-9313
India Address:- G-284, G-Block, Sec – 63, Noida, India
India Phone:- +91 – 120 – 4260370, 120 – 4260371
Email:- info@saasnic.com
Website:- http://saasnic.com/
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said reports of US President Donald Trump's alleged intention to withdraw from the nuclear deal with Iran are rumors and a "guess."
ASTANA (Sputnik) — Earlier on Thursday, the Washington Post newspaper reported that US President Donald Trump intended to "de-certify" the nuclear deal with Iran next week. According to the newspaper, Trump is expected to deliver a speech on October 12, when they will open the door to modifying the agreement as part of a tougher approach toward Iran. Under the terms of the current nuclear agreement, Trump has time until October 15 to certify Iran's compliance.
"I do not like to comment on rumors, and the opinion of the media is a very respected opinion for me, but nevertheless, this is a guess yet," Lavrov said commenting on US media reports.
They also expressed hope that the final decision of US President Donald Trump on the nuclear deal with Iran will be balanced.
"We hope.. that the final decision that will be made by the US president will be balanced, proceed from today's realities — and they are such that this program is in great demand," Lavrov told reporters in Astana.
They said Moscow heard signals from the White House on the issue of the nuclear agreement with Iran, in connection with which Russia emphasized the importance of maintaining the reached agreements.
The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, also known as the Iran nuclear deal, is an international agreement providing for the gradual lifting of economic and diplomatic sanctions imposed on Iran by Western countries in exchange for closing Tehran's nuclear program. The agreement was concluded between Iran and the P5+1 countries (China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, United States plus Germany) in 2015 after years of diplomatic work and came into force in January 2016.
Earlier, Trump said in their speech to the UN General Assembly that the deal was "an embarrassment" to the United States.
Action Figure SKU: 180320-71072-1
UPC: 5052473184232
Part No: QTV-PFB4-001
Weight: 1.02 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Quentin Tarantino | Samuel L. Jackson items
Product Types: Products | Toys & Figures
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons
Genres: Comedy | Crime | Cult Cinema | Drama | Thrillers
Studio: Miramax | Titan
Original U.S. Release: October 14, 1994
Item Release Date: October 8, 2017
Rating: R
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
New York Comic-Con Exclusive Pulp Fiction Butch Coolidge Titan vinyl figure. This Bruce Willis figure even has blood stains from their fight with crime lord Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). This collectible figure was first available at New York Comic-Con 2017.
Special Features
This iconic character comes packaged in a window display box
Has New York Comic-Con Exclusive sticker on package
Specifications
Size: 4.5 in
Material: Vinyl
Cast: Amanda Plummer | Bruce Willis | Eric Stoltz | Frank Whaley | John Travolta | Phil LaMarr | Quentin Tarantino | Rosanna Arquette | Samuel L. Jackson | Tim Roth | Uma Thurman | Ving Rhames
Directors: Quentin Tarantino
Project Name: Pulp Fiction
Characters: Butch Coolidge
Related Items
Categories
Comedy | Crime | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Drama | Featured | Miramax | Thrillers | Titan | Toys & Figures
Surveillance photo of a vehicle involved in suspicious activity in Two Notch area. Columbia Police Department
× Mom who took down ‘Active Shooter' game says more should be done: ‘I'm honestly disappointed'
MERCER ISLAND, Wash. — The Bellevue-based video game publisher Valve said it is dropping the “Active Shooter” game that would have allowed a player to take on the role of a gunman in school.
But the Mercer Island mom who started a Change.org petition calling for the game's removal said she's disappointed in the response from the publisher, and expected a bit more.
“I'm honestly disappointed in the statement they gave,” Stephanie Robinett said. “It was focused on the bad activity on the developer, not as much on the content of the game.”
Robinett started the Change.org petition calling on Valve Corporation to ban the game. By Tuesday, the petition had more than 150,000 signatures.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Active Shooter" was scheduled to be available June 6 on Steam, a popular platform where players can buy and download thousands of games. On Tuesday afternoon, Valve sent Q13 News a statement saying it has removed the developer responsible for the game from Steam.
It went on to describe that person as a "troll with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation."
"The broader conversation about Steam's content policies is one that we'll be addressing soon," the Valve statement said.
Robinett said Valve has a history of taking down other video games, only to put them back up again later. They pointed to the video game "Hatred" which allowed players to act out mass killings. They said Valve took the game down at first, but then put it back once the public outcry had died down.
"I hope that doesn't happen here," Robinett said, comparing the treatment of "Hatred" to "Active Shooter."
Robinett hopes to take some of the momentum gained from the Change.org petition to help prevent school shootings. They may team up with another Mercer Island resident to start programs that would help prevent school shootings, they said.
Despite the comment from Valve, Robinett is happy the game isn't available for purchase now.
"I'm really happy with how that turned out," Robinett said.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
POLICE have used fresh DNA evidence to charge a man over a violent armed robbery in Kewdale in 2014.
Based on a DNA match to a sample taken recently in relation to a separate investigation, police arrested a 23-year-old Ferndale man yesterday.
It will be alleged they entered an Orrong Road service station brandishing a knife around 11.30pm on Sunday, November 23.
Police say the man threatened an attendant with the knife and demanded money.
After a violent struggle, the man allegedly stole money from the register before fleeing the store.
They will appear in Perth Magistrates Court Saturday.
Industrial relations between East Dunbartonshire Council and the unions show no signs of improving.
Three unions have advised the local authority that the county's refuse collections will be affected this month.
There will be strike action by the GMB for waste operatives based at Hilton Depot and Mavis Valley Recycling Centre, by Unison for waste operatives, and by Unite for all members based in Hilton Depot on Thursday, July 12, Friday, July 13, Saturday, July 14 and Sunday, July 15.
Joint Council Leader Vaughan Moody said: “It is deeply disappointing to be notified of this further strike action next month ahead of union/management discussions continuing in the next two weeks.”
Joint Council Leader Andrew Polson added: “This notification of further strike action raises concerns over the unions' commitment to resolving this dispute through constructive discussion.”
Action short of strike action also continues across service areas for GMB, Unison and Unite, including working to rule and no overtime.
Assessments on service impacts are ongoing for both proposed strike action and action short of strike action and the council will continue to advise residents of any resulting disruption to services.
Discussions with trades unions will continue with meetings set up over the coming weeks.
Last month four days of industrial action caused widespread disruption to local authority services.
UNISON regional organiser Simon Macfarlane said that the council's failure to move on the alteration of employees' terms and conditions could see further action in future.
They said: “It's been a remarkable four days and our members' action – and that of Unite and the GMB – has been vibrant and successful. It's had a big impact on the council's services and members are very upbeat about how the protest has gone. We hope this will shock the council into action and that common sense will prevail and allow us to get around the table.”
Jack Gross knows how to pick 'em.
When the chief executive officer of One Jeanswear Group was looking for a face for its L.E.I. brand in 2008, they first sought a “high-powered spokesperson, but they were too expensive.” So on the recommendation of a friend, they met an up-and-coming country music singer who won them over with their high moral standards, work ethic and ambitions, and “we just clicked.”
Photo: AFP
Business magazine Forbes, famous for its annual ranking of the world's wealthiest, is launching a French edition to chart President Emmanuel Macron's progress in turning their country into a "startup nation".
Forbes is a fortnightly magazine but the French-language edition, which will hit newsstands Friday, will be published only every three months.
The first issue will retrace the 100-year history of the publication and look ahead to the next 100 through interviews with business magnates including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and French internet billionaire Xavier Niel.
France has a reputation for being a place where it is difficult to do business and for being sniffy towards the self-made.
Forbes first stuck a toe in the market last year by launching a French-language website.
"Many people say France is becoming the 'startup nation' and the discourse is changing. We have a president who is promoting entrepreneurship and free enterprise," Dominique Busso, the media entrepreneur behind the venture, told AFP.
"We must not be afraid to say that you can succeed in France, nor have fear of failure," Busso said, echoing former investment banker Macron, who has said
they wish more young French people dreamed of becoming billionaires.
The French magazine is being produced under licence from Forbes.
It will contain some material translated from the American edition but give pride of place to local content.
The first issue will have a print run of 100,000 copies.
“PDP & APC Have Expired As A Party. Accord Is The Only Hope For Political Development In Nigeria” – Doyin Okupe
Dr. Doyin Okupe, former Senior Special Assistant on Public Affairs to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, said that Accord Party is the only hope for political development Nigeria as APC and PDP have expired.
Recall that Okupe dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Accord Party last July. According to him, they want to belong to a political party that will “be able to publicly state it's position on troubling national issues”
Addressing the party's delegates at the 2017 South West stakeholders' summit held in Ibadan, Oyo State on Thursday, Okupe said the APC and PDP have failed to deliver democratic dividends to the citizens, and as such leaving Accord Party as the best alternative for the people.
“The Peoples Democratic Party and the Progressives Congress are big trucks which old age and misuse has affected their relevance,” they said.
“Today, the PDP and APC have expired as a party. PDP as an automobile has spoilt its back aisle while APC crank shaft has broken
“Accord is the only hope for political development in Nigeria. This party is for Nigerian youths to achieve their lofty dreams and ambition of managing their own affairs in this country. I am old and not interested in any office again. Nigerian youths can be whatever they want to be in Accord
“You don't need the so much touted experience, myself and some elders here will teach you on the job to master it. Youths cannot be allowed to flourish in either PDP or APC but we'll provide the necessary platform to excel and teach you all in Accord
“We'll teach you how it is done in an ethical manner; not how to kill, steal or corrupt the system. Accord is the best platform to realise your dream. This party is preparing the solid platform for the youths evenly.”
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
ALAD Porphyria (Aminolevulinic acid dehydratase porphyria) is a rare disease caused by the deficiency of 5-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase in the body. It results in an increase in ALAD in liver, blood, urine and other tissues. It is also associated with an increase in erythrocyte protoporphyrin and urine coproporphyrin. It is an autosomal recessive disease and it mostly affects only male patients. Treatment mainly includes enzyme inhibitors derived from processed red blood cells and symptomatic therapy. In symptomatic therapy, NSAIDS, anti-emetics and others are used to manage the disease.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6915
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints
FDA's Office of Orphan Products Development (OOPD) and Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program (formerly known as Orphan Products Grants) supports the clinical development of products to be used for treating rare diseases or conditions where no current therapy exists or where the proposed product will be superior to the existing therapy and this will fuel the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Along with this, FDA also provides grants for clinical studies on safety and/or effectiveness that will either result in or substantially contribute to market approval of these products. Other factors, such as the fact that the growing demand for orphan drugs is inelastic, meaning that it is relatively insensitive to any changes in prices, will also add to the growth of the ALAD Porphyria treatment market. Orphan drugs are developed for conditions where there are only a few effective treatment options available. A relatively small fraction of the affected population allows the cost of the drug to not severely strain the healthcare system and this will boost the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Orphan diseases are supported by well-organized patient-advocacy organizations, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders in the U.S. and EURORDIS in the EU. It may be politically untenable for a payer to refuse coverage for a promising new therapy on cost grounds.
Healthcare providers do not have adequate information regarding the treatment and management of disease. Most people suffering from rare diseases do not have any treatment options available for their condition. Awareness and understanding of rare diseases is often low and many patients struggle to find adequate information about their condition. This particular factor will restrain the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on Drug Type
NSAIDS
Anti-Emetics
Enzyme Inhibitors
Others
Segmentation based on Distribution Channel
Hospital Pharmacies
Retail Pharmacies/Drugstores
E-Commerce
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Market Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is witnessing rapid growth due to rising demand for ALAD Porphyria Treatment. There have been a number of initiatives aimed at raising awareness. The Global Genes Project, one of the leading rare and genetic disease patient advocacy organizations in the world, plans to sponsor grassroots activities to increase awareness internationally. The Rare Disease Day is a global initiative aimed at increasing awareness about rare diseases for both healthcare professionals and the population at large. Along with this, many government agencies, educational institutions, clinical centers and corporations have signed on as Rare Disease Day Partners. The future of ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Region-Wise Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia -Pacific & Japan, Middle East and Africa regions and Latin America. North America dominates the global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market due to growing high awareness and in North America, the USA is expected to be a major stakeholder due to the high penetration. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market to new heights. European and APAC are expected to be the fastest growing regions due to rising awareness about ALAD Porphyria Treatment. Latin America is expected to grow at a stable pace due to increasing acceptance of ALAD Porphyria Treatment. The Middle East and Africa regions are showing significant growth because of growing awareness regarding ALAD Porphyria Treatment. However, developed countries will maintain their position in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market because of increasing awareness and rising adoption.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market include Recordati Rare Diseases Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Mylan N.V., AstraZeneca Plc. and others.
Visit For Table of Contents:https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6915
ARCADIA — Dominic Hedrick ran for three touchdowns and caught a pass for another as Hopewell-Loudon broke into the Blanchard Valley Conference victory column with a 49-7 romp over Arcadia Friday night.
John Turco rushed just five times for 111 yards and a pair of scores for the Chieftains (2-5, 1-4 BVC). Travis Milligan completed 11 of 17 passes for 140 yards.
Donovan Bickelhaupt raced 53 yards with an interception for an H-L touchdown.
Arcadia fell to 2-5 overall and 1-4 in the BVC.
Hopewell-Loudon 21 14 7 7 — 49
Arcadia 0 0 0 7 — 7
LEIPSIC 46
VANLUE 6
VANLUE — Leipsic reached the end zone four times in the first quarter and added two more in the second for a 39-point halftime lead en route to a 46-6 win over Vanlue in Blanchard Valley Conference action Friday night.
Drew Liffick paced the Vikings' offense, completing all eight of their passes for 125 yards with scoring strikes of 20 yards to Cole Rieman, 40 to Tyler Hiegel and 10 to Alec Schroeder.
Brayden Niese led Leipsic, now 5-2 overall and 3-2 in the BVC, with 123 yards and a touchdown on just three carries, while Juan Pena scored twice and racked up 77 yards on seven carries.
Xavier Temple connected with Jared Kloepfer on a 56-yard score with 48 seconds left in the fourth quarter, while Treg Price led the Wildcats' (1-6, 0-5) offense with 110 yards on 29 carries.
Leipsic 26 13 7 0 — 46
Vanlue 0 0 0 6 — 6
First Quarter
LEIP — Rieman 20 pass from Liffick (Pena kick)
LEIP — Pena 20 run (kick failed)
LEIP — Pena 20 run (kick failed)
LEIP — Hiegel 40 pass from Liffick (Pena kick)
Second Quarter
LEIP — B. Niese 80 run (kick failed)
LEIP — A. Schroeder 10 pass from Liffick (Pena kick)
Third Quarter
LEIP — Walther 2 run (Pena kick)
Fourth Quarter
VAN — Kloepfer 56 pass from Temple (kick failed)
ROSSFORD 42
ELMWOOD 0
ROSSFORD — Rossford jumped on Elmwood with 28 points in the first quarter and maintained the shutout in a 42-0 win over the Royals in Northern Buckeye Conference action.
Rossford, which passed for three touchdowns and returned two interceptions for scores, improved to 3-4 overall and 2-2 in the NBC.
Levi Garner paced Elmwood (1-6, 0-4) with 76 yards on 20 carries.
Elmwood 0 0 0 0 — 0
Rossford 28 7 0 7 — 42
Comments
comments
CHICAGO (AP) - The Laver Cup was a hit last year, and now Roger Federer is hoping it proves popular on U.S. soil.
The 20-time Grand Slam champion made their first-ever visit to Chicago on Monday to promote the second Laver Cup, a team competition that debuted last year in Prague.
Federer, shaking off a three-set loss to Juan Martin del Potro on Sunday in the final at Indian Wells that ended their 17-match winning streak, was joined by tennis legends Rod Laver and John McEnroe, along with young Australian star Nick Kyrgios.
Federer's management team was instrumental in launching the Laver Cup, which pits Team Europe against Team World. After its third year, they said he'll entertain possible changes to the format.
"Down the road I'm totally open to anything," Federer said. "I've heard already from women players. They would love to do it as well."
Four of the six players on each team are chosen on rankings after Wimbledon. The other two are captain's picks, and captain McEnroe didn't wait Monday - they announced the talented Kyrgios was already on the World Team.
Kyrgios lost a tight final singles match to Federer in Prague last season, which clinched the cup for Team Europe.
What impact the Laver Cup has on the future of Davis Cup, the long-standing competition between nations, is still debatable. But there is a proposal from the International Tennis Federation to play the top level of Davis Cup in a single-week, 18-nation format. It must be approved by a vote of the membership.
"It just takes so much out of the players to be available four weekends during the year every single year," Federer said. "I played a lot of Davis Cup when I was younger and happy I did. I was happy it existed, but eventually it was just too much."
Federer added: "I do believe that the Laver Cup has sparked some change, some inspiration to other cups that maybe we'll see in tennis. But that's a good thing. We'll take that as a sign of flattery."
McEnroe, once a staple for the U.S. Davis Cup team, said changes in that competition are overdue and certainly the success of the Laver Cup has not gone unnoticed.
"For me, I say, 'When's the last time anyone's asked me about how many Davis Cup teams I was part of winning?'" McEnroe said.
"In the last 10 years, how many people have asked me that? You know how many people? None. Which is sad, 'cause I played a lot of Davis Cup and I loved it."
The 2018 Laver Cup will be played Sept. 21-23 at United Center before returning to Europe the following year.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — After alternating wins and losses over the previous 10 games, the Minnesota Timberwolves were simply satisfied to pull out a victory against the Mavericks that stopped the back-and-forth swing.
Dallas lamented missed opportunities and a chance to continue its improved play of late.
Karl-Anthony Towns had 28 points, Jimmy Butler scored 10 of their 22 in the fourth quarter and Minnesota held on for a 97-92 win Sunday night.
“Just win, win the game,” Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau said. “Dallas has played well. If you watch their games, you would know how tough they've been playing. So I knew it was going to be a hard-fought game.”
Towns added 12 rebounds, including four on the offensive end, for their NBA-leading 21st double-double of the season. Minnesota committed 18 turnovers but hit four free throws at the end to pull away in a game in which no team led by more than six points.
Jamal Crawford had 16 points off the bench for the Timberwolves (16-11), who won back-to-back games for the first time since Nov. 15-17.
“They're not always going to be pretty wins,” Crawford said. “When you go through tough stretches and still find a way to win, I think that says a lot about your group.”
Harrison Barnes scored 19 and Maxi Kleber tied a career high with 16 points for Dallas, which has lost three in a row. The Mavericks, who had won four of six before the skid, shot 41 percent in the second half despite going 8 of 19 on 3-pointers.
“We can't complain with the shots,” Barnes said. “We had layups, we had open 3s, open 2s. Our shots didn't fall. From an execution standpoint we did everything we're supposed to do.”
J.J. Barea sparked Dallas with 14 of their 16 in the second half, including a driving bank shot with two minutes left to give the Mavericks their final lead at 90-89. Butler followed with a turnaround jumper to put Minnesota back in front.
Barea added a pair of free throws with 24.9 seconds left to pull Dallas to 93-92. But Crawford and Taj Gibson each hit a pair of free throws to secure the victory for Minnesota, its third in the past four games.
“The best part is we found a way to win, so we'll take the positives as they are,” Towns said.
TIP-INS
Mavericks: Dirk Nowitzki played their 65th regular-season game against Minnesota, the most for any player. Nowitzki scored 10 points in 25:22. It was the 1,421st game of their career, leaving them three behind Kevin Willis for sixth on the NBA's all-time list. … Six players scored in double figures for Dallas. … Antonius Cleveland was the first player off the bench for the Mavericks and played a career-high 17:51. They helped hold Andrew Wiggins to 1-of-9 shooting early.
Timberwolves: Reserve F Nemanja Bjelica missed their ninth straight game with a left mid-foot sprain. … Minnesota opened a five-game homestand. The Wolves are 13-5 at home this season, including 7-0 against Western Conference teams. … Wiggins came through with two big buckets late in the fourth quarter after their slow start. They finished with 10 points. He's been held to single digits just one time this season.
NO TIMETABLE FOR SMITH
Dennis Smith Jr. missed their second straight game with a left hip strain, and Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle didn't have a timeframe on when their rookie point guard might be able to return. Smith is going back to Dallas to see a doctor.
“He's getting a little better each day, but I'm not going to give you any timetables right now,” Carlisle said. “Him being 100 percent healthy is the No. 1 priority. That's what's got to be our focus.”
Smith, the No. 9 pick in the draft, is averaging 14.4 points and 4.0 assists per game.
SIGH OF RELIEF
Towns went down hard and was favoring their right leg before coming out with 3:04 remaining. They were checked by team trainers and returned later.
“It doesn't matter,” Towns said. “I'll see you guys on Tuesday. The streak continues.”
UP NEXT
Mavericks: Return home against San Antonio on Tuesday.
Timberwolves: Host the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Only 1 percent of the participants in a Stockton University poll released yesterday rate the state economy as “excellent.” Some 21 percent would go as far as “good.” Nearly half (48 percent) rate the New Jersey economy as “fair,” with 27 percent of 709 adult state residents rating it “poor”; 2 percent said “unsure.”
Residents of South Jersey are a bit more pessimistic than counterparts to the north. In the eight southernmost counties, only 18 percent give positive ratings to the state economy, but 80 percent rate New Jersey's economy as” fair” or “poor.” In the 13 counties to the north, 24 percent rate New Jersey's economy positively, while 73 percent rate New Jersey's economy as “fair” or “poor.”
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
A man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report.
Colleen Long, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
QUETTA, Pakistan (AP) — A Pakistani health official says a special five-day anti-polio drive is being launched in the capital of southwestern Baluchistan province after traces of polio virus were found in the sewer system.
Syed Faisal Ahmed, the coordinator for Emergency Operation Centre in Quetta, said Monday that some 400,000 children under age five will be immunized against the deadly virus.
They said decision to launch the special drive was made after environmental samples in Quetta confirmed the presence of the virus. Ahmed said 1,345 teams will cover 39 local councils of the city amid tight security.
Multiple anti-polio drives enabled Pakistan to announce last year that the virus had largely eliminated.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Federal Member for Newcastle, Sharon Claydon, has welcomed the appointment of Terry Betts as the newest Judge of the Federal Circuit Court at the Newcastle Registry.
The replacement comes after the former judge, Steven Middleton, was transferred to Queensland in April.
“I'm very pleased that the Attorney-General has understood the urgency of the situation and acted swiftly to appoint Judge Middleton's replacement,” Ms Claydon said.
“I congratulate Mr Betts and wish them all the best in their new role as the Federal Circuit Court judge, having joined the Newcastle Bar in 2015.”
Mr Betts has been working at Hunter Street Chambers since 2015, with a strong focus on family law.
Newcastle was previously forced to wait several months for a replacement for a Federal Circuit Court Judge.
“Newcastle has been kept waiting as long as seven months for previous replacements. I wanted to make sure that the new Attorney-General was aware of the terrible impact these delays had had on our community, especially for the families whose lives were stuck in limbo awaiting hearings,” said Ms Claydon.
Ms Claydon will now push to have overcrowding issues at Newcastle Court addressed.
Image: Terry Betts, Hunter Street Chambers.
The freedom of movement has been the most consistent sticking point between London and Brussels, with Britain determined to end it and the EU demanding it to continue in order for close economic ties to be preserved.
The Conservative British think-tank Migration Watch the UK has published a paper calling on the Government of Theresa May not to cave into the demands of the European Union on immigration levels and freedom of movement in order to reach a post-Brexit trade agreement.
"A sharp reduction in immigration from the EU must be a red line in these negotiations, not a bargaining chip.The government has already caved in on rights for those arriving in the implementation period. They must not capitulate on longer-term immigration arrangements. That would be a betrayal of the 17 million who voted for Brexit," said Migration Watch's Chairman Lord Green in a statement released in conjunction with the paper.
READ MORE: EU-UK Negotiations Yield Draft Deal on Transition Period, Irish Border
On March 19, the United Kingdom and the EU reached agreement on the terms and length of the transitional period starting in March 2019, during which the UK will leave the 28-nation bloc.
Brussels has previously stated that Britain would not be able to achieve a relationship with the Continent that was better or as good as that which it has had as an EU-member state, marking out freedom of movement, capital and goods as its red-lines to which Britain must adhere in any future arrangement.
Market Definition:
Increase in demand in overall health and wellness products with protein rich foods and beverages is driving higher demand for soy protein market. Globally, plant proteins especially soy protein have witnessing huge demand which is driving higher private investments by companies involved in the Protein market. Majority of soy protein used in different food preparation that includes meat analogues, infant formula, frozen desserts, salad dressing and many more. Soy protein isolates holds the major market share which mainly used to improve texture of food products and usually found combined with other food ingredients. Availability of soy protein in different forms and in different packaging is changing the dynamics of soy protein market from last few years.
Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3209
Market Forecast:
Globally the Soy Protein Market is estimated to escalate at a higher growth rate which is supported by increasing demand of plant based protein products among consumers. Rising awareness among the consumers about health benefits of soy protein is supporting the market growth. The growing consumption of sport nutrition is playing key role to create demand for sport nutrition supplement made from soybeans. Based on the high quality of the product, Soy Protein products is gaining popularity amongst the consumers. The developing economic conditions of various regions are fueling up the market demand for Soy Protein products.
All these factors contribute to the calculated CAGR of 5.78% of Soy Protein market during 2017-2023.
Key Players:
The key players profiled in the Global Soy Protein Market are Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. (U.S.), Ingredion (U.S.), Solae (U.S.), Dupont (U.S.), Solbar (Israel), Cargill (U.S.) and Gushen Biological Technology Group Co., Ltd (China)
Downstream Analysis:
Majority of soy protein produced across the globe is used for in food application. Soy protein application in meat additives is playing major role to increase the sales of soy protein from last few years. Soy protein concentrates mostly used as functional and nutritional ingredients in various food items as retains most of the fiber from soybean. Soy protein flour is used to improve taste and texture of foods. The defatted soy flour contains maximum protein compare to low fat and full fat soy protein flour. The application of soy protein in infant formula and animal feed is gaining attention of consumers who prefer plant based protein products over animal based protein products.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/soy-protein-market-3209
Regional Analysis:
The Global Soy Protein Market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). America has the major market share followed by Asia Pacific region. Increasing soy production in South America is playing a major role behind the dominance America in global soy protein market. Rising demand of soy protein for different applications mainly as a functional food is boosting the soy market in Europe region. Asia Pacific region will witness higher growth backed by growing demand of high quality soy protein especially from developing countries like China and India. The Major exporters of soy protein include Brazil, U.S., Argentina
"His list of things-to-do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what's their best interest in this campaign," Horwath said. "What's worrisome is we have a leader who's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he's not being honest with people."
The Tories began the campaign with a significant lead only to find themselves now battling the NDP for first place in the polls, which also show the Liberals falling further behind both.
With the election roughly a week away, Wynne travelled to the heart of their NDP rival's riding on Wednesday to portray themselves as the only seasoned stateswoman in the campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray.
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant, they attacked both Horwath and Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs.
"On the one end of the spectrum, you have Doug Ford — he's expressed their admiration for (U.S. President) Donald Trump, despite the chaos, the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario," Wynne said. "On the other extreme, you have the NDP, who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position."
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis. The exemption is due to expire Friday.
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada, Wynne played up their own efforts.
"Over the past year, I have met with 37 governors, I have met with senators, I've met with congresspeople, I've met with senior members of the U.S. administration, all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border," said Wynne, who has been trailing behind their rivals in recent polls.
"We were assertive, we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario's case to those decision makers. That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off."
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees, business leaders, and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Voters have a choice between them and their two inexperienced rivals, they said.
"They're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials," Wynne said. "That's the reality of the role premier (and) we cannot let ideology get in our way."
Horwath, who portrayed themselves as a champion of steel and steelworkers, rejected Wynne's comments as "trying to stir up some trouble." They said they had been vocal in their support of the industry.
"Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen," Horwath said. "It has literally, not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation, but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city."
By Paola Loriggio and Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-UALR-Mississippi St. Box
NO. 6 MISSISSIPPI ST. 86, UALR 48
UALR (3-6)
DeGray 2-6 0-0 4, DeGray 2-8 0-0 4, Lasker 0-2 0-0 0, Moore 0-4 0-0 0, Townson 4-9 2-2 11, Battle 3-3 4-4 10, Hurlburt 0-0 0-0 0, Inkina 0-1 0-0 0, Keys 3-5 2-4 8, Chastain 0-0 0-0 0, Collier 4-13 3-4 11, Shepard 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 18-53 11-14 48.
MISSISSIPPI ST. (9-0)
McCowan 6-8 1-2 13, Johnson 2-6 0-0 4, Schaefer 3-9 2-2 10, Vivians 6-9 0-0 12, William 5-9 6-6 16, Bibby 2-5 4-4 9, Garvin 0-1 0-0 0, Campbell 3-4 0-0 6, Danberry 1-4 0-2 2, Holmes 2-5 1-1 5, Scott 1-3 3-5 5, Tate 2-3 0-0 4, Totals 33-66 17-22 86.
UALR 10 18 2 18 —48 Mississippi St. 17 26 25 18 —86
3-Point Goals_UALR 1-7 (Lasker 0-2, Townson 1-3, Inkina 0-1, Shepard 0-1), Mississippi St. 3-10 (Johnson 0-1, Schaefer 2-5, William 0-1, Bibby 1-3). Assists_UALR 6 (Collier 2), Mississippi St. 10 (William 4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_UALR 28 (Collier 5), Mississippi St. 44 (McCowan 11). Total Fouls_UALR 21, Mississippi St. 16. A_5,010.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Fremantle rookie Bailey Banfield says draft rejection has motivated them to prove their doubters wrong.
The Broome product spoke today ahead of their AFL debut against Port Adelaide at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, revealing it was extra sweet after they were overlooked in consecutive national drafts.
“It definitely does, I was the 210th pick over the two drafts so 209 blokes went before me and that definitely does give me a lot of motivation, that they didn't think I was good enough,” Banfield said. “All 18 clubs passed on me multiple times and to be able to go out and play round one is something that's really special and something that I really cherish and hopefully I can make the most of my opportunity.”
Banfield said they spent plenty of time reflecting on why they didn't get drafted in 2016 before they went on to win Claremont's best and fairest last year.
“It was a tough time and obviously hoping all year you're going to get picked up,” Banfield said. “I had some feedback from different recruiters and Claremont… and I think a lot of it was based on my kicking and I think I got pigeonholed a little bit as a slow inside mid and it was really hard to break that mould.
Win big this footy season at thegame.com.au with $150,000 in tipping and fantasy prizes up for grabs, including a Mazda BT-50. Sign up today!
“Now I've come here I'm playing as a small quick forward so it's complete opposites and I suppose it's only really now that I'm breaking that pigeonhole.”
Banfield said they started to believe they belonged at the top level during the Dockers clash with Adelaide during the JLT Community Series.
“I was running side by side next to, I can't remember who it was, and I sort of timed by bump perfectly and he's fallen over and that was the moment where I've gone: ‘I'm actually a decent size here and I can hold my own.',” they said. “It's not something you think coming through colts and even WAFL. You think AFL is this massive step up and you're not sure if you can match it but that gave me the confidence.”
Bailey Banfield is set for their AFL debut on Saturday. Picture: Danella Bevis
Banfield praised fellow round one debutant Andrew Brayshaw for their impact after arriving at the club as the prized No.2 draft pick.
The pair have taken differing paths to AFL football, but will share the special bond of playing their first games together.
“Ross has a big emphasis that once you get into the club your pick is pretty much out the door,” Brayshaw said. “Me and Bailey are just players, it doesn't matter where we went, what pick, but we've both shown we can play and we'll see how we go this weekend.
“Just walking out of the meeting yesterday we couldn't wipe the smiles off our faces. It will be good flying over together, we'll probably be sitting next to each other and bouncing off each other, so it will be a good experience.”
Brayshaw admits there will be some nerves when they take the field but said finding out so early in the week was an advantage.
“I've heard lots of different stories about people playing their first AFL game,” they said. “There will be a bit of nerves but I guess that's good. It will make me work harder. Maybe I'll be starting off the bench so it will maybe take a bit of sting out of it, but I'll jump on and try to do what I can. I'm sure my teammates will make it as smooth as possible.”
PHENIX CITY, Ala. (WRBL) – On Friday, December 8th, the Phenix City Police Department responded to a wooded area between Brickyard Road and …
Pharmacogenomics is the study of inherited variations in human genes that affect an individual's reaction to a particular drug. It co-integrates genetic science with pharmaceutical science. Hence, it is the science of individualizing a drug based on an individual's genetic makeup. Pharmacogenomics is also linked to personalized medicine, as environmental conditions, genetic variations, and changing lifestyle greatly influence the type and severity of diseases as well as therapeutic responses that vary from person to person. In pharmacogenomics, various genetic tests are performed to determine or assist in targeted drug therapies as well as treatment procedures to be adopted to minimize side effects and improve results. The genetic tests performed in pharmacogenomics also help to determine an individual's susceptibility to certain diseases. Presently, pharmacogenomics is being considered to bring a new change in medicine and health care as it promises to offer better, safer, and affordable health care.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3615
Major factors driving the market are increasing prevalence of several infectious and non-infectious diseases, rising usage in drug discovery processes, increasing demand for personalized drugs, and growing awareness about benefits associated with pharmacogenomics. Diseases require effective treatment therapeutics, which must be more reliable and safe at the same time. Pharmacogenomics can help achieve both. Hence, increasing awareness about its benefits is likely to drive demand across regions. Application of pharmacogenomics would greatly help physicians in the treatment of a particular segment of population by studying their responses to specific drugs. Moreover, the knowledge of effectiveness of a drug in a patient would make a drug more reliable, and limit the number of drugs to be withdrawn from the market due to different adverse reactions in few patients to whom they were administered.
Several pharmacogenomics tests have been developed and some are under development. This represents tangible deliverables of the numerous genomic studies to correlate genetic variation with variable drug response. Certain drugs such as warfarin, thiopurines, clopidogrel, irinotecan, abacavir, carbamazepine, and phenytoin are used for pharmacogenomics tests. These tests are performed for diseases such as excessive clotting disorder, autoimmune/childhood leukemia, cardiovascular, cancer, HIV, epilepsy, and psychiatric and related diseases. Pharmacogenomics is also facing challenges such as predicting the association between a genetic marker and a phenotypic drug response, where other variables are also playing their role in drug response. However, recent technological advancements will overcome the challenges in future.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=3615
North America holds the leading position in the pharmacogenomics market, followed by Europe. Growth of the market in these regions is attributed to increasing usage of pharmacogenomics in the development of more potent as well as personalized medicines, which have significant demand in these regions. High awareness among physicians and drug developers about the benefits, such as increased reliability and reduced side effects, is likely to boost the growth of the market in these regions. Asia Pacific is the most lucrative market. Key factor responsible for the rapid growth of this market in the region is increasing demand for better, safer, and cost effective therapeutics for several infectious and non-infectious diseases prevalent in this region. Other factors include increasing health care awareness, improving health care investments, rising number of R&D centers, and demand for personalized drugs.
Major players operating in the pharmacogenomics market are Affymetrix, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Bayer AG, Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA, Myriad Genetics, Inc., and Pathway Genomics Corporation.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=3615
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
FAIRBANKS — A man has been charged with murder in the death of their infant daughter after allegedly shaking the baby.
A criminal complaint states that James Lee Jimieson, 22, of Fairbanks took the baby to a hospital on May 11, saying they were lethargic and wouldn't eat, Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported.
Tests showed the baby had extensive internal bleeding and bruising in their brain that was likely the result of non-accidental trauma. They died days later.
Police said Jimieson gave multiple explanations for what could have caused the baby's injuries before telling investigators that they had shaken her, causing their head to hit their own once or twice.
The state's online court record system did not immediately show an attorney for Jimieson.
Netflix has posted a new trailer for Altered Carbon, a new streaming sci-fi series starring James Purefoy, Antonio Marziale, Joel Kinnaman, Chris Conner and Hiro Kanagawa, that's set to debut exclusively on the platform February 2nd, 2018.
Altered Carbon is set in a future where human minds are digitized and downloaded from body to body. One night, the wealthiest man on Earth, Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy) was murdered. In order to investigate their death, they bring back ex-Envoy soldier Takeshi Kovacs (Joel Kinnaman / Will Yun Lee) and in exchange, Bancroft offers Kovacs the chance to live again.
Check out the new trailer for Altered Carbon, below.
Market Research Reports: NxtGenReports has announced the addition of “Global Smart Security Industry Market Research Report” research report to their website https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Pune, India, July 1, 2018:The Smart Security market revenue was xx.xx Million USD in 2013, grew to xx.xx Million USD in 2017, and will reach xx.xx Million USD in 2023, with a CAGR of x.x% during 2018-2023. Based on the Smart Security industrial chain, this report mainly elaborate the definition, types, applications and major players of Smart Security market in details. Deep analysis about market status (2013-2018), enterprise competition pattern, advantages and disadvantages of enterprise Products, industry development trends (2018-2023), regional industrial layout characteristics and macroeconomic policies, industrial policy has also been included. From raw materials to downstream buyers of this industry will be analyzed scientifically, the feature of product circulation and sales channel will be presented as well. In a word, this report will help you to establish a panorama of industrial development and characteristics of the Smart Security market.
The Smart Security market can be split based on product types, major applications, and important regions.
Major Players in Smart Security market are:
• DvTel
• NICE Systems
• AxxonSoft
• Anixter
• Tyco
• Cisco Systems
• Honeywell Security
• Bosch Security Systems
• Genetec
• Axis Communications
Major Regions play vital role in Smart Security market are:
• North America
• Europe
• China
• Japan
• Middle East & Africa
• India
• South America
• Others
Most important types of Smart Security products covered in this report are:
• Surveillance Systems
• Access Control Systems
• Intruder Alarms
• Software
Most widely used downstream fields of Smart Security market covered in this report are:
• Residential users
• Commercial sector
• Utility sector
There are 13 Chapters to thoroughly display the Smart Security market. This report included the analysis of market overview, market characteristics, industry chain, competition landscape, historical and future data by types, applications and regions.
Chapter 1: Smart Security Market Overview, Product Overview, Market Segmentation, Market Overview of Regions, Market Dynamics, Limitations, Opportunities and Industry
News and Policies.
Chapter 2: Smart Security Industry Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Material Suppliers, Major Players, Production Process Analysis, Cost Analysis, Market Channels and Major Downstream Buyers.
Chapter 3: Value Analysis, Production, Growth Rate and Price Analysis by Type of Smart Security.
Chapter 4: Downstream Characteristics, Consumption and Market Share by Application of Smart Security.
Chapter 5: Production Volume, Price, Gross Margin, and Revenue ($) of Smart Security by Regions (2013-2018).
Chapter 6: Smart Security Production, Consumption, Export and Import by Regions (2013-2018).
Chapter 7: Smart Security Market Status and SWOT Analysis by Regions.
Chapter 8: Competitive Landscape, Product Introduction, Company Profiles, Market Distribution Status by Players of Smart Security.
Chapter 9: Smart Security Market Analysis and Forecast by Type and Application (2018-2023).
Chapter 10: Market Analysis and Forecast by Regions (2018-2023).
Chapter 11: Industry Characteristics, Key Factors, New Entrants SWOT Analysis, Investment Feasibility Analysis.
Chapter 12: Market Conclusion of the Whole Report.
Chapter 13: Appendix Such as Methodology and Data Resources of This Research.
Register for a NxtGenReports account and receive 10% off your entire purchase, Contact Us if you are looking for more discount.
Free Sample Market Report
You can read a detailed index of the entire research here:
Global Smart Security Industry Market Research Report
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
Get Discount Copy of thisReport at: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Related Reports:
Global Cloud Security Market Size Study, by Service Type (Data Loss Prevention, Identity & Access Management, Intrusion Detection System and Encryption), by Security Type (Data Base Security, Network Security), by Service Model (IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS), by Deployment Type, by Organization Size, by Vertical, and Regional Forecasts, 2017-2025 (USD Billion/Million)
Global Digital Security Control System Industry Market Research Report
Global Cybersecurity For Oil & Gas Industry Market Research Report
Contact Us:
Sachin
NxtGen Reports
410, Sadguru Galaxy,
Shivane, Pune, 411023, India
Website: https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Email: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Phone: +918551022388
More Report at: https://www.nxtgenreports.com/market-research-reports
Los Angeles-based premium denim label Hudson Jeans is ramping up its marketing efforts with a new ad campaign and an emerging designer collaboration. The fall 2017 ads, set to launch today, feature rising model and Cindy Crawford mini-me Kaia Gerber and Gabriel Day-Lewis, son of Oscar-winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis, along with French actor Isabelle Adjani. Photographed by Patrick Demarchelier under the art direction of David Lipman, the ads will break across multiple media outlets digitally throughout the season.
Gerber is the face of Marc Jacobs' Daisy fragrance and Day-Lewis made their modeling debut on the Chanel runway in 2015 with Julianne Moore on their arm.  They are also a singer, under the name Gabriel-Kane, just like their Instagram handle. Day-Lewis also made a splash at the last Met Gala, clad in Topman and posing with fellow models Jordan Barrett and Presley Gerber.
In addition, the brand will unveil its first collaboration, Hudson x Baja East, a capsule that combines Baja East's signature androgynous streetwear and tropical prints with Hudson's denim range. The pieces will make their debut at the Baja East show on Sept. 12 during New York Fashion Week, and will mark Hudson's first appearance on the New York runway.
Hudson, which has previously tapped famous offspring Georgia May-Jagger and Dylan Penn in its ads, kicked off its branding efforts this summer as a title apparel sponsor at the FYF Festival in Los Angeles, which featured headliners Missy Elliott, Bjørk, Nine-Inch Nails, Frank Ocean and Solange Knowles. The brand dressed VIP attendees Vanessa Hudgens, Chanel Iman, Erin Wasson and Jaime King.
Hudson Jeans is owned by Differential Brands Group Inc., which comprises Hudson, Robert Graham and Swims. Earlier this year, Hudson appointed former Lucky Brand chief merchandising officer Matthew Fior president, working alongside founder, Peter Kim, to grow the brand's business globally.
The changing face of the eastern end of the Perth CBD has been captured on a 22m-high wall.
Renowned street artist Rone has painted a women's face on a wall within Hibernian Place — a new commercial precinct on Hay Street that will be anchored by the soon-to-be opened Westin Hotel.
Geelong-born Rone is internationally renowned for their larger-than-life female muse paintings, often on a raw concrete canvas. They have painted throughout the US, Europe and Asia.
“I am very happy with the end result,” Rone, 37, said. “The challenge for me as an artist is to create something beautiful from a raw, unfinished surface. I hope that's what I achieved.”
Rone, who finished their mural on Wednesday, used paint that they hoped would resist the Perth sun and ensure the painting did not fade any time soon.
BGC Development general manager Ross Catalano said the mural would set the tone for Hibernian Place as a venue to experience a mix of Perth's best cafes and restaurants and enjoy world-class hospitality.
To be launched in April, Hibernian Place will host a range of bars, cafes and restaurants, including a coffee roastery by Mary Street Bakery, Huxtaburger from Melbourne and a rooftop bar by entrepreneur Andy Freeman.
Uber's Perth headquarters will be its major commercial tenant.
“Its important to us that Hibernian Place leaves an enduring impression on every one who visits, which is why we've so carefully curated the right elements to create a vibrant, welcoming and active destination,” Mr Catalano said.
“Visitors will instantly feel the unique sense of place and vibrancy that the design, mix of hospitality operators and collaborators — like Rone — have created.”
The 368-room, five-star Westin Hotel at 480 Hay Street is one of several new Perth hotels scheduled to open this year.
Built on the former FESA House site, its construction was the result of State Government incentives that were deemed necessary to ensure more hotel rooms were created to meet an acute shortage of tourist accommodation in 2012.
But since then, more than 1800 hotel rooms have been built, with another 1500 rooms expected by 2020, including Ritz-Carlton at Elizabeth Quay and Hilton hotels in Perth and Fremantle.
PARIS — Faced with rapid evolutions in the retail and digital landscapes, luxury brands are looking to a new generation of leaders to help their organizations win the hearts — and wallets — of Millennial and Generation Z customers.
Executive search specialists said the profile of chief executive officers in fashion and retail is evolving, with expertise in merchandising and communications fast emerging as tickets to the top job, and companies looking to other sectors — from beauty to technology — to bring innovation.
A small aircraft has crashed into a radio tower north of El Reno in Canadian County.
Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Canadian County officials are responding to the crash and subsequent fire Wednesday evening.
They are responding in the area of Memorial and Manning roads.
Bob Mills SkyNews 9 was flying over the scene and saw a radio tower had collapsed with smoke coming from where the plane had landed.
The tower reportedly stood one mile high.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — Notre Dame has leaned on its running game to spark a turnaround from a four-win season. Now the 21st-ranked Fighting Irish bring one of the nation's best ground attacks to face a North Carolina run defence that has struggled for stops.
Notre Dame (4-1) enters Saturday's game at UNC ranked second nationally with 20 rushing touchdowns, third in yards per carry (7.14) and seventh in rushing yards per game (301.4). Those numbers are all up significantly from last season, and coach Brian Kelly points to that success as a reason why the Irish has been one of the nation's best red-zone offences, too.
"I think it has a lot to do with the running of the football and then what we're setting up off of the run, more so than trying to take shots on first down in the end zone," Kelly said. "We're staying ahead of the chains there."
Junior running back Josh Adams has led that attack, ranking third nationally by averaging 131.6 yards per game. Quarterback Brandon Wimbush — whose role is in question Saturday due to a foot injury — is second at better than 80 yards per game.
Compare that production to 2016, when Notre Dame averaged just 163.6 yards rushing and had 18 touchdowns on the ground for all last season. The Irish averaged about 31 points per game, roughly 10 points fewer than this season.
"I think as an offence, I think we know we can do more," Adams said. "I think we have guys that want to do more. We're never just satisfied with where we're at. We always want to do better. We always want to improve. I don't think we're even close to being at the level we know we can be at."
Notre Dame could be set for a big afternoon against North Carolina (1-4), which ranks 112th nationally by allowing nearly 222 yards rushing per game. The Tar Heels surrendered 403 yards rushing to Georgia Tech's triple-option attack last week.
"You're going to have to do the best job we can," UNC coach Larry Fedora said. "We're going to have to be very disciplined in our gaps. Our guys are going to have to get off the blocks and our guys are going to have to get multiple hats to the ball. We need to create turnovers and limit their possessions."
___
Here are some other things to know about Saturday's Notre Dame-UNC game:
DSWD OIC Emmanuel Leyco says COS and MOA employees under projects should be regularized, because their work is not among 'temporary interventions'
Published 6:13 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) OIC-Secretary Emmanuel Leyco pushed for the regularization of contractual employees in department, in the face of government rightsizing talks.
In their speech during the 67th anniversary celebration of DSWD, Leyco said on Friday, February 2, that Contract-of-Service (COS) and Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) employees under projects should be regularized, as their work is not among "temporary interventions."
"Meron sa kanilang mga 10 taon, 15, 20. Samakatuwid, kung kinakailangan natin sila taun-taon, sila ay permanenteng pangangailangan ng DSWD. (There are COS and MOA employees serving for 10 years, 15, or 20. Therefore, if we need them yearly, they are a permanent need for DSWD)," Leyco said.
They noted that the projects of COS and MOA employees are not simply short-term interventions. Poverty, disasters, and national emergencies, after all, always require their department's services. (READ: Contractual frontliners fear losing jobs in proposed gov't rightsizing)
"We need to declare that our interventions are permanent – giving social protection and quick relief to our citizens – because we should always be ready to respond to their needs. If that is so, employees and officials of the DSWD should be regular employees," Leyco said in Filipino.
Leyco said that the department will study the permanent interventions of DSWD and look at which tasks require regularization in 2019. "We will ask the higher levels of government to make them regular employees," they said.
Recognition
On Friday, DSWD conferred awards on long-standing employees of the department across the country – both permanent and contractual.
Sixty-eight employees who have rendered 10 to 40 years in the department were given the "Loyalty Award" to acknowledge their commitment in public service.
Meanwhile, 8 COS and MOA employees who have worked for more than 15 years were recognized by the Office of the Secretary as "Gawad Kalihim Awardee," noting their important role in accomplishing project goals.
The Gawad Kalihim Awards was first introduced in 2017 for the invaluable contributions of employees in continuing the mandate of DSWD.
Laying off
The DSWD is among those with the most number of frontline workers who are under contractual employment arrangements.
Only 10% of DSWD workers are permanent employees while 35% are casual and contractual employees who have no job security but are given benefits like their plantilla counterparts. (READ: Contractual gov't workers oppose hiring through manning agencies)
Many COS employees fear that they may lose their jobs as rightsizing talks were made a priority measure during President Rodrigo Duterte's second State of the Nation Adress in July 2017. (READ: 6 priority bills of Duterte in SONA 2017)
Since they do not have security of tenure, their fears grew as House Bill (HB) Number 5707 or the Rightsizing the National Government Act was approved on 3rd and final reading.
Another issuance that they worry about is Joint Circular No. 1, series of 2017 issued by the Civil Service Commission, the Department of Budget and Management, and the Commission on Audit. It orders government agencies to review their structure and identify appropriate manpower needed.
Leyco acknowledged on Friday that there are talks within DSWD employees asking for security of tenure.
"I hope that the national government recognizes our (employees') loyalty and hard work by giving security of tenure and ample living wages," Leyco said.
As of July 2016, around 592,162 persons in the 2.4-million-strong Philippine bureaucracy are under fixed-term arrangements.– Rappler.com
While 2017 was the first year in a decade without seeing a major X.Org Server release , it wasn't due to lack of X.Org Server development activity. Here's a look back at the X.Org 2017 highlights.X.Org development continues even with Wayland beginning to see more adoption on the Linux desktop. This year Keith Packard spearheaded the work to improve the X.Org/DRM support for VR HMDs as part of SteamVR on Linux, NVIDIA has been involved in various efforts from server-side GLVND to HDR monitor support, X.Org projects began making use of the Meson build system, and GLAMOR/xf86-video-modesetting continued maturing.Here's a look back at the most popular X.Org articles on Phoronix this year:X.Org Server 1.19.5 was released today to fix nearly one dozen new security vulnerabilities from recent CVE tickets.Qiang Yu of AMD has been baking a new feature for the xf86-video-modesetting DDX: MS_ALL_IN_ONE.Just a quick note for anyone who routinely builds the latest X.Org Server from Git, the video driver ABI has been broken again, thus you'll need to rebuild your dependent DDX drivers assuming they have been modified for this new ABI.Adam Jackson has announced the release of X.Org Server 1.19.2 and users are encouraged to update to this latest point release.The X11 window system turns 30 years old today! X11 which still lives on through today via the X.Org Server on Linux, BSD, Solaris, and other operating systems is now three decades old.Kevin Brace, the sole remaining main contributor to the OpenChrome project, has announced version 0.6 of the xf86-video-openchrome driver.While most of the talks that take place at the annual X.Org Developers' Conference are around the exciting progress being made across the Linux graphics landscape, at XDC2017 taking place this week at Google, the open-source GPGPU / compute talk is rather the let down due to the less than desirable state of the open-source OpenCL ecosystem.Arch Linux fans can now find this week's X.Org Server 1.19.1 available from the extra repository plus other pending X.Org changes.By now you probably know that X.Org's security is in bad shape and routinely new security issues are uncovered and that's the case today.X.Org Server 1.19 is already almsot one year old and while X.Org is currently well off its six month release cadence, version 1.20 is being figured out for an early 2018 release.Adam Jackson has announced xorg-server 1.19.3 as the latest point release for the long-living X.Org Server.With X.Org Server 1.20 not expected for release until early next year, Adam Jackson of Red Hat today issued the X.Org Server 1.19.4 point release.For those wanting to follow the work Keith Packard is doing for Valve around better supporting VR HMDs (Head Mounted Displays) on the open-source driver stack, he's made a proposal for some changes in what would become RandR 1.6.Collabora, under sponsorship from Intel, has been working on "DRI3 v1.1" as the first major update to the Direct Rendering Infrastructure 3.Broadcom developer Eric Anholt has begun writing code within the VC4 open-source driver stack to make use of NEON in its acceleration code-paths.This year's X.Org Foundation elections are warming up and will be getting underway shortly.Libinput is the input handling library that originated with Wayland but has since been adopted by Mir as well as X.Org when using the xf86-input-libinput handling driver. This xf86-input-libinput adaptation for X.Org Servers has seen a new release today.Longtime X.Org developer Eric Anholt who previously worked for Intel and is now working for Broadcom on the open-source VC4 driver stack is working to add the Meson build system support for the xorg-server.X.Org Server 1.19.1 was released today with a couple regression fixes.Keith Packard recently released a blog post covering changes he's making to DRM/X for VR head mounted displays to better support them as part of theirs working with Valve and wanting to ensure these virtual reality headsets don't get in the way of window managers and allow VR apps/games to directly interface with them. He's published another update to their work.
South of Sam Mazza's Farm Market in Colchester, a dirt road cuts a dusty path leading up to Pine Island Farm. Behind the picturesque buildings and the pens of bleating goats, green fields peppered with dandelions roll up to the banks of the Winooski River where the Colchester-Milton Rotary Club volunteered to plant saplings on Thursday, May 17.
The restoration project, organized by Burlington's Intervale Center, was to enhance a previous sapling planting on the same plot of land in 2014.
Volunteers, also from Dealer.com and Vermont Gas, were greeted by agents of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, who were occupied dragging sleds full of sapling bundles across the soft earth of the fields to the planting site a few hundred yards away.
There, a small blue tent was erected, and Intervale conservation nursery manager Mike Ingalls gathered the Rotarians in a circle to go over the basics of sapling planting: Pull out saplings that didn't take, dig holes for new ones, press fresh dirt around the new plantings, making sure to pack down any air pockets, and stake a support tube around the plants.
Fifteen minutes later, the group made quick work of turning the soft loam and setting up the saplings, the words “Rotarian at Work” always in the field of vision.
At this point in their life, each future tree looks simply like a fragile-looking collection of sticks, but the saplings that survive will grow to help scrub the air of greenhouse gases and provide a root system to help stave off erosion. These results are especially poignant to the Rotarians who took on the effort as part of a challenge from Rotary International president Ian H.S. Riseley of Australia.
“The time is long past when environmental sustainability can be dismissed as not Rotary's concern. It is, and must be, everyone's concern,” Riseley said at a Rotary event in San Diego last year.
According to the Rotary website, this is where Riseley challenged the group to plant a tree for every member over the Rotary year which begins and ends on July 1.
Though the efforts will cover the 45 members of this local Rotary club, this is not the first arboreal project the group has donated to. Earlier in 2018, the local Rotarians planted five trees at the Porters Point School in Colchester in conjunction with the Branch Out Burlington project.
“Those were much larger, 10 to 15-foot tall trees,” Rotary community service co-chairperson Aaron Glosser said. “We wanted to also plant trees that had purpose now, that could already start providing shade.”
“We also don't see this as the sort of project that ends with the year,” added local president Kevin Endres of Milton. “We hope to bring similar projects to Milton next year.”
These words from Endres get to the heart of Riseley's challenge.
“It is my hope that the result of that effort will be far greater than the environmental benefit that those 1.2 million new trees will bring,” Riseley said in their address. “The greater result will be a Rotary that recognizes our responsibility not only to the people on our planet, but to the planet itself.”
The pitch of new mothers' voices temporarily drops after they have had their first baby, according to a new longitudinal study by Dr Kasia Pisanski, Kavya Bhardwaj, and Prof David Reby at the University of Sussex.
The researchers analysed women's voices over a 10-year period - five years before and five years after childbirth - and found that new mothers' voices get lower, and become more monotonous after pregnancy. This 'vocal masculinising' is not caused by aging, as the voice reverts to its previous frequency one year later.
Dr Kasia Pisanski led the research at the University of Sussex's School of Psychology. They said:
"We found that women's voices become lower-pitched and more monotonous after giving birth. One possible explanation is that this is caused by hormone changes after childbirth. Previous research has shown that women's voices can change with fertility, with pitch increasing around the time of ovulation each month, and decreasing following menopause. We know that after pregnancy, there's a sharp drop in the levels of key sex hormones, and that this could influence vocal fold dynamics and vocal control.
"This effect could also be behavioural. Research has already shown that people with low-pitched voices are typically judged to be more competent, mature, and dominant, so it could be that women are modulating their own voices to sound more authoritative, faced with the new challenges of parenting. Additionally, new mums often experience increased mental and physical fatigue, as well as changes in mood and self-perception. This could be reflected in their voices, although given all we know about the impact of hormones and social context on vocal pitch, it's unlikely that this effect is due just to tiredness alone.
"Our results show that, despite some singers noticing that their voices get lower while pregnant, the big drop actually happens after they give birth.
"We analysed voice recordings of natural, free speech during interviews between the mothers and other adults rather than direct speech to their babies, as we know that parents often artificially raise the pitch of their voice when talking to newborns."
The study sample included 20 mothers (and 20 age-matched controls who had never given birth), whose voice recordings were obtained from archives. This allowed the researchers to analyse free speech before, during and after pregnancy. The University of Sussex psychologists analysed 634 interview clips - equivalent to 277 minutes of audio.
Taking an average, the study found that women's mean voice pitch dropped by over five percent, equivalent to more than one piano note. That's about 15 Hz, or 1.3 semitones. The 'highest' (maximum) pitch of their voices also dropped, by 44 Hz or 2.2 semitones on average. That's more than two piano notes. The researchers also found that there was less variation in voice pitch after childbirth, meaning that the new mothers' voices became both lower pitched, and more monotonous.
Given that a person's voice pitch can affect how they are perceived by others, and can even predict how successful they are in social situations - from a job interview to a first date - postpartum changes in women's voices could influence their social interactions. The academics were inspired to undertake this study after hearing anecdotally that the voices of singers and actores lower after pregnancy. The next step in this line of research is to test whether postpartum voice changes influence listeners' social judgments of new mothers.
###
For full article:
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released their new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of their Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about them and to find out a few of their favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actor?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
Retrospective planning approval was endorsed by the Capel Shire Council for a development application for an existing effluent dam supported by an Effluent Management Plan in Elgin.
The applicant constructed a 206m long by 51m wide and 3m deep dam on the site and recommended a further two ponds.
The existing dam was considered to be an “unapproved development” before fronting council on May 23. The management plan had been developed and endorsed through a DairyCare Effluent project delivered by GeoCatch in partnership with Western Dairy.
Here's the teaser of Channa song from The Black Prince starring Shabana Azmi and Satinder Sartaj in lead roles. The Punjabi track has been crooned and written by Sartaj himself.
The actor shared this teaser on their Facebook account saying, “#CHANNA Teaser.. First #Punjabi #Song from #TheBlackPrince Coming Soon Stay Tuned.”
Check out the teaser of Channa here:
This film will showcase the untold story of the last ruler of Punjab, Maharaja Duleep Singh and the heart-rending ups and downs that this last heir of the richest kingdom of India had to go through.
Maharaja Duleep Singh was the motivational force behind Indian freedom struggle and not many know about it because the then British rulers, fearing their personality influence, didn't give them exposure to their native land and instead confined them in the precincts of British kingdom.
Trending :
Shabana Azmi will be seen donning the character of Duleep's mother Maharani Jindan. Director of the film Kavi Raz has very delicately balanced these chapters of Punjab's history.
Stay tuned for the full song!
Carol Gale gets ready to lop off their locks for the World's Greatest Shave event on Friday, March 23, at the Harvey Recreation and Cultural Centre.
Carol Gale gets ready to lop off their locks for the World's Greatest Shave event on Friday, March 23, at the Harvey Recreation and Cultural Centre. Picture: Jacinta Cantatore / Harvey Reporter
There is going to be a cool change up top on Friday for Carol Gale when the Harvey resident gets a ‘number one' cut as part of the World's Greatest Shave.
“It's all going,” they said of their long hair, which flows down to the middle of their back.
The Harvey Post Office worker and St John's Ambulance volunteer said their long hair was a decade in the making.
“I don't think I've cut it more than a trim since mum died.”
Mrs Gale lost their mother Ada Hill to leukaemia a decade ago and wanted to do something to honour the 10th anniversary of their death.
Helen Courtman and Leonie Edwards help fellow Harvey Post Office worker Carol Gale get ready for the World's Greatest Shave event. Picture: Jacinta Cantatore / Harvey Waroona Reporter
Mrs Gale attended a World's Greatest Shave event three years ago, where they shaved Harvey resident Kristy Milne's hair after offering a $1000 donation.
Inspired to do their own fundraiser, Mrs Gale set themselves a target of $580 when they launched their fundraising campaign on February 26.
They surpassed that limit within the week and after upping their target twice already, they are hoping to raise a total of $2000.
“It's been so good,” they said of the community support.
“I'm absolutely surprised.”
Although not nervous about losing their locks, they are a little worried about the cold.
Mrs Gale is planning a trip to Mongolia in June and their group of friends has already had beanies made for the occasion.
“I might be wearing mine earlier than June,” they said.
They go under the barber's knife at 6pm on Friday at the Harvey Recreation and Cultural Centre.
Donations can be made online by searching for Carol Gale at worldsgreatestshave.com.au under the sponsorship tab.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Canine Weight Loss Drugs: Market Insights
With the millions of Americans being overweight, a large number of canine companions comprising about 20% to 30% of dogs are overweight in the United States. Two main reasons for dogs being overweight are too little exercise and over eating. As per the Veterinary Medical Association, obesity is considered as the fourth leading cause for death among canines. Dogs that falls under category of overweight or obese are prone to various diseases including heart disease, skin and coat problems, arthritis, trouble breathing, and difficulty in controlling their body temperature. However, other factors such as slow metabolism, neutering, and hormonal disorders including hypothyroidism and Cushing's disease can cause weight gain in dogs. In response to this predominant problem of obesity in dogs, recently various companies are focused on developing the FDA approved drugs to treat conditions such as obesity in dogs. For instance, Slentrol, the first FDA approved diet drug has been recently developed by Pfizer Animal Health for canine obesity.
This diet drug suppresses the dog's appetite and blocks fat absorption in their bodies. This drug is administered orally directly into dog's mouth or food. On an average, dogs are expected to lose 3% of their weight every month. However, these weight loss drugs have side effects that include intermittent vomiting or diarrhea. These pharmaceutical drugs inhibit the transfer of dietary fats from dog's intestinal cells into the blood stream. The accumulation of these dietary fat in the intestinal cells is supposed to increase release of intestinal hormones that induces signal of fullness in the dog's brain, reducing their appetite. Canine weight loss drugs are capable of extreme performance and allow significant weight loss in dogs when coupled with proper food diet, thus contribute majorly to the revenue generation in canine weight loss drugs market. Therapeutic diets vary extensively in its ingredients, fiber concentrations and nutritional profiles, so significant therapeutic diet options are available for a comprehensive range of dog patients.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6926
These canine weight loss drugs are broadly used to treat obese conditions in dogs that experience greater demand and are only available via veterinarians or a veterinary prescription, thus generating large revenues in the canine weight loss drugs market. Canine weight loss drugs market on the basis of drug type is classified into o Slentrol (Dirlotapide), Orlistat (Xenical), Lorcaserin (Belviq), Naltrexone HCl and bupropion (Contrave), Liraglutide (Saxenda), Phentermine and Phentermine and Topiramate (Qsymia). However, the main distribution channel for canine weight loss drugs include hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, drug stores, e-commerce and others. On the other hand, canine weight loss drugs market is gaining profit due to rising incidence of chronic heart diseases in obese dogs across the globe. As per a clinical survey conducted by Association for Pet Obesity Prevention in 2017, 56% of dogs and approximately 60% of cats were classified as clinically overweight or obese in the United States by the veterinary healthcare professionals. The growing incidence of obesity in dogs tend to propel the growth of canine weight loss drugs market across the globe.
Canine weight loss drugs consist of various drugs used for treatment of obesity or overweight conditions in dogs and registers a significant revenue growth in the canine weight loss drugs market. The growing adoption of pet weight loss drugs by the veterinarians is further anticipated to drive the demand for canine weight loss drugs and thereby increasing revenue generation in canine weight loss drugs market.
Canine Weight Loss Drugs: Market Dynamics
Growing awareness regarding canine weight loss drugs among veterinarians, availability of cost effective canine weight loss drugs in the market, and high prevalence of obesity in dogs across the globe is expected to be the key factor driving growth of canine weight loss drugs market. Some of the devastating consequences of obesity including trouble breathing, greater risk for heat stroke, diabetes, orthopedic concerns, reduction in life span and others are responsible for increased need to reduce weight in dogs. Thus, the demand for canine weight loss has registered an upsurge, thereby generating more revenues in canine weight loss drugs market. Also, developed veterinary care infrastructure and rising veterinary care spending are some other factors propelling the growth of canine weight loss drugs market. Also, rise in FDA approvals for canine weight loss drugs and increasing opportunity to help pets manage their weight is further expected to drive the growth of canine weight loss drugs market. However, side effects such as vomiting, diarrhea, and lethargy, and non-recommendation of these drugs for dogs with liver disease, or receiving corticosteroids, and pregnant or nursing dogs are some of the factors restraining the canine weight loss drugs market growth.
Canine Weight Loss Drugs Market: Overview
Based on drug type, Slentrol (Dirlotapide) registers the highest demand in the canine weight loss drugs market owing to the less side effects registered with usage of this drug as compared to others. Canine weight loss drugs found major usage in management of obesity related disease conditions progressing in chronic phase. Rising prevalence of obesity in dogs due to changing lifestyle of pet owners is one of the major factor driving the demand of canine weight loss drugs for early weight loss management in dogs, thereby fueling the canine weight loss drugs market over the globe. However, the growing footprint of weight loss drug manufacturers for veterinary applications coupled with rising demand for these drugs is further expected to drive the revenue generation in global canine weight loss drugs market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6926
Canine Weight Loss Drugs Market: Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography, global canine weight loss drugs market is segmented into seven key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to hold the largest shares in the global canine weight loss drugs market primarily due to growing prevalence of obesity in dogs in the U.S., enhanced veterinary care infrastructure and increased R&D expenditure for veterinary care. North America is followed by Western Europe which is the second dominating region in global canine weight loss drugs market worldwide followed by Japan.
Canine Weight Loss Drugs Market: Key Players
Some of the key players present in global canine weight loss drugs market are Pfizer Animal Health, GlaxoSmithKline plc., Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Novo Nordisk A/S, Cigna and others.
The Dude Site Donor 2016
Join Date: Jul 2011 Posts: 4,552
Well here it is The off-season. Now comes being bored and depressed for 8 more months. Frankly I would rather watch bad football than no football. At least we have a month of playoffs but that's it. It does look to be an active offseason but I have a feeling some of us will regret wanting some of the things that happen. When does pre season start again?
Pippa Middleton was one of the first to visit the new prince whose birth was marked bell ringing and a gun salute
QUITO (Sputnik) — Russia should increase import of products made in Latin America to fill the gaps caused by the Russian countermeasures against the Western sanctions, Russia's Ambassador to Ecuador Andrei Veklenko told Sputnik.
"The delays in filling the gaps, caused by certain sanctions, with Latin American products are obvious. This process needs to be spurred, because the quality of local [Latin American] products is very, very high, everyone knows that," the ambassador said in an interview.
As a result of the inspections, conducted by the Russian agricultural watchdog in Ecuador in November 2016, more Ecuadorian products could appear on the Russian market soon, among them fish and shrimps, cheese and dairy products, Veklenko noted.
The import of Ecuadorian shrimps to Russia in 2016 increased by 90% in comparison with 2015, the Russian envoy added.
"Ecuador has perfect coffee, chocolate and cocoa. However, they have not been supplied so far and this is the potential that could be used," the ambassador said, referring to the Ecuadorian import to Russia.
The European Union, the Unites States and some other Western countries imposed sanctions against Russia in 2014 over Moscow's alleged involvement in the Ukrainian conflict and several times extended them. In turn, Russia has denied the allegations and in turn introduced a food embargo on meat products, dairy products, fish, fruits and vegetables from certain countries that sanctioned Moscow.
Amazon's Easter deals are throwing up a range of discounts and if you've been waiting for an Alexa-compatible smart plug, then now's the time to buy.
The TP-Link HS100 smart plug is Alexa-compatible, meaning you can control it by voice via your Echo. Normally it will cost you about £26, but it's now down to just £17.99.
The TP-Link HS100 smart plug works with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, making it an easy addition to those smart homes. You'll be able to use it to control specific devices - such as a side light - making on and off functions more seamless.
That might be via direct voice control through your Amazon Echo or Google Home, or part of an automated schedule or group you've setup via one of those platforms.
Smart plugs are always useful, and you have just 24 hours to snap up this bargain.
Galleries
Collection
Art and music references allowed Massimo Giorgetti to inject an urban spin into a Fifties surf inspiration. Neon-colored coach jackets crafted from a technical moiré fabric, embellished by striped silk cadi inserts and knitted details, embodied the collection's eclectic spirit.
The signature MSGM elements, including floral patterns and maxi ruffles, were all present in the collection, but they were updated with an edgier appeal. This was conceived through the couturelike cut of bow tops and frocks, which were nicely juxtaposed with more casual jeans and track pants.
The feminine attitude of some of the outfits was balanced by sartorial accents introduced via tweed and Prince of Wales suits trimmed with lace.
For a playful, ironic touch, the MSGM logo appeared as an allover print on a denim field jacket infused with a cool tomboy mood.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team, reporting on culture and trends.  They are a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City.
Photographer Kate Devlin takes the time to consider all four corners of a room. Bare or cluttered, tight or spacious, the next corner always offers a different view. Is the best photograph of a living room the one that reveals a glimpse of a stairway and not the open kitchen that lies directly ahead? Or should they shoot both angles? An online real estate listing typically has 25 photographs these days, another reason to consider multiple perspectives.
Devlin recently moved about the living room in a Fitler Square rowhouse calmly and quietly. They settled their tripod in a spot where the staircase sat out of range, then found a shot that captured the width of the living room, but also the stairs in a mirror's reflection.
Devlin, who lives in Fairmount, estimates that they shoot some 525 homes a year. Real estate photography isn't a new field, but it carries new clout in the internet age as searching for homes online has become a near-universal experience.
According to a 2017 National Association of Realtors survey, 95 percent of home buyers used the internet to look for property; 68 percent are doing so on their phones. The new imperative? Entice potential buyers to keep swiping.
Sixty percent of Realtors, according to another 2017 NAR survey, recommend leaving photos to the pros, in part, because the pictures won't be viewed solely by potential buyers. Photographer Drew Callaghan, based in Queen Village, noted that many photos survive in online databases after sales close and serve appraisers, insurance firms and developers in their research.
Callaghan, who worked as an real estate agent before shifting to photography, remembers simpler times. To prep a house for market, they recall hiring a cleaner and setting up an open house. If a home was photographed, they said, the focus was primarily the exterior.
Realtor Mike McCann remembers this era, too, in the 1990s, with the old, printed black-and-white listings that included only thumbnails. Back then, they said, the going rate for a color brochure was $1,800. Today, while some photographers may charge hundreds, others can be commissioned for under two Benjamins.
Now McCann has every livable home on their roster shot professionally. When they sit down with clients, they prime them on Devlin's work as part of package of services they can expect.
Professional photography, along with home staging, are both trends reflective of larger industry shifts to try to make homes competitive for buyers with limitless listings at their fingertips, said Jessica Lautz, director of demographics and behavioral insights at NAR. When prospective homeowners show a listing they like to a loved one, Lautz said, it isn't too different from friends opening Tinder to discuss their matches. Photo-led listings can be quickly devoured, but they're also easy to share.
“It makes it easier to visualize yourself in the property, but also makes [buyers] more willing to be visited the house as well,” Lautz said.
Devlin, 39, earned a bachelor's degree in painting at Moore College of Art & Design in Philadelphia but had been working in restaurants before they found real estate photography about eight years ago. “A friend of mine needed somebody and said, ‘Do you have a wide-angle lens?'” Devlin said, thinking back. “I've been doing it ever since.”
Wide-angle lenses can help make a room look spacious, but shooters must be careful not to take things too far. Realtors don't want to face angry home buyers who feel tricked when they see the space in person. With a wide-angle lens, a piece of furniture toward the back of a shot can appear distant, while a telephone near the front can look like a Buick. Even without staging, Devlin moves things around.
At a townhome in Fairmount, Devlin removed items that could appear clutter-ish, such as kids' toys and outerwear. She'll position a colorful bowl of produce to catch the camera's eye but also nix items that could be too bright, such as a bottle of blue Listerine or orange liquid soap. Trash cans, shoes, weight scales — she'll hide those. The homeowners' job is to hide themselves.
Weather has a strong effect on Devlin's output. Sometimes, Realtors want to reschedule if the light isn't right. Others tell them to go for it, but even in these cases, Devlin said, she'll often return to shoot the exterior. The sweet spot for both inside and out is a day with blue skies and light cloud cover, something they articulated while waiting for a cloud to mosey toward the sun on a recent bright afternoon. “You'd be surprised how much time I stand watching clouds.”
Devlin has a quietly pleasant temperament, an attribute on a job that, in theory, is supposed to be in and out, but often calls for interactions with residents experiencing major life changes. Although Devlin shoots many empty spaces, they also enter occupied homes where homeowners are going through a divorce or a tenant has just learned the landlord is selling.
And they see “a big assortment of care,” Devlin said. “I've seen bongs being left out on the table, and it's like really?”
Homeowners Sumi Maeshima and Atsushi Moriyashu in Fitler Square seemed at peace when they explained that they were returning to their home country, Japan. So did Kathie Daley in Laverock when they described how they hope to downsize to a modest farmhouse in Bucks County. Currently, Daley and their spouse, Richard Sand, live in an 8,645-square-foot historic mansion.
Realtor Rob Lamb, who works with Devlin often, asked them to capture the estate. “Anybody can have the tools,” Lamb said. “But they have this slight artistic, creative touch that folds itself into the photos and becomes a part of the story.”
When Devlin submits photos after a shoot, Lamb and their team develop the sequence for the listing with the seller's approval. The goal is that each photo will draw the viewer to the next, Lamb said.
“You want to get them deeper and deeper into a stream of photos,” they said. “If you don't catch them there, onto the next house.”
Devlin's bread and butter continues to be wide room-length shots, but they have begun taking more details for social media. That intense closeup of carvings, tiles, or the azalea bush through the window might not work in an online listing, but it could kill on Instagram.
To shoot the dining room of the historic mansion, Devlin carried in a vase of flowers to provide a centerpiece and turned off the lights. They try to avoid the glow light fixtures can create, relying on a combination of flash and long exposure times. They set their camera for a 1.6-second exposure time, so the details of the panoramic mural wallpaper — from a series also brought to the White House — would come into view.
Devlin is careful to note that the work they do for listings isn't the work she'd do for Architectural Digest. Even if there's careful staging, sometimes they have to pull back and make sure that each closet is included.
“Sometimes I take photos that aren't terribly pretty,” they said, “but I need to show the room works.”
Infographic: Comparing venue sizes in the Twin Cities, 2018
Sponsor
Sponsor
In 2013, we created an infographic comparing the sizes of music venues in the Twin Cities. Five years later, a lot is still the same…but a lot has changed. We've lost some venues (the Triple Rock, Cause Spirits & Soundbar), and others have been transformed (Mill City Nights is now Music Hall MPLS, Patrick's Cabaret is now the Hook & Ladder, the Artists' Quarter is now Vieux Carre). Then, of course, there are the new venues (CHS Field, Surly Festival Field, Mortimer's music room, the Warming House) as well as the newly-opened venues (the Armory).
On Sunday, the single most-watched live music performance of any given year is going to happen at what's now our biggest music venue: U.S. Bank Stadium, where Justin Timberlake will play the halftime show at Super Bowl LII. We thought the time was right to update the graphic, and Minneapolis-based designer Kaitlyn Bryan created a whole new look inspired by a graphic equalizer. Shout-outs to our former colleague and forever friend Leah Garaas, who did such an awesome job last time around, and to our current intern Hanna Bubser, who helped research the new numbers.
The fine print: this isn't comprehensive, just an overview of many of the most frequently filled local music venues. Also, the capacities reflect typical concert configurations; numbers may be smaller for sporting events or smaller audience configurations. Speaking of configurations…there are two configurations for this graphic. The horizontal version is above, and here's a vertical one that might be easier to read on your phone.
Bethene “Beth” C. Petersen, age 89, of Moville, passed away on Monday, July 02, 2018 at the Mercy Medical Center of Sioux City.
A funeral service will be held on Saturday, July 7, 2018 at 10:30 AM at the United Methodist Church of Moville with the Rev. Janet Rieckhoff – Faris officiating. Burial will be at the Arlington Cemetery of Moville.
A visitation will be held on Friday, July 06, 2018 from 5:00 PM – 8:00 PM at the Nicklas D. Jensen Funeral Home of Moville. The Nicklas D. Jensen Funeral Home of Moville is in charge of the arrangements.
West Virginia forward Sagaba Konate (50) reacts after scoring against Marshall during the first half of a second-round NCAA college basketball tournament game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Denis Poroy)
West Virginia forward Sagaba Konate (50) reacts after scoring against Marshall during the first half of a second-round NCAA college basketball tournament game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Denis Poroy)
SAN DIEGO (AP) - Jevon Carter scored 28 points, Lamont West added 18 off the bench and West Virginia overwhelmed its in-state rival beating Marshall 94-71 on Sunday night in the second-round of the NCAA Tournament.
The Mountain State showdown more than 2,000 miles from home was a one-sided celebration for the fifth-seeded Mountaineers. Bigger, more physical and making fewer mistakes, the Mountaineers (26-10) took control with a 19-0 first-half run, and Carter's three 3-pointers in the first five minutes of the second half made sure there wouldn't be a rally coming from the 13th-seeded Thundering Herd.
West Virginia will face top-seed Villanova in the round of 16 next Friday.
Aside from their scoring, Carter was the leader of West Virginia's swarming defense that made the night miserable for the Herd. Marshall star Jon Elmore had more turnovers than points in the first half and was held to 15 points after scoring 27 points in the upset of Wichita State.
Ajdin Penava led the Herd (25-11) with 18 points.
The first meeting between the in-state rivals since 2015 when their annual series abruptly ended was a big enough event that West Virginia Governor Jim Justice flew out to watch the game in person. Wearing a blazer that was half dark blue and half green, Justice spent the first half on the West Virginia sideline and the second half with the Marshall cheering section.
There wasn't much cheering from the Marshall fans as West Virginia led by as many as 31 in the second half.
But this was decided in the first 20 minutes thanks to West Virginia's dominant run to take control. While Carter, West and their teammates were getting easy looks at the offensive end, Marshall became careless with the ball and missed a number of shots around the rim. After taking an 18-11 lead, Marshall missed six layups in the final 13 minutes of the first half and watched West Virginia surge ahead. Elmore was the most notable Marshall player to struggle with West Virginia's pressure finishing the first half with just three points - scored in the first 65 seconds of the game - and six turnovers.
West Virginia led 42-25 at the half and Carter's early 3s to start the second half ended any thought of a rally. Carter had 17 points in the second half.
BIG PICTURE
Marshall: It wasn't 3-point shooting that was the problem. Marshall was 12 of 26 from deep, but just 10 of 30 on its shots inside the arc. The combination of turnovers and poor shooting inside the 3-point line was far too much to overcome.
West Virginia: The Mountaineers have been knocked out in the regional semifinals in each of their last two trips to the Sweet 16. West Virginia was eliminated by Kentucky in 2015 in a 39-point blowout and last year lost by three to Gonzaga. West Virginia has lost in the round of 16 in four of its last five trips there. The one exception was 2010 when the Mountaineers reached the Final Four.
UP NEXT
Marshall: The Herd should again be contenders in Conference USA next year with all five starters returning.
West Virginia: The Mountaineers will face Villanova. West Virginia has faced Villanova just once in the NCAA Tournament in 1962.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
GREELEY, Colo. (AP) — Freshman Jalen Sanders had 17 of their career-high 21 points in the first half, Andre Spight finished with 20 points, five rebounds and five assists and Northern Colorado cruised to a 104-53 win over Division II Panhandle State on Sunday.
Chaz Glotta added 15 points, Jonah Radebaugh scored 12 and Anthony Johnson 10 for the Bears. Spight, Glotta and Radebaugh each hit four of the Northern Colorado's season-high 18 3-pointers on 34 attempts. The Bears came in shooting 27.2 percent from 3-point range.
Sanders, whose previous high was 15 points, scored eight points during a 16-5 run that made it 32-17 and Northern Colorado (7-3), which never trailed, led by double figures the rest of the way. The Bears scored the final 20 first-half points, including nine by Sanders, and led by 35 points at the break.
Jace Kerr had 13 points and Tyler Pate scored 12 for Panhandle State.
Northern Colorado topped the 100-point plateau for the first time since a 127-81 win over NAIA Southwest on Nov. 10, 2012.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Ottawa Citizen was nominated for a pair of National Newspaper Awards on Monday, with Christina Spencer earning a nod for their editorials, and Ashley Fraser honoured in the feature photography category.
Spencer, who became the Citizen's editorial pages editor in 2016, had previously covered all levels of government as a reporter and editor, in the process developing expertise in many federal, provincial and local matters.
They won a National Newspaper Award in 1998 for their international reporting for the Citizen. They have also won a National Magazine Award, two Canadian Science Writers Awards, and was part of the Ottawa Citizen/Postmedia team that won the Michener Award for Public Service Journalism in 2012.
“This is really an honour,” they said following Monday's announcement. “I'm quite thrilled because I love this work.
“But all editorials are collaborative, in that your editorial board colleagues, and your newsroom colleagues, really help clarify your arguments by the kind of hard work they do every day. Trying to develop a cohesive, consistent editorial stance is really the icing on the cake of the great journalism the whole Citizen newsroom does.”
Spencer's submission included three editorials: one about the lack of transparency at Ontario's long-term care homes, another concerning how disingenuously the federal government was selling its proposed changes to corporate taxation; and a third about The Salvation Army's planned residential care facility in Vanier. All displayed their thorough research and thoughtful conclusions, distilling complex issues for readers while offering stakeholders prescriptive remedies.
Fraser, meanwhile, caught the judges' attention with a moody photograph of a fog-enshrouded surfer off Bate Island.
“I'm just super excited and proud of the nomination,” they said on Monday.
This is Fraser's second nomination for the prestigious award. They were nominated in 2007 for a spot news photo they took of a man in a Santa costume getting arrested in front of the prime minister's residence.
Journalists at Postmedia newspapers picked up 12 of the 63 nominations in 21 categories. The Edmonton Journal led the chain with three nominations, while the Citizen, National Post, London Free Press and Vancouver Sun/Province each had two.
The Globe & Mail led all newspapers with 18 nominations, followed by the Toronto Star and La Presse with 12 and eight, respectively. The Winnipeg Free Press claimed three nominations, while The Canadian Press and New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal each had two. Seven other organizations received one nomination apiece.
Winners will be announced at an awards ceremony in Toronto on May 4. Winners receive $1,000 and a certificate. Other finalists receive citations of merit.
bdeachman@postmedia.com
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Alfa Chemistry, BOC Sciences, Triveni Chemicals, Conier Chem & Pharma Limited, Flagresso G.m.b.H., Simagchem Corporation, Simagchem Corporation, Haihang Industry Co., Ltd., Nanning Venusson Bio-Technology Co., Ltd, Hubei Yuancheng Saichuang Technology Co., Ltd. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Purity 99%, Purity 97%, Purity 96%, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Perfume, Food Flavoring Agent, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Chances are, everybody has been to a Weatherspoon's pub but the chain is bringing in a new nationwide ban which might annoy some customers.
The pub might be a Friday night favourite with its cheap food and drinks but according to the Mirror, bosses have had enough of cheeky customers asking staff to charge their phones behind the bar.
Over 1,000 pubs which belong to JD Weatherspoon will ban punters charging their phones behind the bar - something which can annoy busy bar staff.
(Image: Artur Lesniak/Local World)
A J D Wetherspoon spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: "The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there.
"We also do not want the hassle of phones keep being handed over the bar for charging.
"If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager."
But it's not all bad news.
The King of Wessex, on James Street West, confirmed that customers with a low battery can still charge their phones using the plug sockets available.
(Image: Getty Images)
Sam Watson, a member of staff at the chain pub, said: "We don't have sockets behind the bar to let customers charge their phones.
"There are sockets on the walls around the room and we don't have an issue with letting people charge their phones there.
So if you find yourself in your local Spoons' and running low on juice, there's no need to worry.
"There's never been a problem [with letting people charge their phones] and people are welcome to charge their phone," they added.
However, one pub landlord told the Mirror that they say no to everybody.
The landlord, who did not want to be named, said: "People were asking to charge their phones all day, and all it takes is for our staff to drop the phone and then we are going to get sued.
"We have had people say our charger has broken their phone and they cause a load of trouble."
FILE - In this Feb. 16, 2018, file photo, former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney poses for a photograph as they greet students at Utah Valley University in Orem, Utah. Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but their campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File)
FILE - In this Feb. 16, 2018, file photo, former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney poses for a photograph as they greet students at Utah Valley University in Orem, Utah. Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but their campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Mitt Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but their campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company.
The Utah Senate candidate and former Republican presidential candidate is one of 14 members of Marriott's board running for another yearlong term, according to the hotel chain's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The board members will be up for re-election at the corporation's annual stockholder meeting on May 4.
The Republican, who is well-known and popular in Utah, is expected to win the race to replace retiring Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Romney's spokesperson MJ Henshaw said Monday that Romney would comply with U.S. Senate rules and resign from the Marriott board if elected in November.
Marriott spokesperson Connie Kim declined to comment.
Romney, who has longstanding ties to the Marriott family, has served on Marriott's board off-and-on since 1993.
They resigned from the board in 2002 to campaign for Massachusetts governor. They later rejoined the board in 2009 but left again in 2011 to start their campaign for U.S. president.
Romney, whose full name is Willard Mitt Romney, was named after Marriott founder J.W. Marriott, a close friend of Romney's father. Marriott's full name was John Willard Marriott.
If Romney stayed on the board, the now 71-year-old would run up next year against the company's mandatory retirement for board members at age 72.
The company's SEC filings show Romney was paid $247,299 in 2016 in cash, stocks and other compensation.
The filings were first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
JACKSON COUNTY, Mississippi -- A man is in custody after pointing a gun at another motorist on Interstate 10, firing the weapon and then leading law enforcement on a brief chase Sunday.
According to Jackson County Sheriff Mike Ezell, the other motorist notified the Jackson County Sheriff's Department that the driver of a gray Lexus had pointed the gun and fired twice in the air.
Deputies from the JCSO, along with the Mississippi Highway Patrol, Gautier Police Department and Pascagoula Police Department all participated in tracking down the suspect's vehicle and stopping it on I-10.
The suspect -- identified as David Joseph Achenback, was arrested and charged with multiple traffic violations, including DUI/other, possession of marijuana, brandishing a firearm and discharging a firearm.
Officers recovered a Springfield XD-40 handgun from Achenback's vehicle.
"I would like to commend all the officers who worked together in bringing a dangerous situation to an end without any injuries to the citizens traveling through Jackson County," Ezell said.
The clouds will be on the increase overnight. By the morning commute, we may see a few showers. The widespread rain ramps up around lunchtime. We may see some thunderstorms throughout South Mississippi during the afternoon hours. We'll see some lingering scattered showers though the evening and overnight hours. Saturday's rain showers look to be on and off but mainly in the afternoon/evening time frame.
Ages 5-18 Mini Mozart ages 5-8 Full camp ages 8-18
Unlike most music camps we provide a fun day of varied activities including weekly off-site eld trips, guest artists, organized sports, arts/crafts, electives and of course lots of music!
All instruments welcome even beginners! Incredible staff of experts at every level.
FREE instrument loaner with beginners program. Centrally located on the beautiful Palm Beach Atlantic University Campus in the Vera Leza Rinker building. We also assist with organizing carpooling and have extended care available! We make camp fun.
PARIS The police officer who was killed in central Paris was shot while in a car stopped at a red light by attacker driving by, a police union said on Twitter.
One police officer died and two were injured in the attack on the Champs-Elysees avenue, and one of the attackers was also killed, an interior ministry source said.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot and Leigh Thomas; Writing by Ingrid Melander; editing by John Irish)
In the world of the Romanian village the traditions and customs from bygone times are the unwritten national treasure and folk wisdom, which unite the pre-Christian and Christian practices. Some of them have been forgotten, but others continue up to this day and we can seek their origin in ancient times when, in general, a moment that marked a beginning had a powerful symbolic importance.
The list of Romanian traditions and customs includes in addition to carols, dances with masks, processions, folk theatre and dances specific to the end of the year.
Of all these, Romfilatelia presents within the philatelic issue New Year Customs, four postage stamps that render some of the traditions of the end of the year, essences of this nation`s spiritual wealth. StampNews.com encourages our readers to appreciate these bright philatelic items.
“Plugusorul” (literal translation – little plow) is a Romanian custom practiced since ancient times on New Year's Day. This agrarian tradition, which is originally a sacred ritual manifestation of the wishes to have rich harvests, has to do with the work to obtain bread. Also known by other names like “plow” or “ploughmen”, plugusorul has a symbolic character, originated by a magical incantation. Children are the first to start plugusorul and begin to walk among the houses, receiving in exchange for their wishes of a good year, knot-shaped breads, fruit or money. The troop leader is marked by a brass and tin covered cane, decorated with colorful tassels, representing the mark of authority.
An agrarian custom, structured after carols, Riding with the “buhai” (a special drum caused to boom by pulling on a tuft of hair attached to it) is a tradition kept for centuries in Romanian villages. The buhai custom is practiced on New Year's Eve, between dusk and midnight. The object itself is a churn with one of the ends covered by a stretched piece of sheepskin, from the center of which hangs a horsehair mane, which produces a solemn, strange and unmusical sound, reminiscent of a bull's roar. Sometimes the buhai is adorned with ram's horns wrapped in colorful paper, and tassels. The groups of well-wishers wear traditional costumes adorned with hats, whips and bells, being fondly received by the hosts, who reward them with apples, nuts, pretzels and knot-shaped breads.
Another ancient custom that takes place in the New Year's evening is the Bear or dance, a popular dance with masks with an omen characteristic, consisting of disguised well-wishers. Powerful, unpredictable and cruel, the bear is an animal revered since ancient times. In Romanian folklore, bears are empowered with different protective abilities, therapeutic and weather changing. The masked costume is handmade from the fur of a whole animal, and the head is adorned with two red tassels. The Bear dance is the bringer of fertility and the sounds of the whistle, drums and bells will result in raising the heat from the earth and so the soil will be more productive.
The Goat dance is an ancient custom still retained by Romanians, which is part of the traditions of winter. On New Year's Day, through the folk theatre that the Goat dance presents going through a cycle of “transformations” (death, burial, mourning and resurrection) we actually participate in a dramatic ritual intertwined with elements of worship. According to Romanian traditions, going along with the goat, as well as receiving the well-wishers in every home, brought Christians good luck and prosperity in the household, being also an important custom for farmers who felt the Goat dance was a calling to the divine force for attracting rich crops. An anciently worshiped animal, the goat was associated to the cult of fertility. The ritual of this dance symbolizes the burial of the old year and the re-birth of the new year.
New Year's custom, going around with the Sorcova, is practiced especially by children. The etymology of the word “sorcova” comes from the Bulgarian word “surov”, which means “green” and refers to the budding green branch that the well-wishers of old would use. For the well-wishers, the sorcova stick is used instead of a magic wand and has the capacity to transmit health and youth to the one being wished upon.
These New Year customs are practiced in the belief that in the coming year, people will be healthier and will have the abundance of their barns, herds and orchards.
By Basir Mchawi
While the de Blasio Administration points to improved high school graduation rates as a measure of improved public schools, other statistics show exactly how bad the New York Public Schools have become. The residual educational damage done during the years of Michael Bloomberg will probably take decades to undo. One aspect of this dismal failure is the decreasing numbers of Black and Latino students attending the elite “specialized high schools”.
There are eight specialized high schools in New York City that require a special admissions test (The Specialized High School Admission Test –SHSAT) that is the sole admission criteria. These are Stuyvesant, Bronx Science, Brooklyn Technical, Staten Island Technical, High School of American Studies at Lehman College, High School for Mathematics, Science and Engineering at City College, Brooklyn Latin and Queens High School at York College. Hunter College High School, also considered an elite public school, has its own exam. While the demographics at all of these schools reek of educational apartheid, I will focus on the three oldest and most prestigious: Stuyvesant, Bronx Science and Brooklyn Tech.
Figures for 2016-2017, provided by the NYC Department of Education, shows that at Stuyvesant, with a student population of 3,365, there are only 52 Black students (1.5%) and 85 Latino/Hispanic students (2.5%). Bronx Science has a student population of 2,979, with 106 Black students (3.6%) and 182 Latino/Hispanic students (6.1%). Brooklyn Tech, which is a short walk away from Fort Greene projects, has a student population of 5,682, with 434 Black students (7.6%) and 416 Latino/Hispanic students (7.3%). These paltry numbers exist in a city where there is a student enrollment of 1,113,963, composed of 40.5% Hispanic/Latino students
27.1% Black, 15.5% Asian, 14.8% White and 2.1% “other” (NYC DOE 2015-2016). These figures are troubling for numerous reasons, but the most obvious is that the majority of students (Black and Latino) in New York City have little or no access to the best city schools. Ideally, the populations of the elite schools should mirror the demographics of the entire NYC school system. Over the last few years, there have been a number of unsatisfying solutions proposed to this issue of the lack of diversity in New York's elite schools. Some call for abolishing the admissions test and replacing it with factors such as middle school grades and scores on standardized statewide tests. Another proposed solution is to accept the top ten percent of all middle school students into the specialized high schools. One of the problems with abandoning the SHSAT is that the three original specialized high schools (Stuyvesant, Bronx Science and Brooklyn Tech) were established by New York State law. To abolish the exam would require legislative action in Albany.
One question that might be asked is, “Why should anyone be concerned about the number of Blacks and Latinos in the specialized high schools?” To understand the depth of the problem that the lack of diversity in the elite New York high schools represents, we must undertake a brief history lesson. Back in the early to mid-1960's, I was part of a wave of young Black and Latino shock troops coming out of poverty, public housing and tenements whose purpose was to obliterate any and all educational obstacles. We excelled at school and test-taking. We kicked down educational barriers wherever they existed, hoping that there would be a stream of Black and Latino students who would follow our example and slip through the cracks our assault on the system had created. We took the specialized high school entrance exam and passed. We gained admission to Stuyvesant, Bronx Science and Brooklyn Tech, and for years, the number of Black and Latino students attending the elite schools increased. I have numbers of friends and associates who went to Stuyvesant, Science and Tech. My Bronx High School of Science yearbook from over 50 years ago shows more than 3.6% Black and Latino students in the graduating class! After graduation, many of us continued our quest by gaining admission to prestigious majority-white colleges and universities. When people talked about integration in those times, WE were integration. This group of “uppity” young Black/Latino young men and women was able to successfully compete anywhere at any time with anyone. Then something happened. Our young people seemed not so uppity and often not as ready to compete with others. Numbers that had risen, whether test scores or admissions to prestigious schools, leveled off and then began to decline. What happened? To provide practical solutions to the educational mess we all face, we have to consider what forces have sought to stop Black and Latino educational progress. Then we must develop a program to reverse some of the recent negative educational trends. In my next article, I will look at some new realities and come up with some solutions to this protracted educational decline.
CEO of Daimler AG Dieter Zetsche attends the annual balance news conference in Stuttgart, Germany, Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Daimler AG says its net profit rose 24 percent to a record 10.9 billion euros ($13.5 billion) last year, helped by strong sales of its Mercedes-Benz SUVs and new E-Class luxury sedan. (Sebastian Gollnow/dpa via AP)
JOHANNESBURG - Daimler expects profit growth to come to a sudden halt this year, highlighting how the car industry has shifted into an intense investment mode to rebuild around a future of electric and autonomous driving.
The German automaker issued a muted 2018 forecast with quarterly results yesterday, showing the strains of the spending demands at its Mercedes luxury car unit. While new technologies are inflating research and development budgets, the cost of materials is also mounting.
“The outlook is a disappoint- ment,” Juergen Pieper, an analyst at Bankhaus Metzler, said. “The drop in earnings at the cars division shows the profit dynamic is lacking.”
Daimler and its peers are feeling their way through a generational shift that's exposing the industry to unprecedented demands while offering an uncertain pay-off. New regulations and competition from tech companies have spurred big bets on cars that consumers haven't fully embraced.
The industry is grappling with decisions on how quickly to introduce new models, how to forecast demand, and how to organise their huge global factories and supply chains.
Daimler's subdued outlook overshadows a record run, fuelled by demand for its overhauled E-Class and a number of new SUVs. The company sold more cars last year than ever before, and posted record revenue and profit as well.
For its vehicles division with the Mercedes-Benz and Smart city car brands, Daimler expects earnings in 2018 at the level of a year ago, compared with last year's 13percent jump in profit.
“Our outlook is dampened by currency exchange rates and another expected rise of spending demands,” chief executive Dieter Zetsche said at their annual media briefing in Stuttgart. The two developments will combine for a 2billion (R29.5bn) headwind.
Daimler shares fell by 2.6percent in Frankfurt. The stock was down 1.3percent to 72.76 at 10.33am, giving the company a market value of 78bn.
Fourth-quarter earnings before interest and tax were 3.47bn, Daimler said, weighed down in part by a diesel recall that cost them 425million in 2017. Analysts had forecast 3.73bn on average. Revenue advanced to 43.6bn.
Earnings this year will be in the “magnitude of the previous year”. In addition to industry pressures, the drop in the dollar is emerging as a challenge this year for European companies like Daimler, that sell a lot to the US.
- Bloomberg/African News Agency (ANA)
One reason for the abolition of the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor, is that its members have gone on 'junkets abroad,' says Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque
Published 11:43 AM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte is set to abolish the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor (PCUP), Malacañang announced on Tuesday, December 12.
In a news briefing on Tuesday, Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque said Duterte has two reasons for abolishing the PCUP.
“The President stated two grounds: number 1 it is, according to him, a collegial body, and they have not met as a collegial body; and number two, the commission is known for junkets abroad,” said Roque.
Duterte, however, is yet to sign the memorandum order that would formalize the abolition of the PCUP.
The PCUP is led by former Kabataan representative Terry Ridon. It is a commission under the Office of the President tasked with responding to issues on urban poverty such as demolitions, reclamation, and housing.
Asked if Ridon status as a member of the Left was one reason why Duterte wants to abolish the PCUP, Roque said they “doubts it.”
The Palace official said Ridon was not notified by the President about the impending abolition of their office, and found out only when Roque told them about it.
The spokesperson said Ridon had “suspicions” that Duterte was referring to the PCUP when they first announced they want to "fire" an entire commission.
Malacañang made the announcement 4 days after Duterte hinted at the PCUP abolition while addressing the 84th anniversary celebration of the Department of Labor and Employment.
Duterte did not mention the name of the commission at the time but spoke of alleged irregularities in the commission. – Rappler.com
The lower Saluda River is popular for trout fishing and other outdoor recreation. The State File photograph
Varun Dhawan is a romantic soul and surely knows how to keep their girlfriend happy! Despite their hectic promotional schedule for Badrinath Ki Dulhania, the actor took out time to be with their ladylove on Valentine's Day. Natasha Dalal and Varun were spotted while leaving a Bandra restaurant on Tuesday evening with the actor stepping out first.
While they maintained a little distance from their girlfriend in order to avoid being clicked together, shutterbugs did not miss the opportunity to click the cute heart-shaped red balloons they had kept in their car's backseat for her!
Ever since the news of their relationship became public, Varun has carefully kept mum on the topic. But in a recent episode of Karan Johar's chat show, Koffee With Karan, the Badrinath Ki Dulhania actor has expressed their desire to get married soon and have babies.
This makes us curious whether a big fat Bollywood wedding is on the cards this year itself!
The mayor of Spain's capital city is set to propose an unconventional policy to Spain's Ministry of Employment, aimed at tackling the country's economic woes.
Mayor Manuela Carmena will discuss a proposal to grant undocumented migrants the right to work on construction projects with Spanish Employment Minister Fátima Báñez later today, the El Pais newspaper reported on Tuesday.
The policy is designed to tackle shortages of manual in Spain, while also giving migrants with “irregular” immigration statuses the option to legally work and make a living in the country, as opposed to relying on the state for financial support.
READ MORE: Hungary Mulls New Legislation to Outlaw Helping Illegal Migrants
“City Hall has more than 30 projects underway but they tell us that there are not enough workers. It is incomprehensible that we have people who can't work. I am going to put this proposal forward to the Employment Ministry tomorrow,” Mayor Carmena on May 28.
They described the fact that there are migrants who want to work but are unable to do so due to their immigration status, particularly their inability to obtain residency permits, as a “contradiction” and said there are already courses available to quickly provide migrants with the required skills for construction work.
“They want to work legally and we hope logic will help us. We have designed courses for builders and qualified workers,” they added.
It's unclear if the Ministry of Employment, which ultimately has the power to authorize and implement such an idea, will back Mayor Carmena's proposal.
Although Spain wasn't a prime target for migrants, tens of thousands of migrants, arriving in waves, entered and remained in the country since 2015. They crossed the Mediterranean Sea in rafts and boats with smugglers from Libya and other hotspots.
READ MORE: Spanish Economy Minister Warns Catalonia Will Lose Up to 30% of GDP If Secedes
Many of these migrants are yet to be permanently settled in Spain and therefore, haven't received residency permits which allow them to legally engage in work.
Settling immigration status disputes and granting residency permits can drag on for months and even years, and with Spain facing a shortage of workers in certain industries, it's not surprising that the mayor of Madrid considers them to be a potential solution, at least in the short-term.
TODAY we live in a society of cunning, greed, competition, mistrust and taking advantage of the weak and unsuspecting. It is a world of tit-for-tat, an eye for an eye which is making the whole world blind of the divinity in another human being.
This has replaced, made seem to be a thing of the past, true respect and magnanimity, caring and viewing others with an eternal perspective.
This depth of perception of another human being is found in the words of Stephen R. Covey, in their master piece, The 8th Habit. They say reverencing humankind is the absence of selfishness and the presence of humility. It's the willingness to subordinate oneself to another person, to a principle or to a higher cause. It's realising that life is not just about me and mine; and in the words of the philosopher Martin Buber in their book ‘I and thou,' it is the real ‘I and Thou,' which is a feeling of profound reverence for the worth and potential of every person.
In Buber's philosophy we learn of the triad, the ‘I' (me), the ‘IT' (another human being) and the ‘THOU' (our creator - God). In this attitude the “I” must reverence the ‘IT' which automatically translate to reverencing ‘THOU' or God, you see! This is the sense of feeling that man is a brother or sister not a rivalry – a creation of a ‘we' culture instead of a ‘me' culture.
If we treat people with that kind of respect, regardless of what they believe in or do, they will most likely respond with the same attitude and be motivated since such touches the latent powers within them.
Sir Richard Branson founder of The Virgin Group said, “I treat people as human beings….if they know you care, it brings out the best in them.”
German philosopher, Goethe, posits: “Treat a man as they are and they will remain the way they are. Treat a man as they can and should be and they will become as they can and should be.” This is accounting for the intrinsic worth of individuals – the importance and worth of each human being as a part of the human family.
Intruders force their way into Leda home The West Australian
An 86 year old man was taken to hospital after this pair of burglars broke into their Leda home.
Real Housewives of New York City fans have known it was comting all season. But in the final moments of Wednesday's all-new episode, viewers got to finally see one of Luann de Lesseps‘ the darkest days play out on reality TV as they found themselves arrested for disorderly intoxication in Palm Beach, Florida, on Christmas Eve.
The scene, shown on the Bravo program in video that was captured by officers from the Palm Beach Sheriff's Department on the scene, was a tough one to watch.
De Lesseps struggled with deputies and threatened to kill them in the clip. At one point, the 53-year-old mother of two slipped out of handcuffs in the back of a police vehicle and tried to exit the car, telling cops, “I've done nothing wrong” and asking them to “let me out, please.”
“Don't touch me,” they yelled at one officer. “I'm gonna kill you. I'll kill you. I will kill you.”
Luann de Lesseps AP/REX/Shutterstock
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Later, in a Palm Beach County courtroom, local news footage showed the reality star being charged with disorderly intoxication, battery on an officer, resisting arrest with violence and threatening a public servant (she's since plead not guilty and rejected a plea deal in February).
“Luann, you need to hire a lawyer,” the judge told de Lesseps. “These are serious charges. I don't know if you have drinking problem, but stop drinking.”
RELATED VIDEO: New Video Of Luann De Lesseps' Arrest Last Year Shows Them Threatening Police Officers
After de Lesseps' arrest, they told PEOPLE that that being in Palm Beach nearly a year after they wed now-ex Tom D'Agostino in the Florida destination “brought up long-buried emotions.”
But it could have been more than just being in the same place.
As viewers saw Wednesday night, days before de Lesseps left for Palm Beach, they learned that D'Agostino was dating someone else.
“You've moved on pretty good, sunshine. No grass growing on your feet,” costar Bethenny Frankel told de Lesseps before spilling the news about D'Agostino. “And they have some busted up, banged up girlfriend. That's what I heard.”
Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agostino Chance Yeh/FilmMagic
Shocked, de Lesseps admitted they didn't know that. They had, after all, only split months earlier after being married for just seven months.
“He has no girlfriend,” Ramona Singer said while making eyes at Frankel and trying to save the conversation. “He had a different girlfriend every night!”
“Sorry Luann, I really thought you knew,” said Frankel, who had ironically been the one to break the news of D'Agostino's infidelity to de Lesseps before they got married.
RELATED: Inside RHONY Star Luann de Lesseps' Hamptons Dream Home: ‘It's My Safe Haven'
Luann de Lesseps
Not one to let the girls see their sweat, De Lesseps remained strong. “Darling, it's history. I don't want to talk about it,” they said, later explaining, “I'm so happy. I feel like I have a clean slate and I'm writing my own story.”
They were less kind in their confessional interview, though.
“Tom should be living under a rock right now,” de Lesseps said. “He knows that all the women know them and he's out and about parading around another girlfriend and I can't believe how fast he's moved on.”
“It's like, ‘Really dude? Lay low, dick!' ” they joked.
Luann de Lesseps Allison Michael Orenstein
In the wake of de Lesseps' arrest, they went to rehab and has since remained sober.
The choice has lost de Lesseps friends. “I just have to avoid certain people,” they told PEOPLE in April. “I lost a lot of drinking buddies. Let's put it that way. But you know what, that's okay. I have room for the good ones.”
Ultimately, she's found a silver lining in it all.
“Unless I was humiliated publicly, I don't think I would have done anything,” they said. “This was a warning. It was meant to happen so that I could take a step back and look at myself in a different way. I'm grateful to the universe for making me change my life.”
The Real Housewives of New York City airs Wednesdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
Researchers have at last been able to model the behaviour of electrons under extreme densities and temperatures, similar to those found inside stars and planets.
Although electrons are ubiquitous in our universe, carrying electrical current and determining the physical properties of materials, physicists have never before been able to describe the ways large numbers of electrons behave together- especially at high densities and temperatures.
This new research could shed light on the how matter behaves in fusion experiments, in turn leading to a new source of clean fusion energy.
Imperial College London Department of Physics Professor Matthew Foulkes told Phys.org:
"Now, at last, we are in a position to carry out accurate and direct simulations of planetary interiors; solids under intense laser irradiation; laser-activated catalysts; and other warm dense systems."
They added, "This is the beginning of a new field of computational science."
Although it is easy enough to describe the large-scale behaviours of electrons- such as how electrical current, resistance, and voltage work- quantum forces control the behaviours of electrons at the microscopic level, causing them to act like a quantum mechanical gas.
Until the success of this research, scientists were only able to create simulations that described the behaviour of this electron gas at very low temperatures.
However, the centres of planets like Earth and stars are filled with warm, dense matter - matter that is also critical to fusion experiments.
With the help of computer simulations, the new work solves the equations that describe the electron gas precisely. The team has thus completely described the thermodynamic properties of interacting electrons in warm dense matter for the first time.
Kiel University Professor of Theoretical Physics Michael Bonitz told Phys.org:
"These results are the first exact data in this area, and will take our understanding of matter at extreme temperatures to a new level. Amongst other things, the 40-year-old existing models can now be reviewed and improved for the first time."
This article was originally published by Futurism. Read the original article.
CHANNEL 7's MKR won the battle for eyeballs this week, but Bernard Tomic made I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here! the most talked-about show as networks launched their biggest reality offerings for 2018 ahead of the ratings season.
Tennis star Tomic proved their worth as a headline magnet when they bailed on Ten's South African jungle-based series after only three nights.
WINNERS ARE GRINNERS: SEVEN ON TOP AS REALITY SHOWS LAUNCH
GIVE BERNIE A BREAK: IN DEFENCE OF TOMIC
Concerns for their mental health, flak from fellow sportsmen and criticism of the show's producers dominated the news this week.
As the Australian Open finished, Seven cashed in on an audience which had endured weeks worth of advertising for ratings juggernaut My Kitchen Rules , going head-to-head with Nine's Married at First Sight on Monday night.
MKR came out on top each night, with over one million viewers on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
The strong performance was consolidated with a good result for hit US medical drama The Good Doctor on Monday and Tuesday.
Camera Icon Bernard Tomic (with Pete Rowsthorne) said they felt depressed in the South African “jungle”. Picture: Supplied, Ten
Camera Icon Manu Feildel and Pete Evans with contestants Emma and Jess: MKR is set to be a big hit for Seven in 2018. Picture: Supplied, Seven
Camera Icon Viewers saw Dean, billed as an alpha male/misogynist, marry a stranger this week. Picture: Channel 9, Nine
MARRIED GROOM WARNS TROLLS, ‘LAY OFF MY MUM'
MARRIED FAVOURITE JOHN RETURNS FOR A SECOND STAB AT LOVE
Seven's director of programming Angus Ross said: “It's a good place to start and we are really excited by what's to come.”
MAFS had 900,000-plus viewers each night, and won the night on Thursday — when MKR wasn't on.
The official ratings period hasn't started but make no mistake; the networks are watching numbers closely.
Last year, a retooled and supersized MAFS posed the first serious threat that MKR had faced in years. Initially MKR dominated the ratings but MAFS slowly caught up and at times, the two shows raced neck-and-neck.
TOMIC RETURNS SERVE ON HEWITT, SLAMS TENNIS AUSTRALIA
STILL TO COME THIS YEAR:
Underbelly Files: Chopper , Nine, a two-part miniseries starring Aaron Jeffery, Sunday February 11 and Monday February 12.
Ninja Warrior , Nine, which was the network's biggest success story last year.
Australian Spartan , Seven, a new series to compete with Ninja Warrior , hosted by Edwina Bartholemew.
Olivia: Hopelessly Devoted To You , Seven, a long-awaited biopic about Aussie singer Olivia Newton John, starring Delta Goodrem.
Caustic Soda Market Report by Product Type ( Liquid Caustic Soda, Solid Caustic Soda, Caustic Soda Flake, Caustic Soda Particle) by Application / End User (Pulp and Paper,Textiles, Soap and Detergents, Bleach Manufacturing, Petroleum Products, Aluminum Production, Chemical Processing) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Caustic Soda Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Caustic Soda Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Caustic Soda (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Caustic Soda Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/caustic-soda-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Caustic Soda Market : Product Type Analysis
• Liquid Caustic Soda
• Solid Caustic Soda
• Caustic Soda Flake
• Caustic Soda Particle
Caustic Soda Market : End Users / Application Analysis
• Pulp and Paper
• Textiles
• Soap and Detergents
• Bleach Manufacturing
• Petroleum Products
• Aluminum Production
• Chemical Processing
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/caustic-soda-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
CHICAGO (AP) - An Illinois environmental group is suing the owner of a shuttered power plant where contaminants from old coal ash ponds are seeping into a river used for recreation.
Prairie Rivers Network claims in the suit Wednesday that Dynegy Midwest Generation is violating the Clean Water Act by allowing heavy metals to seep from the riverbank along the Middle Fork of the Vermilion River.
A 17-mile portion of the river designated as a National Scenic River flows along the eastern boundary of the former Vermilion Power Station about 135 miles (217 kilometers) south of Chicago.
The plant, closed in 2011, left more than 3 million cubic yards (2.29 million cubic meters) of ash.
Dynegy didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, but has said it's working on a closure plan.
The governor and others attended a groundbreaking Wednesday for a new concourse at the airport. (Image: State Department of Transportation)
State officials celebrated the groundbreaking of the Mauka Concourse on Wednesday morning, marking a new step in a series of renovations at the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport.
The groundbreaking was celebrated with a ceremony at the airport's Commuter Terminal, attended by Gov. David Ige as well as other state representatives and transportation authorities.
According to a news release, the construction will bring additional gate capacity capable of handling larger aircraft and 260,000 square feet of “environmentally-friendly space designed to enhance the overall passenger experience.”
“We have been talking about expansion and adding new gates at this airport for decades, and I'm excited that were finally getting this project started and we can look forward to the day when we have increased capacity at this airport,” Ige said, at the concourse ceremony.
The structure will also feature a connecting walkway to Terminal 1, passenger boarding areas, restrooms and agricultural screening to allow for domestic departures.
Construction is expected to be completed by the end of 2020 at a cost of $220 million.
The airport is also expected to see a five-level structure to house rental car companies by 2021.
The work is part of a $1.3 billion modernization project aimed at upgrading the inside and outside of the airport. HNL has been long criticized for being dated and not up to par with other modern airports.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Drivers in Scotland are being reminded that there is zero tolerance for ‘just one' drink before driving.
A new festive awareness campaign from the Scottish Government and Road Safety Scotland (part of Transport Scotland) reinforces that when it comes to drink driving, ‘the best approach is none', as well as highlighting the consequences of being found guilty of drink driving.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson launched the month-long enforcement and awareness campaign with Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone and Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle. Police Scotland's enforcement campaign will see even more patrols on Scotland's roads throughout December.
Last year one in 30 drivers stopped during the festive season was over the legal limit, compared with one in 35 motorists drink driving over the same period in previous year.
Mr Matheson, said: “Unfortunately there is a persistent minority of drivers who continue to ignore the law. These people are not only risking their own lives and licences, but are risking the safety of other road users and pedestrians by drinking and driving.
“This campaign reinforces that drink driving is unacceptable and, if you get caught, you will get a minimum 12-month driving ban, a criminal record for a lengthy period and a substantial fine.
“Furthermore, a drink driving conviction can have significant social and employment consequences.”
Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone, added: “Police Scotland has a zero tolerance policy on drink driving and over the festive period we will be increasing our activity to ensure those risk takers are removed from the road.
“We're urging people to plan ahead – think about how you're going to get home before you go out, and don't forget about any journeys you'll make the morning after.”
For more information see dontriskit.info or the Road Safety Scotland Facebook and Twitter (@roadsafetyscot) pages.
Drink driving - key messages
• There is zero tolerance for drink driving.
• More than 20,000 drivers are stopped by the police every month.
• Even if you're slightly over the limit, in the eyes of the law you are still a drunk driver and a criminal – there's no grey area.
• You'll face an automatic 12-month ban, a criminal record, an unlimited fine, and could even go to prison for up to six months. The vehicle forfeiture scheme means that, in some cases, your car can be seized and crushed.
• Think about how you're going to get home before you head out – and remember to consider any journeys the morning after.
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday:
1. WHO LAYS LOW IN ALA. ELECTION RUNUP
Scarred by sexual misconduct accusations, GOP candidate Roy Moore has been a rare sight on the campaign trail ahead of a critical U.S. Senate race.
2. ‘THERE'S TOO MUCH AT STAKE FOR US TO STAY HOME'
Rev. Arthur Price, minister at a historic black congregation in Birmingham, calls the Alabama senate race a life-or-death matter for equal rights.
3. MORE RESIDENTS FLEE WIND-WHIPPED S. CALIF. WILDFIRES
While firefighters make progress in containing the enormous blazes in the Los Angeles region, dry Santa Ana winds haven't quit and no significant rain is forecast.
4. FORMER TIGER TEAMMATES GET COOPERSTOWN NOD
Jack Morris and Alan Trammell, who played on the 1984 World Series team in Detroit, are elected to baseball Hall of Fame.
5. WHERE SEXUAL HARASSMENT COMES WITH THE JOB
Women working in U.S. restaurants, bars and hotels often face sexual abuse and harassment that goes largely unchecked, AP's reporting shows.
6. WHY RIGHT WHALES MAY FACE EXTINCTION
After 17 of the endangered mammals died this year, scientists say the survival of the remaining 430 or so hangs in the balance without more protections.
7. WHAT ANONYMOUS DONOR DROPS INTO SALVATION ARMY KETTLE
A gold coin worth about $1,200 sweetens the pot at a South Carolina shopping center.
8. NOBEL LAUREATE SPEAKS OUT ON POLITICAL CLIMATE IN US
Michael Rosbash, who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine, says widening political divisions and intolerance toward immigrants threaten scientific research.
9. INSURANCE SHOPPERS FACE MAJOR PRICE HIKES
Middle-income earners get hit especially hard, since the Affordable Care Act offers them few subsidies to help cover insurance costs.
10. ‘COCO' MAKES BOX OFFICE MUSIC AGAIN
The animated family film brings in $18.3 million for the weekend in quiet before ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi' release.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
"Doesn't sound awful," Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. "He'll get on their program soon, then we'll work it from there. It's good news on their side."
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr., on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in their shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got their first win with the Cubs in their previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, they are 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Left-hander Mike Montgomery will again take Darvish's rotation Saturday night against the Mets at New York. They started for Darvish on Monday and pitched 5 2/3 scoreless inning in a victory over the Pirates.
Edwards has made 25 appearances, going 2-1 with a 2.88 ERA. The Cubs do not yet have a timeline for when they will resume throwing.
Mazzoni made one relief appearance for the Cubs on May 7, working one scoreless innings against the Miami Marlins. They were 3-2 with two saves and a 1.25 ERA in 14 games with Iowa.
___
https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Water Purifier Market 2018
Water Purifier Market Share, Size, Trends, And Business Opportunity Analysis Report 2018 include historic data, with forecast data to 2022. Water Purifier Market report is helpful for future strategy development, and to know about Market Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, And Global market size, share, Growth, Trends, key players forecast to 2022
Global Water Purifier Market by technology (Gravity Purifier, UV Purifier, RO Purifier), by End-User (Commercial and Residential), by channel of distribution (Retail stores, Direct sales and Online) and by Region (North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Rest of World).
Get Sample Report of Water Purifier Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2178
Market Synopsis of Global Water Purifier:
Water purifiers are equipment which are used to remove biological contaminants, suspended solids, toxins, harmful chemicals, bacteria, fungi and other such impurities from contaminated water and making it safe for drinking. Water Purifiers has become necessity for urban population in developing economies since a decade. Due to increase in the level of water pollution, the role of water purifiers has become significant.
The major factors behind the growth of water purifier market include deteriorating quality of water causing various diseases, rising demand from developing economies for clean water, new product development for more efficient purifiers. However, Increase in the number of unorganized players in the market is the major restraint.
Key Players:
Kent RO System Ltd., Hindustan Unilever Ltd., Ion Exchange, Tata Chemicals Ltd., Whirlpool India Ltd., Hi-Tech RO Systems, Essel Nasaka, Godrej Industries Ltd., Panasonic Corporation and Livpure Private Ltd. are some of the leading players operating in this market.
Industry News
In June, 2017 – AO Smith, an American based and renowned manufacturer of water purifiers planned to expand its water purifier segment in Indian market. The company planned to launch its products in 17cities across country. The major reason behind this product launch is that, India has become a major market for the water purifier as the demand for clean water among the customers have increased very rapidly. Moreover, the municipal water in India is not very much purified, hence, people are more conscious about intake of water. Therefore, AO Smith has taken a good initiative to meet the current market demand. However, the presence of established players in Indian market would be a major challenge for AO Smith to meet their targets.
In April, 2016 – India's leading air conditioning and commercial refrigeration company, Blue Star Limited announced to enter into a new residential water purifier business segment with the launch of new range of stylish and premium products. The company initiated this launch for residential purpose but still have a plan to enter into the commercial water purification system as well. For the global water purifier market, this could be a positive move of blue star as they have come up with a premium range of water purifier.
Water Purifier Global Market – Competitive Analysis
The global market for water purifier is characterized by the presence of many global, regional, and local vendors. The market is highly competitive with all the players competing to gain market share. Intense competition, rapid advances in technology, and frequent changes in government policies, are the key factors that confront the market growth. Moreover, the market leaders such as Best Water Technology Group, Brita Gmbh, Eureka Forbes, Hindustan Unilever are innovating continuously and increasingly seeking market expansion through various strategic mergers and acquisitions, product launch, innovation, increasing investments in research and development and cost-effective product portfolio. Major players are investing on internal R&D and, most of all, in acquiring other firms.
The report for The Global Water Purifier Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Get Complete Report Details of Water Purifier Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/water-purifier-market-2178
Continued…….
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR) and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have the prime objective to provide optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies depending on products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments enables our clients to know more consequently do more, which gives them answer for their each and every important question. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry
CONTACT US:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
FOWLERVILLE (AP) — A Flint police officer faces a misdemeanor after their off-duty weapon accidentally fired into a gymnasium floor during a wrestling tournament at a Livingston County school.
WHMI-FM reports that 40-year-old Mark Boudreau is charged with careless discharge of a firearm.
A shot was fired May 5 near bleachers inside Fowlerville High School, about 53 miles northwest of Detroit.
Police have said the officer was watching their son compete in the tournament.
Boudreau will be arraigned June 7. Defense attorney Frank Manley on Wednesday called the incident “unfortunate” and said “Lt. Boudreau is an outstanding veteran command officer.”
The Flint Journal reports that Flint police said in a statement that the department “cannot comment on any potential criminal allegations until” it receives “all of the facts at the conclusion of the proceedings.”
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
The venue is set to open in just a few days.
The venue is set to open in just a few days.
All that's missing from the Premier's strident support for a high-rise twin tower development at Scarborough beach are pompoms and a shimmering pleated skirt.
The cheerleader-in-chief of the $450 million 3 Oceans hotel and apartment complex — planned for the old Contacio site on the corner of West Coast Highway and Scarborough Beach Road — was out there again at the weekend leading the chant.
“It's jobs, jobs, jobs, life, excitement, vitality, more people here to an enjoy an experience at the restaurants and the cafes,” they roared. “I'd like to see it happen.”
And when a journalist asked if the recently revised plans put forward by the developers should get the green light, after the original proposal was knocked back by the Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority, cheerleader McGowan was at it again before checking himself.
“Well I think so, but there's a process that it has to go through that's independent of us,” the Premier said.
So, spare a thought for the members of the MRA's newly configured board, knowing that their independence will be about as appreciated as seagull splatter on a new suit by the Premier if they concur with the old board and reject 3 Oceans again.
The Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority is under serious pressure from the Premier to deliver on 3 Oceans. Picture: Illustration: Don Lindsay
“Given the site's location, the board determined that the critical mass of residents, workers and visitors on the site would also have serious impacts on the local traffic,” the former MRA board concluded in December.
“The MRA supports landmark developments however this proposal would see considerable over-development of the site.” Chinese-owned company 3 Oceans was sent back to the drawing board, much to the annoyance of the Government.
But what has changed between the dumped plan to erect buildings 43 and 35 storeys high and the revised plan?
Well, rather surprisingly, the new proposal keeps the 43-storey building and also wants three storeys added to make the second tower 38 storeys. The towers would, however, be narrower.
Just to be clear before continuing, this isn't an opinion piece against the development.
It undoubtedly has merits for an area longing for renewal.
But observing the process it's going through and the amount of political goodwill being shown to it by the Government is getting more and more intriguing.
Most people would have expected the developers to come back with something less “overdeveloped” and less confronting in terms of height.
Without seeing the revised plans, which will be on the MRA's website by the end of the week for public comment, it appears the devil will be in the detail.
The new proposal might feature more height, but the towers will be more streamlined and therefore less imposing on the coastal skyline.
This is interested in the context of how the modified development will be judged because in announcing that the revised plans had been submitted by 3 Oceans on Friday, the MRA said they would be “assessed against the Scarborough Design Guidelines”.
In December, when the MRA sank the original plans, its media release referred to the Scarborough Planning Framework, which was a document that left no room for any increase on the area's existing 12-storey building limit.
The tallest of the towers, said the release, would be “almost two and a half times the height of the Rendezvous Hotel, and nearly four times the height permissible under the MRA's Scarborough Planning Framework”.
Under that framework, adhered to by the MRA in December, the new 3 Oceans plans would be even more at odds with what is “permissible”.
But the so-called Scarborough Design Guidelines, which form part of the Scarborough master plan, don't appear to be so rigid and include the following aims.
“Promote taller, thinner buildings that enable more of the neighbourhood and centre to enjoy views that might be lost if development is flat and wide,” the guidelines say. “This might mean exchanging bulk for some extra height keeping in mind the effect on views from a distance.”
Here's more from the guidelines just to affirm the apparent flexibility on offer.
“Future design guidelines will seek to ensure larger setbacks and more slender buildings — some height increases may be allowed,” the document states.
It will be fascinating to see if and how the MRA board can emerge with a rubber stamp for the development on planning grounds, rather those promoted by the Premier.
“It's the sort of thing we need to create life, vitality, excitement and jobs, and that's what I want,” they repeated at the weekend.
But if McGowan gets what they want, he'll certainly have to address what is, at the very least, a perception problem for their Government and their party.
The company behind the twin towers development has signed up to Labor's secretive Leaders' Forum cash-for-access fundraising arm and has paid the $25,000 fee.
“We aren't expecting to get anything out of it,” 3 Oceans managing director Dyno Zhang told The West Australian recently.
“As an active member of the business community we're trying to give more feedback to the decision-makers for the benefit of the broader WA community.”
Those around in the 1980s might not be surprised that a high-rise building development in Scarborough could be so controversial and create so many headlines.
But what's very obvious right now is that 3 Oceans and the Premier want the same thing and the MRA is under pressure to deliver.
