LONDON — British Prime Minister Theresa May stunned their country Tuesday by calling a for a snap general election to be held in less than two months' time.
Them announcement caps a bruising year for the United Kingdom, coming only 10 months after the country's "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union that ushered in May's own leadership.
Tuesday's statement delivered outside the prime minister's formal residence came as even more of a surprise because the prime minister has repeatedly ruled out calling an unscheduled election.
Moving forward the vote from its scheduled date in 2020 will require parliamentary approval — something that appeared likely given the immediate backing of several opposition leaders.
British Prime Minister Theresa May attends the Sovereign's Parade at Britain's Royal Military Academy Sandhurst last week. Paul Grover / Pool via Reuters
At a hastily arranged press conference outside Number 10 Downing Street, May accused opposition political parties of trying to hinder the Brexit negotiations. They said they wanted to increase their political mandate to drive through the two-year divorce from the E.U.
May's right-of-center Conservative Party rule by a slim majority of lawmakers in the British parliament but currently enjoy a years-high lead of 21-points over the left-wing opposition Labour Party.
With the PM calling a general election for 8 June, here's YouGov's most recent voting intention
Con - 44%
Lab - 23%
LD - 12%
UKIP - 10% pic.twitter.com/t6v36qPSrn — YouGov (@YouGov) April 18, 2017
"Our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course. They are wrong," they said. "They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I'm not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.
They accused opposition parties of "political game-playing" that will "risk our ability to make a success of Brexit" and "cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country."
They added: "So we need a general election and we need one now. Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done," referring to the Brexit negotiations.
May backed the campaign to remain in the E.U. — the losing side — but has vowed to honor the popular vote and lead the U.K. through two tough years of negotiations to exit the 28-member trading bloc.
Labour is led by anti-establishment socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who has drummed up record membership among core supporters but is accused of not engaging with the wider population or providing a strong opposition to the government.
While Corbyn was also pro-Remain they were criticized for their lukewarm backing during the referendum.
Corbyn said they welcomed May's decision to "give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first."
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS," they added, referring to the U.K.'s huge National Health Service.
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “just keep walking” when they were booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway.
Instead, Patrick approached those fans and lectured them, telling them “I have feelings.''
Patrick also told the fans: “My job is to not sign autographs, right? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on. I don't appreciate the boos. It hurts my feelings.''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono.
They said they “had a moment,'' according to The Associated Press.
“Every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” they said.
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono. Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by. An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual. The fan appeared to be holding something to sign.
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking. A few fans booed them and that's when they turned and walked toward those fans.
They said Wednesday they didn't sign for that man stopped by security because they “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
Patrick's comment to the fans that it's not their job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job.
Kevin Harvick, a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing, said on their SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “Happy Hours” this week that: “I feel like signing autographs is 100 (percent) a part of my job description. It's just something that you should do.
“I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do. For me, it's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want. I used to be one of those guys … ‘Dang it, I don't want to stop and sign autographs,' or ‘I don't want to do the autograph session.' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage.''
Ryan Blaney, who scored their first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono, addressed the issue on their podcast “The Glass Case of Emotion” on Wednesday.
“I don't think it's part of our job to sign autographs, I think it's something that we should do,'' Blaney said. “I like to do it a lot. If you're worried about getting to your car, go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans. I mainly try to sign for kids. That's my priority.''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on their podcast, the Dale Jr. Download, this week.
“I hate it for Danica because it paints them in a bad light, but they brought it on herself,'' Earnhardt said. “You never know when a camera's rolling, whose watching. It's certainly true in that case.”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help them if he's frustrated with their performance.
“The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'” Earnhardt said.
“That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that. You're feeling like crap, you're disappointed. … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement, their positive reinforcement is good for me. I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs, talking and interacting, you kind of get your priorities readjusted, what's important.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
“This world, which was lost to this jungle, is all of a sudden revealed in the data,” said Albert Yu-Min Lin, an engineer and National Geographic explorer who worked on the television special. “And what you thought was this massively understood, studied civilization is all of a sudden brand new again.”
The lasers are only the first step, they added, noting that they and archaeologists still had to trek through jungles to verify the data while contending with thick undergrowth, poisonous snakes, swarms of killer bees and the odd scorpion.
Photo
The project was started by Pacunam, a Guatemalan nonprofit organization, and carried out with help from the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping, which is based at the University of Houston. The lidar technology essentially allows researchers to spot bumps in the landscape. Most of the ruins look like rocky mounds — even in person, and to the naked eye — but experts can often identify a collapsed quarry, palace or street.
With help from supporters, Pacunam has spent more than $600,000 on this first phase of the lidar project, said Marianne Hernandez, the president of the board. The organization hopes to use the laser technology to map the entire Maya Biosphere Reserve.
But it is not only about protecting cultural treasures, Ms. Hernandez said. The project is part of a broad push to fight climate change, generate tourism dollars and prevent illegal activities like border trafficking and deforestation in protected areas.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“This is a Guatemalan effort,” they said. “We need to marry the interest in pursuing scientific stories with our interest in finding a sustainable model for the area.”
Ms. Hernandez began planning the project in 2015 with archaeologists like Marcello Canuto, director of the Middle American Research Institute at Tulane University. The laser-equipped planes flew over Guatemala in 2016. And when Dr. Canuto and their students finally saw the preliminary data about a year ago, “We could not peel our eyes off the T.V. screen,” they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's being blind, and then being able to see.”
Photo
The Maya culture was known for its sophisticated approach to agriculture, arts and astronomy. The peak era for the civilization, which some archaeologists refer to as the Classic Period, is generally considered to have lasted from around A.D. 250 to 900.
The total population at that time was once estimated to be a few million, said Diane Davies, an archaeologist and Maya specialist based in the United Kingdom. But in light of the new lidar data, they said it could now be closer to 10 million.
Dr. Davies was not involved in the lidar project but considered it “really big, sensational news.” They said the data should encourage people not only to re-evaluate Maya civilization, but also to learn from it.
“To have such a large number of people living at such a high level for such a long period of time, it really proves the fact that these people were highly developed, and also quite environmentally conscientious,” they said.
Among the structures uncovered were roads, built wide and raised high above the wetlands to connect fields to farmers and markets to metropolises. There were also small dwellings, quarries and intricate irrigation systems. “We're seeing the spaces in between, and that's where really interesting stuff was happening,” Dr. Garrison said.
They added that in addition to changing people's perception of the Maya culture, lidar represented “a sea change” in the field of archaeology.
“I don't think you see a lot of discoveries happening across the sciences right now that sort of turn a discipline on its head,” they said. “It's exciting to know that it can still happen.”
More Videos 0:31 Three shot at Macon house Pause 1:03 Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise 1:15 Chuck Shaheen talks about why they should be elected mayor 1:50 Irving breaks ground for $400 million plant 0:49 New Macon company throws barbecue for first responders 1:30 Bird's-eye view from the largest traveling Ferris wheel in America 0:40 Irma winds blow tree against Stanislaus home 0:08 Tropical depression forms off coast of Nicaragua 0:53 Irma takes down trees across Macon 0:45 Major changes coming to Macon Coliseum Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Major changes coming to Macon Coliseum will receive $3.85 million in SPLOST revenue for various repairs and upgrades. Some changes have been made since a new management firm took over in 2016. Macon Coliseum will receive $3.85 million in SPLOST revenue for various repairs and upgrades. Some changes have been made since a new management firm took over in 2016. sdunlap@macon.com
Macon Coliseum will receive $3.85 million in SPLOST revenue for various repairs and upgrades. Some changes have been made since a new management firm took over in 2016. sdunlap@macon.com
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Killed in Malaysia 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A woman was detained Wednesday in connection with the suspected killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, police said.
A man believed to be Kim Jong Nam died after falling ill at Kuala Lumpur's airport on Tuesday. South Korean officials believe they were approached by two women and then poisoned as they waited to board a flight.
The woman arrested Wednesday was carrying a Vietnamese passport identifying them as 28-year-old Doan Thi Huong, according to a statement by the Royal Malaysia Police.
They were identified from security footage and was alone when they were arrested, the statement added.
Earlier, Malaysia's state news agency, Bernama, said the woman was from Myanmar, although it did not say how it knew them nationality.
Kim Jong Nam at Tokyo's Narita airport in 2001. Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP - Getty Images
The man who died at the airport was carrying documents identifying them as 46-year-old Kim Chol, according to Malaysian police.
However, lawmakers from South Korea, bitter enemy of the North, said that their intelligence agencies believe this was a false alias and that the man was in fact the half-brother of North Korea's dictator.
South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) said Kim Jong Nam has been under a "kill order" since their half-brother took power in 2011, according to opposition politician Kim Byung Kee.
NIS officials believe two women approached Kim and poisoned them as they were waiting in line for a flight to Macau, according to the lawmaker, although they added they were waiting for the autopsy report.
The man who is thought to be Kim Jong-un's sibling fell ill and died en route to the hospital.
Two women fled the scene in a taxi, South Korean officials said, although it was not immediately clear whether either of them was the women who was reportedly arrested Wednesday.
Believed to be aged in their 40s, Kim Jong Nam is believed to have fallen out of favor with the regime in 2001 after they were caught trying to enter Japan under a fake passport, saying they wanted to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
Their reported death comes days after North Korea declared its first missile test since the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
Earlier this month, South Korea said its secretive northern neighbor dismissed its minister of state security, who was a key aide to Kim Jong-un and ran the country's secret police.
These are the old - and new - Strictly professionals taking to the ballroom this autumn
Strictly Come Dancing has confirmed its list of professional dancers for 2018.
Advertisement
There are plenty of new pros and familiar faces – including both Karen and Kevin Clifton – but also some names who won't be returning.
This is the full confirmed Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up for 2018:
NEW: Graziano Di Prima
Graziano is an Italian Latin Champion and has represented Belgium at the World Championships. Aged 24, he's also toured the world with dance company Burn the Floor. “This is my dream come true!” they say. “I still can't believe I will be one of the professional dancers on Strictly Come Dancing. I can't wait to give all of myself on the dance floor!”
NEW: Johannes Radebe
31-year-old Johannes is from South Africa and a Latin American champion. He's already been a pro dancer on Strictly Come Dancing South Africa for two seasons, reaching the final both times.
“Joining Strictly Come Dancing is one of the greatest achievements of my dancing career,” they say. “It is such an honour to be chosen to be a part of an incredible cast and be part of one of the biggest shows that is celebrated worldwide. I cannot wait to get started and experience the magic with the UK!”
NEW: Luba Mushtuk
Luba is a four-time winner of the Italian Dance Championship. Aged 28, they have also worked on Burn the Floor and appeared as part of the Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour. She's no stranger to the Strictly pros, taking part in both Giovanni Pernice's and Karen and Kevin Clifton's tours, as well as assisting with choreography on some of the 2016 group routines.
“Words cannot express how thrilled I am to do what I love most on the greatest show on earth!” they say. “I am super excited and so thankful for this priceless opportunity. I can't wait to get started as a professional dancer on Strictly… bring on the sparkle!”
Kevin Clifton has been part of the Strictly professional line-up for the past five years, and has been confirmed as returning to the ballroom this year – along with wife Karen, from whom they recently separated.
Talking to RadioTimes.com shortly before they were confirmed, they said: “It's such a great show and we have a great time every year. So hopefully when we get that call, they'll still want us around.” Well, they clearly did!
Also returning is Karen Clifton. When RadioTimes.com caught up with them recently, they said they had their “fingers crossed” about coming back to the show this year – but they needn't have worried.
Back in January, they told us: “I love coming back every year so hopefully they do ask me back. As long as they'll have me, I'll be there. We're only contracted for a year so we wait around and clear out our schedules, but Strictly is the most important thing for us,” they explained.
“Nothing else matters. Strictly matters for us and that's our priority. We love the show because it's a family show, it's a great entertainment show and everybody absolutely adores it. So why wouldn't you want to wait around for it?”
Strictly Come Dancing without Anton Du Beke would be hard to imagine. Thankfully the veteran professional will again be returning to the ballroom this year, as they have done every single series since the show began in 2004.
Janette Manrara will be back on Strictly this year. The 34-year-old has been part of the professional line-up for the past five years since joining the show for its 11th series back in 2013. This year will be their sixth on Strictly.
Katya Jones won Strictly Come Dancing last year with Joe McFadden, so their return to the show this year is a no-brainer. Will they be able to do the seemingly impossible and win two years in a row?
Neil Jones has also been confirmed as part of the Strictly Come Dancing line-up for the third year in a row.
However, Neil has always been the bridesmaid and never the bride after going without a celebrity partner for the past two series. So will 2018 finally be the year they get to shine? We hope so!
This will be Oti Mabuse's fourth year on Strictly Come Dancing. Last series they were partnered with Jonny Peacock and placed eighth, although the year before they were a runner-up with Danny Mac. Will this be the year they finally win?
Dianne Buswell debuted on Strictly Come Dancing last year when they were paired up with Rev. Richard Coles and will be returning to the ballroom this series.
Nadiya was another professional dancer who was new to Strictly last year. They made it to week 11 with celebrity partner, EastEnders star Davood Ghadami. She's returning to the ballroom this year for series 16 of the BBC1 show.
Amy Dowden was partnered with Brian Conley for their Strictly debut last year, and the pair only managed to make it to week four. They fared better in the Children in Need special when they were partnered with Mark Curry as the pair went on to win!
Aljaž Škorjanec is a Strictly favourite, having been a part of the professional line-up since series 11. They won in their debut year with Abbey Clancy and since then has gone on to partner celebs including Alison Hammond and Helen George. They were a runner-up on the show last year with actor Gemma Atkinson.
Giovanni Pernice wowed everyone in 2017 when they were partnered with Debbie McGee, and despite only being on the show for three series he's managed to come second twice, with Debbie and also Georgia May Foote.
Will 2018 finally be Giovanni's year to win?
AJ Pritchard set tongues wagging last year with their celebrity partner Mollie King. This will be the third year that AJ has been a part of the Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up.
Although Gorka Marquez didn't waltz away with the Glitterball last year when they were partnered with Alexandra Burke, they did come away from Strictly 2017 with a girlfriend. The professional is now dating last year's celeb Gemma Atkinson, and Gorka will be returning to the ballroom this year.
Pasha Kovalev is quickly becoming one of the Strictly Come Dancing veterans. The pro dancer has been on the show since 2011 and this year will be their eighth series back in the ballroom.
And which Strictly professionals will not return?
Chloe joined the Strictly family in 2016 but in their time on the show was without a celebrity partner, instead appearing in group dances and demos along with fellow stand-by Neil Jones.
One of the original Strictly stars, Brendan revealed earlier this year that he'd been axed from the 2018 line-up, after BBC bosses decided not to renew their contract.
“The powers that be will have a vision of the show and I'm not part of the vision – you've got to accept what decisions are made,” they tearfully told ITV host Lorraine. “I would have preferred to make the decision myself but maybe I'd never have made it”.
Advertisement
Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC1 in the autumn
The similarities between white women's support of Moore and their support of Trump is indicative of a larger historical trend I've written about before, in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. White women ally themselves with white men for what they believe is their own gain, security, and assurance, while not realizing the harm caused by the internalized misogyny that fuels their cognitive dissonance and consequential support of men who abuse women.
The historical narrative, as I detailed following Trump's win, illustrates how white women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward. They did so by deliberately building coalitions with white men, and specifically racist white men who fought for a version of American traditionalism blatantly rooted in America's foundations of slavery and systemic racism.
White female suffragists chose alliances with these men rather than forming alliances with black and brown women because they wanted power — rights and privileges — and knew that the people who could give them those rights and privileges were the people already in power: white men. White supremacy, therefore, was white women's savior and solace — it was the source of their power. This pragmatism fomented racism, deepening racial and ethnic divisions between women that effectively crippled the women's movement.
Given the historical conservatism of Alabama as a solid “red” state, there is no reason to doubt the likelihood of a Moore victory. In the 2016 presidential election, Donald Trump won Alabama by twenty-eight points running against Hillary Clinton.
White women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior. For example, in a question from the Washington Post-Schar School poll that highlights Moore's “unwanted advances” toward teenage girls, the largest percentage of respondents said that they have “no opinion” about Moore's alleged sexual assault and harassment of several young women. “No opinion” smacks of indifference, a turning-the-other-cheek, an avoidance—in other words, complicity. It is complicity with (sexual) violence against women and girls, and complicity with men's behavior in committing these crimes.
In the follow-up question, respondents who said they had “no opinion” or that they do not believe the allegations against Moore justified their beliefs using a bevy of misogynistic statements: that either “the women's stories are not believable” or that the allegations are simply a political hit-job because they “were made shortly before the election.”
The failure or refusal to believe women who have been subject to violence also bespeaks the kind of misogyny that discredits and erases women. Often other women perpetrate this strategy—as evident in Moore defender Jane Porter's outlandish comments on CNN earlier this week in which they circumvented the sexual assault accusations by asserting that there is a “group of non-accusers” who should be listened to as well.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior.
Yet, the fact women fail to support other women, given the shared history of oppression and objectification that women have faced collectively, never ceases to shock and amaze. There are some women—white women in particular—who would rather cleave onto abusive men rather than support other women.
French feminist Simone de Beauvoir proffered an insightful reason for this noticeable lack of female collectivity in their seminal text, The Second Sex (1949). They explained that the history of women's lack of collectivity and arguable complicity with their oppression inheres in the morality that underlies heterosexuality—that women belong to men, and that they form a perfect unit and union when with men:
“[W]omen lack concrete means for organizing themselves into a unit which can stand face to face with the correlative unit,” de Beauvoir wrote. “They have no past, no history, no religion of their own; and they have no such solidarity of work and interest as that of the proletariat…. They live dispersed among the males, attached through residence, housework, economic condition, and social standing to certain men—fathers or husbands—more firmly than they are to other women. If they belong to the bourgeoisie, they feel solidarity with men of that class, not with proletarian women; if they are white, their allegiance is to white men, not to Negro women…. The bond that unites them to their oppressors is not comparable to any other.”
The woman is, therefore, the “second” sex. Never the first. Never independent. And the force of this history — of patriarchy — has informed not only how men see and treat women, but how women see and treat themselves.
Marcie Bianco is a writer and the managing editor of the Clayperson Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University.
Another week, another episode of Game of Thrones for us to decipher, this week featuring a surprise [redacted], and a mysterious [redacted], and the return of [redacted].
**Spoilers for ‘Eastwatch' ahead**
While there were many great moments during the episode, none could quite top Jon Snow's wonderful interaction with Daenerys's dragons.
First off, as many fans know, there's a prophecy in the A Song of Ice and Fire series that details a three-headed dragon liberating the world. Rather than three heads, though, people actually expect three dragons, each with separate riders.
Thanks to Jon feeling comfortable around the beasts and them accepting them in return (oh, and them being a Targaryen), we can likely expect the Stark, who may not actually be a bastard, to ride one.
Now, this shouldn't be taken lightly. In the books, one attempt was made to ride one of Dany's dragons by Quentyn Martell who was burnt alive by one of the creatures, although the character was written out of the show.
Game of Thrones: Season 7 Episode 6 Preview (HBO)
With Dany and presumably able to ride the dragons, who would be the third? A long running theory speculates that Tyrion Lannister may actually not be a Lannister at all, instead being another secret Targaryen. Three fan favourites charging into battle riding dragons? Count us in.
There is, though, another possibility. If Tyrion is not a Targ, then perhaps the final rider won't actually ride at all, but Warg. Yes, many believe the Three-Eyed Raven's prophecy “you'll never walk but you will fly” could mean the Stark takes control of a dragon.
Either way, watching Dany and Jon side-by-side on fire-breathing dragons will be an extremely awesome moment that we cannot wait for come season eight.
Speaking of Jon, during ‘Eastwatch' we may have just accidentally discovered that the Stark actually holds a better claim to the Iron Throne than Dany.
A state grant awarded to the Anoka County Attorney's Office last year to expand its victim witness services has been renewed.
The Anoka County Board Sept. 26 authorized execution of a grant agreement with the Minnesota Department of Public Safety Office of Justice Programs, Crime Victims Services Grant Unit totaling $279,028 for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 with annual renewals until 2021.
In 2017, the county received $139,514 from the state agency to expand services for under served populations such as elderly and non-English-speaking crime victims.
The county attorney's office had to reapply for the grant and submit a performance report with its application, according to Emily Douglas, victim witness services manager.
“The state must have been satisfied with what we are doing because the grant renewal was approved very quickly,” Douglas said.
With last year's grant, the county attorney's office hired two new employees for the victim witness services department, one a specialist to work with victims and witnesses 65 years and older, they said.
In 2012, the county attorney's office founded the Minnesota Stop Abuse and Financial Exploitation elders initiative to reduce elder abuse through training, policy and education and the coalition of SAFE community and law enforcement partners produced a Minnesota-focused informational toolkit and video, all leading to a merger with the Vulnerable Adult Justice Project to create the nonprofit Minnesota Elder Justice Center.
The other new staff member was a legal secretary “to help us administratively” deal with case loads that have grown as the number of felony cases charged by the county attorney's office has increased, Douglas said.
According to Douglas, most non-English speaking clients seen by victim witness services speak Spanish and one of the existing staff who can speak Spanish has been assigned to work with them.
Some of the grant money will be allocated to allow the employee to take online classes to improve Spanish-speaking skills, Douglas said.
In addition, recorded phone messages at the department are in a variety of languages and all victim witness services materials are being translated in Spanish, Russian, Somali and Arabic to serve non-English speaking clients, they said.
The mission of the county's victim witness program is “to protect the rights and interests of crime victims and witnesses in the criminal justice system, while encouraging participation in the court process and addressing individual needs brought on by victimization.”
The program provides victim and witness services for cases charged by the county attorney's office which include felonies, some gross misdemeanor and misdemeanors and juvenile delinquency cases.
Services include court advocacy, trial updates and financial assistance/restitution, according to the county attorney's website.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Lawyers for the University of Louisville's Athletic Association filed a motion Wednesday claiming that disgraced basketball coach Rick Pitino has not "properly engaged in the discovery process."
ULAA attorneys said in their seven-page filing that Pitino has not "produced a single document" of discovery, adding that the Hall of Fame coach waited until 10 days after their May 4 deadline to provide material to request an extension.
Pitino "attempts to excuse their failure to timely respond by arguing that they should not have to respond to ULAA's discovery requests until after ULAA responds to his," the motion read. "Pitino's argument lacks merit."
Pitino was fired last fall following the FBI's far-reaching investigation into recruiting improprieties at several high-profile college basketball programs. It was the second embarrassing scandal Pitino had been linked to in two years at UofL; it was on their watch that the Katina Powell sex scandal took place, resulting in an NCAA ruling that the school forfeit its 2013 national championship.
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ Pitino maintains their innocence following NCAA ruling: 'I have nothing to hide'
+ Rick Pitino career retrospective
Also in their motion, ULAA lawyers took issue with Pitino's sharing of text messages with the Washington Post, "while simultaneously ignoring their obligation to turn over those same communications (and more) in discovery in this case."
Pitino's behavior, ULAA claims, suggests "he should get special treatment and be held to a different standard ... Pitino is not above the law and not above being held accountable under the (rules)."
WAVE 3 News has left a voicemail and sent an email to Pitino's attorney, Steve Pence. This story will be updated with any reaction Pence might provide.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Remember the good old days, when in-flight entertainment was limited to an airline magazine and the closest you got to noise-cancelling was two pieces of cotton wool?
No? Probably because those days were rubbish. Travel might be a tonic for the soul, but without the right tech it's just a whole lot of moving around with bags.
Thankfully, we've trawled the tech aisles for 25 travel essentials to give your summer getaway the upgrade it deserves.
So, whether it's entertaining your mates at the beach or keeping your valuables safe from naughty sorts in nightclubs, there should be something here for you. The sun cream's up to you, mind.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — Yemeni security officials say local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates are expanding their reach in the country's south, where they have clashed with forces loyal to the internationally recognized president.
The UAE is part of the Saudi-led coalition battling Yemen's Shiite rebels on behalf of President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, but has been at odds with Hadi for months.
The security officials said Monday that hundreds of Security Belt forces — fighters trained and financed by the UAE, have deployed in the Dhale province. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
The UAE and Hadi maintain separate security forces based in the southern city of Aden, which have clashed in recent months.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham works out during NFL football training camp, in East Rutherford, N.J. After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about hi...
By TOM CANAVANAP Sports Writer
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) - After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about their desire to be the NFL's highest-paid player, Odell Beckham Jr. is having a great time at training camp with the New York Giants.
The 24-year-old wide receiver, social rock star and fan favorite is putting on a show every time they step on the field.
The entertainment this week has been either a couple of one-handed catches, dancing to the music between segments of practice or playing up to the fans running down the sideline after a catch.
Their smile is as bright as their gold cleats and their mood reflects that. Walking in the team's indoor field house after practice Monday, Beckham leap-frogged a stunned reporter, jumped over an upside-down garbage can and then turned to safety Landon Collins and quipped 'that something was you,' referring to the can.
Entering their fourth season, Beckham said they are very comfortable in coach Ben McAdoo's offense.
"Personally, the way that I feel mentally, physically, spiritually right now, I am just in a better place," Beckham said. "I'm in a real good place. Things are flowing; just continually pushing them in the right direction."
The three-time Pro Bowler credits the change to life, getting older and growing after some unfortunate incidents.
It's certainly a lot better than the end of last season.
Forget?
The Giants were blown out by the Packers 31-13 in Green Bay in the opening round of the playoffs and Beckham had a miserable game, catching four of 11 passes thrown their way and dropping an early touchdown pass. After the game, they allegedly punched a hole in a wall outside the Giants' locker room. It capped a week in which they were criticized for making an ill-advised trip to Florida on an off-day leading up to the wild-card game to go out on a party boat with some fellow receivers.
Beckham said the pain after last season, which included a stern request from general manager Jerry Reese that they start growing up, got them moving in the right direction.
So did the disappointment of losing in the playoffs.
"You have no idea," Beckham said of the level of their disappointment. "I really thought about it and I'm thinking about it, even growing up, the Giants - historical team. The Packers - historical team. Lambeau Field, ice cold, perfect conditions, everything that you can dream of and wasn't able to capture the moment. And did it in a horrible way and a way that, you know, I woke up out of my sleep to. But I used that pain, I used that pain and I turn it into positive energy."
Since camp opened late last month, Beckham has excited fans with one big play after another.
During a two-minute drill on Sunday, they beat cornerback Eli Apple and went up with their right hand, caught Eli Manning's touchdown pass, tucking it to their body without the help of their left hand. They then slowly jogged back to the huddle, hoping the coaches might forget that they should have used two hands.
"Get the job done, that's just where I am at," Beckham said. "Get the job done however you can. Whether I have to fight or scrap for it, whatever I have to do to come up with it, it's just got to be mine. There's no other way to put it."
Beckham has done that better than any Giants receiver in their first three seasons. In 43 regular-season games, they have 288 receptions, 4,122 yards, and 35 touchdowns - all team records for a player in their first three seasons.
Veteran receiver Brandon Marshall, who signed with the Giants in the offseason, called Beckham the best player in the NFL.
Giants chief executive John Mara insisted that Beckham will get a new contract that will pay them plenty.
"He's going to get a lot of attention on and off the field," Marshall said. "As a teammate, you have to be there to support him. You have to be able to deal with that as well because he's not even a superstar, he's a rock star. It's something that our NFL has never seen before. This guy's a global icon at the age of what, 24 or 25?"
NOTES: Veteran DT Corbin Bryant sustained an undisclosed elbow injury in a short yardage drill. They were carted off the field. ... Starting SLB Devon Kennard was limited with an undisclosed injury. ... Third-year DE Owa Odighizuwa is behind after missing the offseason workouts for undisclosed reasons. "He has a ways to go; he's not where they want to be just yet, but that doesn't mean they can't get there," McAdoo said. ... Second-year RB Paul Perkins is playing with the first team despite a poor game in the preseason opener. "By no means have I lost confidence in Paul Perkins," McAdoo said. "I have a lot of trust and confidence in him. He's a young player who is working hard to get better and has a lot of value for us."
___
For more AP NFL news: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Limerick manager John Kiely and Clare co-boss Donal Moloney were agreed that a free-taking competition was an unsatisfying way to decide Monday's Allianz Hurling League quarter-final contest between their sides.
The Munster rivals could not be separated despite over 100 minutes of play, which included four halves of extra time, and so it went to the novel tie-breaker to decide who would progress to the final four.
After six successful efforts apiece from the 65m line, Clare's Niall Deasy, having scored their initial attempt, missed in sudden death. Colin Ryan then kept their nerve to book the Treaty men a place in the semi-finals against Tipperary or Dublin.
"It's certainly not the way any person involved in hurling wants to see a match finish, taking 65s like that," Kiely told TG4.
"It's not the way to finish a game but it is what it is and we can't control it. Ideally, you'd like to go out at it again but it's just not to be and that's it."
"We know we don't have the weekends and we have to push on with the competition," they added, while speaking to RTÉ Sport.
"It's the best way that we have right now. We had an hour and a half plus to play the game and get a winner and we just didn't find one, so we had to find another way."
Limerick have beaten Clare in the Allianz hurling League, dramatic finish Limerick winning by frees! pic.twitter.com/ixIdZW1cTN — The GAA (@officialgaa) March 19, 2018
It had been well signalled in advance that quarter-final winners would be decided on the day but Clare's Moloney suggested that a replay could have been facilitated while the remaining two last eight ties (Dublin v Tipperary and Wexford v Galway) are concluded.
"Given the fact that some of the other quarter-finals were postponed, there was every opportunity to play this next weekend," they said.
"But fair play to Limerick, they had us put away two or three times, we came back. We had them put away two or three times in extra-time, and they came back.
"It was incredible hurling and some entertainment. Fair dues to both teams."
"Both sides really had a cut today" - John Kiely
Kiely was equally enthusiastic about a tussle that ended 4-21 to 0-33, though they thought their men might have been distracted by the euphoria of securing promotion from Division 1B last weekend.
"It was a really good game," they said. "Both sides really had a cut today.
"I thought we were a little bit off the boil. Maybe something from the last weekend, it was probably a lot to take on board, especially a young side.
"But we kept at it, which was the most important thing. Our attitude was good and we kept working away. We never gave up on it.
"It was a great battle between two really good sides that are probably going to have a few more of those battles over the coming years."
Colin Ryan with the equalising point, what a sideline! heading for extra time. pic.twitter.com/nI6MuJzhCd — The GAA (@officialgaa) March 19, 2018
Match-winner Colin Ryan, who scored two points from play and a crucial sideline after coming off the bench, wasn't overburdened by the tension of the dramatic finale.
"There was a bit of pressure there alright but at the end of the day we're doing this all our lives," they said.
"I'm at this since I was six or seven years of age, it's only stand over a ball and hit it.
"The last couple of years we haven't really got that luck so thankfully we got it today and it went over the bar."
Apparently there's an app AND an emoji for just about everything
Happy Friday everybody, and let's get you set for the weekend with the big news: that's right, Apple is rolling out new… emojis. No less than the New York Times has the story plastered all over its site, so you know this is a big story. So what new tiny cartoons can you now annoy people with? How about some broccoli, or a curling stone, a red sled, some Chinese food leftovers, and a happy blue dinosaur.
Apple first announced the new slate of emoticons back in July on World Emoji Day and they're rolling out to devices worldwide next week, so get ready to get your mermaid, hedgehog and Be Quiet face on.
Just to be safe, we want you to know that all the new characters have been approved by the Unicode Consortium, an august body of tech regulators featuring bigwigs from Apple, Google, and other firms with large investments in making sure emojis adhere to strict guidelines. Yeah, we wish we were making that up, but we're not. Check out all the emoji news fit to print.
And it's not pride that's swelling up
Looks like battery problems continue to be problems for cell phone makers, and that now includes Apple. Several reports have surfaced about new iPhone 8 handsets that have cracked open because their batteries have swollen up. To be clear, none of the phones have exploded, caught fire or injured anyone, they just swelled up a bit.
CNET has been sifting the web for reports of swollen iPhones and have found six examples so far, and Apple is reportedly looking into the matter. Considering the tiny number of phones with the problem versus the hundreds of thousands units sold, it's clearly not a crisis, but following the disaster Samsung had on it's handing with the flammable Note 7, you can bet Apple – and every phone maker – will be taking no chances in finding the cause of the problem.
So crazy it just might work
Believe it or not, it's been four years since Amazon.com first floated the idea of delivering goods by drone, and today, we're still waiting for the skies to be filled with buzzing aerogliders deftly delivering our latest tech toys. Someday, we hope. But in the meantime, other outfits are still dreaming of drone delivery, including these guys, who have put a clever and effective spin on the idea by winching your package down to you pretty much wherever you are.
Called “Delivair,” the UK-based team at Cambridge Consultants have cobbled up an eight-rotor drone that deftly drops your delivery right to you, using the GPS system on your smartphone to track you down. Then the Delivair drone slowly lowers your precious package right into your hand. Now that is the drone delivery system of the future. The company says the tech is pretty much ready to go, and is only limited by drone regulations.
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Close to the Metal (computers and such) on Tuesday, Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
MotoRad, a provider of automotive thermostats, radiator caps and fuel caps sold to the North American automotive aftermarket, will be featured as the primary sponsor on Matt Tiffts' No. 19 Toyota Camry this weekend.
“MotoRad is excited to be featured on the No. 19 NASCAR XFINITY Series Toyota Camry driven by Matt Tifft for the Drive For the Cure 300 race in Charlotte on Oct. 7. Matt's energy, enthusiasm and commitment to the sport fall right in line with MotoRad's company values and assurance to our customers of ‘Leading the Way in Coverage and Service'. We wish them the best as they pursue the 2017 NASCAR XFINITY Series Championship and are proud to support them in this endeavor,” said Brandon Kight, vice president of marketing, MotoRad.
The Drive For The Cure 300 at Charlotte Motor Speedway is scheduled for 3 p.m. ET on Saturday, Oct. 7. Interested viewers can watch and listen to the event live on NBCSN, Sirius XM channel 90 and PRN Radio.
MotoRad also is a longtime OE supplier and is a wholly owned subsidiary of MotoRad Automotive Products.
LOS ANGELES — A woman on Monday said they were a 17-year-old model and aspiring actor when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as they spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Attorney Lisa Bloom, from center, holds a press conference with their clients Faviola Dadis, from left, and Regina Simons, who are accusing actor Steven Seagal of sexual assault, at The Bloom Firm on March 19, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images
Dadis said Seagal reached under their bikini top, grabbed their nipples and then grabbed their genitals soon after the audition began. They said they promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” Dadis said through tears as they read from a written statement.
They recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that their case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steven Seagal raped me, woman tells Megyn Kelly 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said they had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced them to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because their mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and they ended up in a room with only Seagal and their personal security guard.
Seagal had told them to wear a bikini or bra and panties under their clothes, and had their walk around the room in the bikini before saying they wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” they said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
They said they told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because they feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. They said Seagal later called her, but they never accepted the calls.
Steven Seagal has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women. Mikhail Japaridze / TASS via Getty file
Dadis said they were inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actor Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped their pants during an audition with them
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside their attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18, allegations they previously made on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today” in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed them at an audition in 1995.
After their interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on their Facebook page that they had never met Simons and their story was fabricated, and they have denied the allegations of the other actores.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
The Haunted Cavern
Ruby Falls Haunted Cavern has teamed up with Fear Connection to create a bigger and better haunted house this year, giving visitors more scares for the buck.
This also means the Haunted Cavern is no longer at Ruby Falls, but has been moved to a 29,000-square-foot location in Lookout Valley in the town of “Dread Hollow”.
“We moved the Haunted Cavern this year to a location with double the space to accommodate the storyline of Dread Hollow,” said Fear Connection's Todd Patton. “Our actors will be in an environment with more freedom to intensify and interact with the patrons. Plus, the first 50 to 75 people in the door will encounter more characters on Main Street in Dread Hollow.”
Dread Hollow is a place doomed by its past, appearing to outsiders as an unassuming small town, but enveloping the blood of the innocent and evil that continues to lurk in the dark. Mercy Harker, a respected founding member of the community, convinced the citizens of Dread Hollow to believe their wicked plan that select girls were a coven of witches.
In 1615, these innocent victims were found guilty of witchcraft and hung and burned as a result. Mercy's spell of horror has haunted the town ever since and waits to trap those who enter.
Dread Hollows has numerous rooms you walk through and each has been crafted with tremendous detail. I was in shock, walking through rooms that were so well crafted that they take you deep into a dark and musky swampland or transport you into a creepy child's playroom.
Unlike other haunted houses Dread Hollows not only transports you visually, but are able to use your sense of smell to make your fears a reality. You will have chills as you walk through the crematory room and find that it truly smells like burning flesh. Each actor plays the part of their character perfectly and I promise they will make horrifying interactions with you from the time you pull into the parking lot to when you exit and quickly dash to the safety of your car.
The haunted experience will continue every Thursday through Sunday the whole month of October, including Halloween night. And trust us, you don't want to miss TheScareFactor.com's number one fan-voted must-see haunted house in Tennessee.
The Haunted Cavern
Thur-Sun & Halloween
Dread Hollow
321 Browns Ferry Rd.
(423) 821-2544
hauntedcavern.com
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
WASHINGTON — When James Hodgkinson got into trouble, it was often with a gun.
And when they got angry about politics, it was often directed against Republicans.
On Wednesday, those two elements apparently brought the 66-year-old southern Illinois man to the edge of an Alexandria, Virginia, ball field, where GOP members of congress were practicing for an upcoming charity game.
They allegedly asked people there, "Are these the Republicans or the Democrats?"
Then, from the edge of the third-base dugout, they took up a high-powered rifle, aimed at the players, and began firing, authorities said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Suspected Congressional Shooter Made Anti-Trump Statements 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They hit three, including a ranking member of the House of Representatives, Majority Whip Steve Scalise, and a Capitol Police officer assigned to protect him. Then officers gunned them down.
While Hodgkinson's motivations remain under investigation, their online presence, seemingly as a passionately anti-Republican commenter, has fueled speculation that the attack was politically motivated.
Not long after the gunman's identity became known, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, a face of left-wing resistance, said they heard that Hodgkinson "apparently volunteered" for their 2016 presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” Sanders said in a statement. “Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Hodgkinson, a licensed home inspector who ran their business out of their Illinois home, has a history of arrests, including a 2006 incident in which they allegedly pulled a gun on a man who went to their house to confront them about hitting the man's girlfriend.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Moment Gunfire Erupted at GOP Baseball Practice 5:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The man accused Hodgkinson of hitting them in the head with the gun's wooden stock and, as they ran way, firing once without hitting the man, according to a police report. The girlfriend told police that the shooting was followed by a violent confrontation that also included Hodgkinson's wife and another woman. In the end, Hodgkinson was charged with domestic battery, battery and aggravated discharge of a firearm. But the case was later dismissed, according to public records.
The same day, another neighbor later told police, Hodgkinson damaged one of their bedroom doors during a search for their daughter, according to a police report. It is not clear how that case ended.
Related: Which Lawmakers Were Attending Baseball Practice Where Scalise Was Shot?
Police also responded to reports of gunshots at their Belleville home — about 20 miles southeast of St. Louis, Missouri — in late March, according to a police report. Callers to 911 reported hearing 50 shots. Police said they found Hodgkinson with a weapon in their possession and a valid Illinois firearms license. They told Hodgkinson not to fire their weapon in that area as there were homes nearby.
James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside of the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville, Illinois on April 17, 2012. A government official says the suspect in the Virginia shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise and several others has been identified Hodgkinson. Derik Holtmann / AP
Hodgkinson, encountered on the property of their rural home with a high-powered rifle, told officers they were taking target practice. "He was very cordial, very nice, very understanding," St. Clair County Sheriff Richard Watson said Wednesday after speaking to one of the responding officers. "He had no reason to think they were doing anything illegal, immoral or anything."
Lyndon Evanko, who represented Hodgkinson in the 2006 case, described their former client as “an odd little guy” and “a bit of a misanthrope.”
“He wasn't unpleasant. But they aren't particularly somebody you would want to hang out with. I got the feeling that they butted heads with a lot of people."
At the same time, Evanko said, Hodgkinson "didn't seem the least bit political" or “somebody with a great deal of passion about anything."
Evanko added: “Had I not gotten the charge dismissed, they wouldn't have been able to own a gun. I did my job a little too well.”
Dale Walsh, who described themselves as a childhood friend of Hodgkinson's, told reporters that they knew the shooter as "passionate in what they believed” but "in control."
“I never thought this would happen,” Walsh said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders 'Sickened' By Alexandria Gunman Who Was Campaign Volunteer 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hodgkinson was a frequent writer to their local paper, the Belleville News-Democrat, where they railed against income inequality, linking it to the tax policies of the GOP, the newspaper reported.
"I have never said 'life sucks,' only the policies of the Republicans,' they wrote in one letter.
In another, Hodgkinson said their favorite TV program was "The Rachel Maddow Show" on MSNBC.
Hodgkinson's Facebook postings portray them as stridently anti-Republican and anti-Trump.
"I Hate Republicans & everything they stand for," they wrote in December 2015. On June 3, they shared a caricature of the president as "Maximus Imbecilus." They were a member of several political Facebook groups, including one called "Terminate the Republican Party."
They also used a cartoon of Sanders as Uncle Sam as their profile picture.
A Sanders campaign staffer said Hodgkinson didn't play a significant role in the 2016 campaign.
Other law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation told NBC News that at this point there's no indication that the shooter had ties to international terrorism.
Witnesses said the gunman opened fire with a rifle from the third base side of the diamond.
One witness, David Thomas, said they had just left a YMCA gym when the shooting started. They said they saw the gunman pacing from one end of the third base dugout to the other, firing multiple rounds then stopping to shout things like "get out of here."
They briefly took cover with Laura Russell, who said they then ran home, where they saw pictures of the gunman and recognized them as someone they often saw in the early morning at the YMCA working on a laptop. Russell said they never saw the man working out, which they found odd. But "he was friendly," they said.
Bill Euille, the former mayor of Alexandria, told MSNBC that he'd started seeing Hodgkinson at the local YMCA about the month and a half ago, and even talked to them about helping them find employment.
"I would mostly encounter them around between 8:30/8:45 when I finished my workout, and they would be sitting in the lobby, the main entrance area of the Y and they would sit there having coffee and then have a laptop," Euille said.
Another witness, Kaya Ovington, who lives across from the YMCA, said they recognized Hodgkinson as a man who had spent the last few weeks hanging out around neighborhood.
"He's been transient, so I've seen them in the neighborhood," they said. "No real — they haven't been in a car that I've seen. But just walking around the neighborhood, sleeping on a bench in the park, sometimes sitting behind the, on a curb behind the CVS, just around."
Two firearms, a rifle and a handgun, were recovered from the scene, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.
Related: Congressman Steve Scalise, Three Others Shot at Alexandria, Virginia, Baseball Field
Two members of a dignitary protection unit of the U.S. Capitol Police were wounded. Earlier it was believed that both officers had been shot, but law enforcement officials later said one of the officers had sustained an ankle injury.
The other reported victims, Scalise of Louisiana, a congressional staffer and a lobbyist with Tyson Foods, were all expected to survive.
Pete Williams reported from Washington. Jon Schuppe, Tom Winter, Jonathan Dienst and Donna Mendell reported from New York. Chris Jansing reported from Alexandria.
CLARIFICATION (June 14, 1:50 p.m.):An earlier version of this article said that Hodgkinson was arrested in 2006 for assaulting their girlfriend. The nature of Hodgkinson's relationship with the victim is not clear.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
HONOLULU — Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island has had it all over the past three weeks: molten rock shooting toward the sky, lava oozing from the ground and ash clouds rising miles into the air.
First there was "laze," now you can also add "vog" to the mix.
Scientists say higher sulfur dioxide emissions recorded at the volcano's vents in recent days are creating the potential for heavier than usual vog, or volcanic smog. So far, trade winds have been mostly blowing the gray haze offshore.
WHAT IS VOG?
Volcanic smog, or air pollution, is created by vapor, carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide gas released from Kilauea. It reacts in the atmosphere with oxygen, sunlight, moisture and other gases and particles. In a matter of hours or days, it converts to fine particles that scatter sunlight, creating a haze that can be seen downwind of Kilauea, according to The Interagency Vog Dashboard, which is made up of Hawaii, U.S. and international agencies.
The U.S. Geological Survey said sulfur dioxide emissions from the volcano have more than doubled since the current eruption began.
Volcanic gases rise from the Kilauea lava flow that crossed Pohoiki Road, near Pahoa, Hawaii, on Monday. Marco Garcia / Reuters
Kilauea was belching 15,000 tons of the gas each day, up from 6,000 tons daily prior to the May 3 eruption. People living miles from the eruption are paying attention to the amount of noxious fumes pouring out of the volcano because it creates potential for more vog.
WHAT ARE THE HEALTH IMPACTS?
"Everyone is having symptoms now on some level," said Dr. Josh Green, a state senator and emergency room physician who has been volunteering in communities where lava fissures have opened in neighborhoods.
Symptoms for generally healthy people can include burning eyes, headaches and sore throats. But those with asthma or other respiratory problems can end up hospitalized.
Those who are healthy, physically active and don't smoke can usually tolerate basic symptoms, Green said, adding hospitals are seeing more patients with difficulty breathing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman from Little Sutton is seeking public support after being diagnosed with a rare stomach condition that has left them in agony.
Hannah Leffler, 25, said they cannot eat or drink due to ‘excessive vomiting, constant nausea and unbearable pain' caused by the gastroparesis.
Since their diagnosis two years ago they have lost two stone and is still ‘losing weight and deteriorating' leaving them unable to work.
A gastric pacemaker would ease their symptoms allowing them to live a normal life - but it is unlikely that it will be approved by the NHS due to the cost, they told the Chronicle.
“Every day is a constant fight against my own body that is trying to starve me to death but I won't give up fighting and there's no point dwelling.
“The support I do have has kept me strong but now I have to admit I need help.”
This week Hannah's friend set up a crowdfunding site to allow people to donate cash to go towards the life changing procedure.
On their YouCaring page Jonny Harrop explained: “Gastroparesis is a long-term (chronic) condition where the stomach can't empty itself in the normal way.
“Food passes through the stomach a lot slower than usual. It's thought to be the result of a problem with the nerves and muscles controlling the emptying of the stomach.
“If these nerves are damaged, the muscles of your stomach do not work properly and the movement of food can slow down.”
Hannah, a former fraud analyst, has been in the Royal Liverpool Hospital for the past month and relies entirely on a feeding tube for them nutrients.
“The impact it has had on their life over the past two years is indescribable,” Jonny said.
“Hannah has seen their weight dramatically decrease, as not a single day passes where they can avoid holding their head above the toilet bowl.
“All their favourite foods are now a no-go and they love a steak!”
Jonny said they hope to not only to raise awareness of their condition, but also raise money to help cover hospital costs, medication costs and support them family.
“She is currently awaiting a decision from the NHS regarding a gastric pacemaker, this will help them to be able to digest food and potentially live a normal life.
“She is not only having to beg the NHS for the funding, but struggling to stay at a healthy weight whilst in the process.
“If we can raise enough money it could help fund potentially life saving surgery that the NHS may choose not fund themselves.”
Jonny has selected a goal of £10,000 for Hannah's crowd funding campaign, but the total cost of treatment is likely to be closer to £20,000.
Hannah said: “I may have been struck with this awful illness and I may never fully recover from it, but I will never stop fighting, I will never give up and I will never simply settle for ordinary.
“Oh not to mention the 8oz sirloin with my name written all over it!”
Donations can be made to Hannah's campaign here.
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
The 2017 fantasy golf season heads west this week, as the focus of the golf world shifts to the Lone Star State for the Valero Texas Open. A field of 156 players will tackle the AT&T Oaks Course at TPC San Antonio, where the winner will receive a pair of cowboy boots.
Be sure to join the all-new Golf Channel Fantasy Challenge to compete for prizes and form your own leagues, and log on to www.playfantasygolf.com to submit your picks for this week's event.
Charley Hoffman won this event last year by one shot over Patrick Reed. Here are 10 players to watch in San Antonio:
1. Charley Hoffman: Hoffman's victory here last year capped a stellar run where they finished T-13 or better every year but once dating back to 2006. Hoffman was also a runner-up in 2011 and T-3 in 2013, and more recently they contended through the first three rounds of the Masters and was a runner-up last month at Bay Hill.
2. Matt Kuchar: If Kuchar treated every round like Sunday, he'd be lapping the field. After a strong close helped them to a T-4 finish at the Masters, Kuchar shot a final-round 64 at Heritage to snag a share of 11th place. Their San Antonio record features four straight top-25 finishes from 2012-15, highlighted by a T-4 finish three years ago.
3. Jimmy Walker: Walker lives in nearby Boerne and will have plenty of fan support this week in a de facto hometown event. While they missed the cut last year, they held off Jordan Spieth to win this event two years ago and now makes their return for the first time since becoming a major champion. They have four top-25 finishes in their last six starts, including a T-18 finish at the Masters.
4. Branden Grace: Grace has steadily improved at this event, from a missed cut in 2014 to a T-30 finish in 2015 and a T-9 result last year. After finally figuring out how to hang at Augusta National, the South African finished a solid T-11 in their title defense at Harbour Town and now heads to a course where their burly ball-striking will be an asset.
5. Billy Horschel: Horschel has been somewhat inconsistent this season, but steady results haven't been an issue for them recently in San Antonio. The former FedEx Cup champ has finished T-4 or better three times in the last four years (2013, 2015, 2016). While they missed the cut last week after returning home for the birth of their daughter, their results at Honda (T-4) and Bay Hill (T-13) showed what they can do on familiar layouts.
6. Patrick Reed: Reed was a hard-luck runner-up at this event last year, but they return in search of form. Reed hasn't cracked the top 20 since a T-12 finish at the CareerBuilder Challenge in January and missed the cut in both Houston and Augusta. A return to the site of positive memories last year may spark a turnaround, but he's a volatile fantasy selection at this point.
7. Brendan Steele: Steele earned their first career win at this event back in 2011, and they returns in the midst of their best season since. After winning the season opener in Napa, Steele has racked up five more top-20 finishes and tied for 27th at the Masters. In addition to their win in San Antonio, they also finished T-4 in 2012, T-8 in 2015 and T-13 last year.
8. Brooks Koepka: After a rocky start to the year, Koepka appears to be turning things around following a T-9 finish at the WGC-Dell Match Play and a T-11 finish at the Masters. The former Ryder Cupper missed the cut here last year, but they finished T-36 in their 2014 debut and will be able to lean on their length this week on a layout that can stretch to nearly 7,500 yards.
9. Kevin Chappell: Chappell is one of the best players still in search of their first win, and the first of their six career runner-up finishes came at TPC San Antonio in 2011. Since then they added a pair of top-15 finishes, highlighted by a T-4 result last year, and they finished T-7 at the Masters two weeks ago.
10. Daniel Summerhays: Summerhays hasn't experienced much success since contending last summer at Baltusrol, but he's always a player to watch at this event. Last year's T-13 finish broke a streak of three straight top-7 results at TPC San Antonio for Summerhays, a run that included a runner-up finish in 2014.
WASHINGTON — Kyle Hendricks outpitched Stephen Strasburg, and the Chicago Cubs opened defence of their first World Series title in 108 years by beating the Washington Nationals 3-0 on Friday in Game 1 of their NL Division Series.
Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo produced RBI singles in the sixth inning for the first two hits off an otherwise-dominant Strasburg. Hendricks was even better, giving up only two singles in seven strong innings.
Rizzo added an RBI double off reliever Ryan Madson in the eighth. Carl Edwards Jr. threw a perfect inning and Wade Davis finished the two-hitter for a save.
Game 2 in the best-of-five series is Saturday, with Jon Lester set to start for Chicago against fellow left-hander Gio Gonzalez.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season.
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left, in the back of the end zone between two defenders, came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10.
With their ”Row The Boat” mentality inspired by young head coach P.J. Fleck, the 12th-ranked Broncos (13-1) made it from one win during their first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No. 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated.
”Told them I was very proud of them, how much I love them, and the effort they gave,” Fleck said about what they told their team on the sideline just before the end of the game. ”We will continue to learn from this. We will embrace our past to create our future, and it just wasn't enough tonight.”
Eighth-ranked Wisconsin (11-3), which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons, was clearly bigger and stronger – especially up front. The Big Ten runner-up Badgers set the tone early, with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team.
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches, including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers' opening drive, and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 as they ran out the final 3:27 after Western Michigan scored.
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns, tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left. Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton's arms wrapped around them in the back of the end zone, Davis broke free to make the catch.
”It doesn't matter if the defender is grabbing you or whatever it is. Go make a play on the ball if it's in the air, and go attack it,” said Davis, the FBS career leader in receiving yards and likely first-round NFL draft pick in April. ”My four years at Western have been phenomenal. We've been through so much and I've learned so many lessons on the field, and off the field.”
Terrell had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season, the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards.
”It kind of left a bad taste in our mouth after the Big Ten championship game,” Edwards said. ”We just wanted to get back out there and prove ourselves again.”
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan: The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward, even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell, who were part of that one-win season in 2013. Western Michigan had only 280 total yards, 217 below its season average.
Wisconsin: The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State, the last in the Big Ten title game. They all also played in New Year's Six games. Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook, who started nine games before a concussion forced them to miss the Big Ten championship game, was 2-of-2 passing. They threw the TD pass to Fumagalli, who finished with six catches for 83 yards.
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year's Six games, and maybe eventually a playoff appearance. The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC, a week before they play Michigan State, another Big Ten opponent.
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten. So the Badgers can ease into its season, and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State.
—
More AP college football coverage: www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-Top25
You'll have to make a (free) account to use the web tool, but thereafter, you can use it to track status across all days, times, vehicle types and curb use. Want to see where you can park your motorcyle for two hours on a Friday afternoon? Or park your truck for 30 minutes to unload goods? Or pick up passengers in a taxi at 2 AM? Coord's tool can help.
The Coord team trekked through San Francisco's streets and photographed curb cuts and prominent intersections, according to The Verge. Then they fed those photos into their internal app Surveyor, which read them using augmented reality tech, estimated distance and combined all the data to make a 3D map...which took about four minutes to create. In short, this is a repeatable process that translates a number of different signs and zone indicators into an easily-readable map.
We hope the information we are making available today will not only help the public and private participants in the mobility market interact with the curb more efficiently and safely, but also enhance cities' capacity to reshape their regulations and management of curbs," Coord told The Verge. "We believe that widely distributing accurate information about mobility services, such as the use of a curb, is a key step in accelerating the adoption of a digital mobility market that more effectively matches mobility supply with increased demand."
Join KOOL FM and support Tim Horton's Camp Day on Wednesday, June 6th, 2018.
100% of coffee sales and proceeds from bracelet purchases will help brighten a kid's future.
Every coffee you order helps send kids from low-income families to a Tim Horton Camp, so they can see a world of possibility.
There are 3 ways to help: Buy a Coffee, Donate online or buy a bracelet.
KOOL FM will be adopting Store # 109 Mapleview Drive West
You can See:
Kool Mornings on site from 9-10:30 am
Darryl from 11-1pm
Katie from 4-6pm
Professor's report raises concerns over firefighter mental health
Hurricanes and natural disasters affect many lives — especially those trying to save families and homes.
Supply chain management professor and volunteer firefighter Elizabeth Anderson-Fletcher is a co-author of The Yellow Ribbon report, which discusses the awareness of emotional health and suicide risks of firefighters involving their everyday jobs.
Fletcher said there are still people within the firefighter community who do not understand the problem of suicide, but they hope that will no longer be the case.
“If we don't deal with that stress overload, it could manifest into behavioral health problems, such as self-medicating through drugs or alcohol, depression or anxiety,” Fletcher said. “It could lead to marital problems, substance abuse or ultimately suicide.”
According to the Yellow Ribbon Report, there are various signs of mental, physical, emotional and behavioral symptom changes in an individual. Fletcher said that each case is different, and that some symptoms could hit a firefighter hard enough that they would not return back to the service.
Fletcher became a firefighter for the Cypress Creek Volunteer Fire Department Engine 21 in Northwest Harris County six years ago, and has noticed the impact of the job on fellow firefighters, they said.
Blake Hughes, a rookie firefighter with Cypress Creek Fire Department Engine 22, said that as a volunteer, they have seen a number of people lose their homes and have to change the course of their lives.
“I have an obligation to do everything I am willing and able to do, but there is simply too much, and that is hard to wrap my mind around,” said Hughes.
Hurricane Harvey was one of the most recent disasters that firefighters had to face — at home and on the job.
Hughes said that countless members of the department lost their homes but had to leave those things behind to help others that were impacted by the storm.
Hughes said the aftermath of Harvey affected their health in multiple ways.
“The negative effects were simply seeing people's entire lives uprooted and set out on the curb to be thrown away, because it was all ruined,” Hughes said. “The positive effects were seeing people help their neighbors and friends, and even people they didn't know, because they had nothing left to lose.”
During Harvey, Hughes said that they saw numerous groups wanting to lend a hand and help those in need.
“Working with the other first responders really proved that the brotherhood prevails through everything,” Hughes said.
For some first responders, the negative aspects of the job can become too much.
Fletcher said a battalion chief in Florida who died by suicide almost a year ago wrote a post on Facebook before they took their life. Fletcher said they mentioned in the post that firefighter post-traumatic stress disorder is real, and the memories of death haunted them daily.
They were a 27-year veteran of the fire service.
“In fire departments that have lost members to suicide, in many cases, nobody had any clue,” Fletcher said.
It is the coworkers' duty to identify the signs of suicide and to provide their colleagues with a support system, they said.
“We want a culture where not only is it encouraged to talk about these things,” Fletcher said. “It is expected, and it's our duty to ask. See something, say something.”
[email protected]
GIF-library Imgur is continuing to add more social features by adding one of the biggest, most imitated features across multiple networks: Stories. A recent update to Imugr brought Snacks, the platform's variation on Stories, a full-screen option for wasting time on a looping stream of GIFs, along with a new news feed and an announcement for an upcoming desktop redesign.
Snapchat first coined Stories in 2013, a feature that automatically plays a list of short video clips or photos from the user's day, with that content disappearing after 24 hours. The feature has since been widely imitated, first by Instagram and Facebook and now even extending with variations on the idea to YouTube and even Skype.
Imgur's variation on the idea is called Snacks and brings the idea of a string of endless short clips to the GIF library. Unlike most Stories, Snacks isn't necessarily a list of all the content friends shared, it's GIFs pulled from the library on a specific category. Like Stories, however, the feature plays that content full screen and continues until you tap out.
Located at the top of the search page inside the app, Imgur says the Snacks change daily.
Snacks launched alongside another social feature with the addition of a new feed that allows users to customize their experience browsing on Imugr. The feed will curate content from other users you follow, as well as tags that you choose to follow. Like a social network, you can comment on posts, or vote them up in the Imgur ranks. The feature is also designed to help you find new users or tags to follow, though an option for a vertical feed will exclude suggested content and only include followed accounts and tags.
The update, which launched to iOS users before the weekend, appears is iOS only for now but will be coming to other platforms soon, the company said. Imgur launched an Android update on the same day, but the change only included bug fixes and a new icon. Imgur appears to be continuing the social features that platform launched a year ago. That update introduced the ability to follow and chat with other users.
The mobile update also comes with an announcement for an upcoming redesign to the desktop app. The home page, which hasn't had a design update since 2014, will have a more modern look, Imgur said, while also improving search and expanding tags. The update is currently in beta testing.
While Stories have had some significant success on Instagram and Snapchat, other platforms haven't seen the same level of use. Time will tell how “hungry” Imgur users are for a similar feature, but at any rate, it's now easy to watch a full-screen roll of GIFs.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Police are responding to a pedestrian struck in the California neighborhood.
The call came in around 8:50 p.m. of a pedestrian struck at 15th Street and Broadway.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
That person was pronounced dead at the scene.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
By JIMMY GOLENAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - Danica Patrick says they "had a moment" when they lost their temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race.
They say they know the smarter thing to do would have been to "just keep walking."
"But every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment," Patrick says.
In a video that went viral, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: "I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings."
The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that they decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Poconos track who had gone through a security cordon.
They say they "didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard."
___
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
They were raised by their grandmother in a trailer in Hoagland, their friends say, and if you didn't know them well, you might have thought Steve Jones was a somewhat backward country boy. But that was just a front, they say, and they rose above their humble beginnings to become an all-conference college defensive tackle, a police officer, an elementary physical education teacher, a coach, a husband and a father.
A 1980 graduate of Hillsboro High School, Steve passed away Jan. 28 after a long and courageous battle with brain cancer. They were 55.
“It was brutal what happened to him,” said Karl Roller, Jones' high school and college teammate. “I'm a 30-year retired cop and I've seen brutal, but seeing my buddy like that was horrible.”
Steve pretty much left Hillsboro after graduating from high school. They played two years of college football at Salem College in West Virginia, then moved on to Anderson College in Indiana, and it is in that area that they made their mark.
But they never forgot their high school buddies, and they never forgot him.
A while back, I suppose when Steve realized things were not going so well for him, they asked some of their old friends to organize a get-together at the Big Ernie's Pizza in Hillsboro. A large contingent of teammates, coaches, teachers, parents of teammates, classmates and others showed up, and if nothing else was obvious that night, this was – Steve Jones was special.
I wrote a column about that July 2016 evening shortly thereafter. Like Steve, that evening was special. There were hugs and tears, smiles and stories, but mostly what I felt was a sense of love for an old friend who was hurting.
While they had not lived here for a long time, Steve kept in contact with some of their old buddies. I know at least four of them went to see them last weekend shortly before they passed away.
Likely it was Roller who was closest to him.
“From kindergarten to the second season of college football, we were pretty much around each other and were the biggest guys wherever we went,” Roller said this week. In more recent years, Steve would stay at Roller's home in the Nashville, Tenn. when they were in the area for treatment.
The two were Hillsboro's starting offensive and defensive tackles their junior and senior years at Hillsboro, then played together two seasons at Salem College. While they were buddies, they were also the biggest guys around. And, sometimes, it's just human nature that tells the two biggest guys they have to see which one is the toughest. So, from time to time they fought, at least once at football practice.
“(Coach) Tate Taylor had had enough of me and Steve, so they told us, ‘You guys are gonna hold hands and run down to the other end of the field and back.' We took off, Steve looked at me with that big, stupid Steve grin, and they started skipping,” Roller said. “We skipped all the way down and back. By the time we got back, coach Tate was not mad anymore and Steve was just staring at me with that grin. They laughed about that until the day they passed.”
Then there was this: “Through high school and our two seasons of college football they never bench pressed more than me,” Roller said. “But the summer before our senior year in high school they talked me into bailing hay with him. I struggled with every bail; two hands and a knee to get it onto the trailer. The big man was throwing bails one-handed onto the trailer. From that point on I never questioned their strength.”
After earning their bachelor's degree from Anderson College and their master's degree from Indiana Wesleyan University, Steve was a police officer for the Anderson Police Department for 10 years. They were then employed at the Wawasee Community School Corporation as a physical education teacher at North Webster Elementary for 21 years. They also coached several sports, and was a member of the Church of God in North Webster, Sons of the American Legion Post 253 and the NRA.
I could go on about Steve, tell you how humble they seemed, how much their two sons and daughter seemed to admire him, how they took their battle with cancer head-on like an opposing lineman. But I did not know them that well, so I will let those who knew them better take this story home.
One of their Indiana friends, Chris Cotton, posted a message on Steve's obituary, saying it was a pleasure to have crossed paths with Steve in faith and football.
It said, in part: “I am confident in their comfort in their eternal body and know he's no longer suffering. … Steve impacted me in two ways. In the mid-1990s I took over Wawasee PeeWee Football and we had no support as a feeder program. I reached out to Gene Mitz (WHS Head Coach at the time) and Steve who was coaching the Milford Middle School team at the time… Steve came alongside me immediately helping to modify high school and college drills I'd run to fit youth and giving me their middle school level practice plans and game approaches. They were the speaker at our year end pizza party to encourage kids to continue to play the greatest team sport there is. They moved on to coach with their college buddy in another part of the county thereafter, but would be back as their boys grew to be Warrior football players.
“A few years later when I got saved, Steve, Lori (Steve's wife), Tammy Kinerk-Cotton, and I were in a small group together. In this setting they gave me a piece of wisdom I've carried with me as a coach ever since… Steve said when they were a police officer they did something at the end of every shift to ensure they didn't take their job home to Lori and the kids; they showered and changed out of their uniform to civilian clothes. They said as a coach he'd pause and pray before heading home to accomplish the same thing. Thank you for impacting me and my family with this wisdom for 23+ years Steve…”
Jon Cole, a 1980 classmate and teammate of Steve's, posted this on Facebook: “Heaven gained a giant this afternoon. My dear friend Steve Jones made their last tackle. And yes, it was a behind the line of scrimmage sack of whomever they were chasing. I will hold our memories close to me until I see your big head and you say, ‘Hey Jonny, how are you doing buddy? How's your mom and dad and your family doing?' Rest easy Big guy! We love u to the moon and back. … #71.”
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland@aimmediamidwest.com.
The sound system squawked at 8 a.m., just as the school day was revving up at Worth County High School. The campus was now on lockdown, the announcement said. Neither the teachers nor students at the south Georgia school knew what was going on.
For the next four hours, 40 uniformed officers – the entire staff of the Worth County Sheriff's Office – fanned through the school in Sylvester, ordering students against the walls of classrooms and hallways, demanding the kids hand over their cellphones.
All 900 students were searched, part of a drug sweep ordered by Sheriff Jeff Hobby.
They did not have a warrant. They had a “target list” of 12 suspect drug users. Only three of the names were in school that day, April 14.
By noon, when cells phones were handed back and classes resumed, no drugs had been found.
The sheriff's full-court press, however, would yield legal consequences – for Hobby and their office. In the days following the sweep, students came forward charging they had been inappropriately groped and manhandled by deputies. A class-action federal civil suit followed.
And now, this week a grand jury indicted Hobby and two deputies for their part in the high school raid. Hobby faces charges of sexual battery, false imprisonment, and violation of oath of office, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
“The sheriff's position is that he's not guilty,” Hobby's attorney, Norman Crowe Jr., told the news outlet. The sheriff was at the school for the raid, but personally did not touch students, the lawyer maintained. “He's committed no crime.”
The search brought unwanted national attention on the department. As the controversy broke, Hobby gave an off-camera interview to WALB in which they said the searches were legal because school administrators were present.
In a statement released on April 18, Hobby elaborated that in “the weeks leading up to April 14, the Sheriff's Office received information and complaints from the citizens of Worth County regarding illegal drugs at the high school. The Sheriff contacted the Superintendent of the Worth County School District and the Principal of the high school to inform them of the situation and the Principal and the Sheriff agreed on the day of the pat down.”
School officials, however, have countered the idea they were willing participants in Hobby's plans.
“We did not give permission but they didn't ask for permission,” Interim Worth County Superintendent Lawrence Walters told WALB after the raid. “He just said, the sheriff, that they were going to do it after spring break.”
“I don't think anybody in the school system had any idea that it would be of the nature of what actually happened,” Tommy Coleman, a lawyer for the school district, told The Washington Post in June. “I've been doing this a long time, and I've never heard of anybody doing that kind of thing.”
The class-action lawsuit – filed on behalf of nine unnamed students – laid out detailed allegations of groping during the school search. One student recounted that a deputy “looked down the back and front” of the student's dress, then “slid their hands” over the pelvic area and “cupped” the student's “vaginal area and buttocks,” according to the legal complaint.
Another male student recounted a deputy “moving their fingers back and forth” from their pockets to their groin,” the lawsuit stated. The deputy's fingertips touched” the student's “penis and testicles, over clothes, four to five times.”
A third student recounted how a deputy “reached up under” their shirt, “lifted their bra, and touched their bare breasts, including their nipples.”
In June, when the lawsuit was filed, one of the teenagers recounted to The Post their ordeal. The deputy “came up under my privates and then they grabbed my testicles twice,” the student said. “I wanted to turn around and tell them to stop touching me. I wanted it to be over and I just wanted to call my dad because I knew something wasn't right.”
Following the outcry, Hobby acknowledged in their April statement that “one of the deputies had exceeded(ed) the instructions given by the Sheriff and conducted a pat down of some students that was more intrusive than instructed.” The sheriff said “corrective action” was taken – but the office has not publicly offered further detail.
The grand jury this week indicted two deputies along with the sheriff: Tyler Turner faces one felony count of violation of oath of office and one misdemeanor count of sexual battery. Deidra Whiddon was indicted on one count of violation of oath of office.
Local prosecutors also announced this week copies of the indictment would be sent to Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal, who has the legal authority to suspend Hobby. The Journal-Constitution reported the Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training Council has already suspended the law enforcement certifications of Hobby and their deputies.
Employees at thousands of Starbucks stores went back to work Wednesday after a half-day seminar on Tuesday focused on company policies and discrimination.
At the Starbucks in Ferguson, a steady stream of cars pulled into the drive -thru just before noon and a group affiliated with a local non-profit that helps children met inside. Store manager Cordell Lewis said the store served a few hundred people that morning, same as usual.
Lewis said they thought the training was engaging and believed the small group discussions were beneficial for the their store's 18 employees. There were videos to guide employees through the training as well.
“We actually sat down in groups and it was kind of a discussion dynamic, so it was really thought provoking and gave us an opportunity to be introspective,” Lewis said.
A special store
The Ferguson store, at 10776 W. Florissant Ave. opened in 2016. It is one of several stores across the country strategically placed in low-income communities to spur employment opportunities and financial investment in neighborhoods.
“We do quite a few community service projects throughout the year where we get in and we really try to engage the community as a team and as an organization,” Lewis said. “I think with that kind of mindset and that thought, the customers are more receptive to our business being here.”
"The conversation will continue"
Starbucks Executive Chairman Howard Schultz said the training was a way to discuss store policies to make all people feel welcome at the coffee shops. The half-day closure came after two black men in Philadelphia were arrested at a Starbucks there.
“This conversation will continue at our company and become part of how we train all of our partners,” Schultz said in a public note posted to the company's website.
They added later, “Discussing racism and discrimination is not easy, and various people have helped us create a learning experience that we hope will be educational, participatory and made us a better company.”
Ashley Lisenby is part of the public radio collaborative Sharing America, covering the intersection of race, identity and culture. This new initiative, funded by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, includes reporters in Hartford, St. Louis, Kansas City, and Portland, Oregon. Follow Ashley on Twitter @aadlisenby.
It's time for your latest batch of record reviews, courtesy of Kevin Bryan.
Mike Zito - Make Blues Not War (Ruf Records). The co-founder of the excellent Royal Southern Brotherhood is now firmly established as a top notch solo performer, and Zito's new Ruf CD soared into the higher reaches of the Billboard Blues Chart on the day of its release. The Missouri-born singer and guitarist's sterling efforts are aided and abetted here by fellow bluesmen Walter Trout and Jason Ricci as they unveil what is arguably their finest offering to date, blessed with muscular gems such as Highway Mama and the harmonica-led Chicago blues of the robust title track.
The Ladies Sing the Blues - (Union Square). This inexpensive new two-CD anthology focusses attention on an interesting selection of archive recordings culled from the back catalogues of many of the leading lights of jazz and blues during the 30s, 40s and 50s. Classic offerings from the likes of Bessie Smith, Billie Holiday and Ella Fitzgerald are given an airing alongside lesser known but equally compelling ditties such as Sippie Wallace's I'm A Mighty Tight Woman and the formidable Memphis Minnie's 1933 country blues opus, Too Late.
Robyn Stapleton - Songs of Robert Burns (Laverock Records). This wide-ranging celebration of the work of Scotland's national bard finds Robyn Stapleton in peerless form as they explore the themes of history, humanity, love and nature via some of Burns' most iconic musical creations. The use of a string quartet lends added charm to fine tracks such as Westlin' Winds and Parcel O'Rogues, contrasting nicely with the much more traditionally folksy flavour of Tae the Weavers and Comin' Through The Rye.
Lucie Horsch - Vivaldi (Decca Classics). The contents of this splendid new offering from 16-year-old recorder prodigy Lucie Horsch should come as a pleasant surprise to those culturally deprived listeners whose knowledge of the musical landscapes created by Antonio Vivaldi‘s extends only as far as the perenially popular Four Seasons and, sadly, no further. This prolific composer actually penned a vast body of work during the course of their lengthy career, and Lucie displays their natural affinity for the gifted Venetian's vivid Baroque repertoire as they tackle a beguiling assortment of concertos and transcriptions in close collaboration with the Amsterdam Vivaldi Players.
The head of the Secret Service announced Tuesday that they were retiring.
Joseph Clancy, a career agent who'd first left the federal protection force in 2011 for a job in the private sector, returned in 2014 to restore credibility to the scandal-plagued agency.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Obama Picks Joseph Clancy to Lead Secret Service 0:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They weathered a few new controversies and guided the agency through a tumultuous presidential campaign that included violence at rallies for Donald Trump.
Related: Secret Service Agent Under Fire for Anti-Trump Facebook Posts
It was not clear what prompted Clancy's announcement.  They are 70 years old with 29 years of service.
Congratulations Dir Clancy on your retirement! The men & women of the @SecretService are grateful for your 29 years of service & leadership — U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) February 14, 2017
House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz praised Clancy for helping to reform "an agency plagued with mismanagement, misconduct and security lapses." Clancy has been working to implement recommendations outlined in a report by the oversight committee titled "United States Secret Service: An Agency in Crisis."
Related: Report: 'Secret Service Is In Crisis' Following Breaches
Chaffetz added: "Moving forward, I encourage President Trump to appoint a director from outside the agency. A fresh set of eyes and new perspective is needed to restore the prestige and status expected of such an elite agency."
Clancy joined the Secret Service in 1984. They were appointed special agent in charge of the presidential protective division in 2009. They left the agency in 2011 and became director of corporate security at Comcast Corp., which owns NBCUniversal.
Almere City goalkeeper Chiel Kramer really dropped the ball and let RKC's Pieter Langedijk take advantage of their wondering eyes tying up the game 1-1.
More Buzzer Videos Chris Weidman gives their take on a potential Conor-Floyd fight Mainz fan gave team a motivational speech after loss Austin Dillon Digs Conor McGregor's Style Chad Ochocinco scores a TD in a Mexican football league Tony Stewart wins dirt track race, hilarious post-race interview ensues Mainz's Giulio Donati waters their crotch before entering Bundesliga match More Buzzer Videos
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An estate agent in Purley which was forced to close after suffering "extensive water damage" as part of the considerable effort to put out a huge fire is reopening.
A total of 72 firefighters spent more than four hours tackling the serious fire in the roof of a row of flats above shops and businesses on Brighton Road on October 31 last year.
Thick black smoke and flames were seen shooting from the building, which backs onto Purley High Street, and London Fire Brigade received a dozen 999 calls as 20 people evacuated the building before the first of 11 fire crews arrived.
Andrews estate agents, which is on the ground floor of the damaged building on Brighton Road, had to close following the fire and will reopen on Saturday (July 7).
The estate agents had only finished a refurbishment of the branch earlier in 2017 and while it escaped damage from the fire itself, the amount of water used to extinguish the flames left part of the unit flooded.
(Image: Rhea Hanke)
David Bryant, area manager at Andrews, said: “We were lucky to not be directly affected by the fire, but the work required to get us back on our feet because of the water damage was, nonetheless, extensive.
“It involved pumping out the water from the flooded basement, stripping the property back to its shell including all the electrics, drying out the interior and rebuilding the interior with new walls, ceilings and flooring before adding all new fixtures, fittings, furniture and finishes."
While the repair work was being carried out, the seven members of staff who were based in the Purley office moved over to work with their colleagues in Coulsdon.
The estate agents are reopening at 10am on Saturday (July 7).
Following an investigation the LFB said the fire was accidental and had been caused by "hot works being carried out" in the building.
This type of work could include welding, soldering, grinding and the use of other equipment incorporating a flame.
Sparks and molten material from hot work can be scattered more than 35 feet during welding, cutting and grinding.
These sparks are typically at a temperature above 1,000°F and as a result materials such as paper and wood can be easily ignited.
Further information on what hot works were being carried out at the time were not released.
Music of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Sarpeah, Adu
2017-01-02
The Impact Crew: Assessment of Rapperholic, BHIMN ation-GH Rocks and BAR III Musical Concerts 2016. The Good & The Bad”.
The latter days of December every year has been set aside by Ghanaians favorite
musicians to organise musical concerts purposely to enrich their pockets and to
entertain music lovers.This year's music concerts was no exception to the
previous years. The people's favourite musicians once again teamed up with their
colleague artistes in the industry to spice up the Christmas festivities through
music. Namely; The Rapperholic by Sarkodie, BHIMNATION-GH Rocks by StoneBwoy and BAR
III Concert by E.L. Therefore, this write-up will seek to analyze the happenings of
these major events as to which one really gave the fans value for their money.
THE RAPPERHOLIC CONCERT
25th of December for the past five years has been owned by Sarkodie purposely for the
Rapperholic Concert.
This year's concert can be described as the best of all the rapperholic shows
ever hosted by Sarkodie. Simply, the number of artistes who performed on the night
had never happened in the music history of Ghana in terms of shows organized by
individuals artistes.
Truly, Obrafour was not far from right when they boldly said that, â€œSarkodie is the
best thing that has ever happened to Ghanaian hip-life”. The rapperholic concert
2016 was co-hosted by Giovanni and comedian DKB at the Accra International Conference
Centre (AICC).
The night saw a fantastic performance from Nigerian stars like Burna Boy, Flavour,
Patoranking and Mavin's Reekado Banks. Ghanaian stars who rocked the stage
included Koo Ntakra, Strongman, Pappy Kojo, Joey B, A.I, Wisa, Nii Funny, TeePhlow,
Stonebwoy, Efya, Guru, Jupitar, Omar Sterling, Akaboah, Donzy, Medikal, Bisa Kdei,
Article Wan, Shatta Wale and the host Sarkodie.
Truly, SarkCess Music and A-Team ProductionsÂ gave the fans value for their money on
the night. Sarkodie needs to be commended for their spectacular input in our music
industry since they came into the limelight in the year 2009. I rate Rapperholic 2016
Concert 9/10.
BHIMNATION & GHANA ROCKS
The Stonebwoy BhimNation in collaboration with Ghana Rocks concert happened at the
Accra International Conference Centre on December 27, 2016.
The event was hosted by YFMâ€™s Ogee and Elia Chebib and with great support from Dj
Vyrusky. Artistes who performed on the show includes The famous Tekno, DemTinz, DxD,
Article Wan, Gallaxy, Donzy, Medikal, Ras Kuuku, Trigmatic, Jupitar, Samini, LAX,
Eugy official, Kaakie, Rudeboi Ranking, Kofi Kinaata, Saraki and others.
Combining live band performance and with DJ coming in at a point to spice up delivery
was something commendable. More importantly, Stonebwoy was on the stage throughout to
support any artiste who mounts the stage and that's a plus to the BHIM Nation
boss.
Samini did amazing on the night as he's known to be one of the best performers
when it comes to live band. Also, Tekno thrilled the fans with their Duro and Pana hit
songs.
More importantly, prior to the show, StoneBwoy made it clear that Cynthia Morgan will
perform live on the show. I believe it was one of the main reason why some people
bought the ticket. But, that advert gimmick turned to be a fallacy as most of the
fans were disappointed for being deceived by Stonebwoy and the event organizers. I
rate BhimNation 2016 Concert 6/10.
BAR III CONCERT
The BAR III concert, an annual event in honour of BBNZ's E.L B.A.R mixtape/album
projects took place at the Accra Polo Grounds on Friday December 23.
Artistes who performed on the night included Koo Ntakra, Worlasi, Recognise Ali,
Ko-jo Cue, Jayso, Ball J, Tee Phlow, M3dal, Medikal, A.I, Trigmatic, Cabum, Joey B,
Pappy Kojo, Adomaa, and veteran Nigerian rapper and CEO of Chocolate City Music
called M.I Abaga.
Truly, the promotion of the BAR III Concert was not up to the expectations, and this
may have accounted for the low patronage by fans and Ghanaian music lovers on the
day. I rate BAR III 2016 Concert 5/10.
PERSONAL OBSERVATION
Musical shows or concerts organised in the past years are known to start later than
the scheduled time. Therefore, it is something the various event organizers must have
a look at in order to be time conscious.
Also, technical hitches or difficulties is another concern the technicians must
consider and work on it at the various shows from the start. The Rapperholic had
similar problem until they fixed it.
Again, the lightening systems must be manged since it make some audiences feel
uncomfortable in the various auditorium. Once again, thumbs up to Sarkodie, StoneBwoy
and EL as they made the Christmas wao.
In all, the Rapperholic Concert 2016 carries the day according to the fans who throng
to the various musical shows.
Adu Sarpeah
[email protected]
0241210870/0506140870
UCC
Wounded US member of congress ‘critical' after surgery: hospital
Republican lawmaker Steve Scalise, one of five people shot by a gunman during practice for a charity baseball game, remained in critical condition following surgery, the hospital treating them said.
“Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition,” said MedStar Washington Hospital in a statement via Twitter. Earlier in the day their condition had been described as stable, and they had spoken by telephone with their wife.
The gunman, identified in the media as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, died in a shootout with police.
Two members of the Capitol Police were injured but were in good condition.
Lobbyist Matt Mika, hit several times in the shooting, remained in critical condition at George Washington University Hospital.
The fifth, congressional aide Zack Barth, tweeted that they were in the hospital and “okay”.
The post Wounded US member of congress ‘critical' after surgery: hospital appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ST. LOUIS — For one of the few times this season, St. Louis Cardinals manager Mike Matheny liked what they saw from their team on Monday night.
They hope they get to see it again Tuesday night and beyond.
After the Cardinals lost nine of their first 12 games and got swept by the Yankees in New York over the weekend, Matheny watched their team get a good game out of starting pitcher Lance Lynn, timely hits and good defense that added up to a 2-1 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Matheny will give the ball on Tuesday night to Mike Leake, who will face the Pirates' Chad Kuhl.
Leake (1-1) has been the Cardinals' best starter this season, having allowed only one run in 15 innings over their first two starts. They lead the National League with a 0.60 ERA.
Leake has won eight of their last 10 decisions against the Pirates dating to the 2012 season.
“It's the foundation,” Matheny said Monday of the team's starting pitching. “It's going to set the tone for everything. Lance stepped up today, and we want Mike Leake to be the same guy, right down the line.
“We've seen what this starting staff can do. I know that's a lot to put on them, but certainly what they expect of themselves, too.”
Kuhl (1-0, 2.38 ERA) also will be making their third start of the season and their third career start against the Cardinals. They gave up two runs in five innings in a start in St. Louis at the end of last season.
Kuhl will attempt to duplicate the performance, if not the final result, produced by Ivan Nova on Monday. Nova went the distance, allowing two runs, but wound up with a tough-luck defeat.
Pirates manager Clint Hurdle expects to get outfielder Gregory Polanco back in the lineup on Tuesday night. Polanco did not start for the third consecutive game on Monday but came through with an RBI pinch hit in the ninth inning that made it a one-run game. Polanco has been bothered by discomfort in their right groin.
“It was good to see them do that,” Hurdle said. “That's what we were looking for.”
The Cardinals won't know until Tuesday if starting first baseman Matt Carpenter will be able to play. They missed the Monday night game because of a swollen finger that they injured catching a ground ball on Sunday.
One player who will be in the St. Louis lineup is center fielder Dexter Fowler, off to a .132 start after going 0-for-4 on Monday night.
“It's encouraging to them that the work he's doing is getting them close,” Matheny said. “He feels it, too. We are excited to get them in a good place in their mind. He's going to get it figured out.”
The Cardinals will be trying to win consecutive games for the first time this season.
“It's not as simple as pushing one button to fix it or one simple thing to get it right,” general manager John Mozeliak said Monday about the team's poor start. “I think this team still has better days ahead of it, but it clearly has to get out of this current lane we're in.”
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
NEWTON FALLS, Ohio (WYTV) – LaBrae has won three of their last four games after tonight's 48-7 victory over Newton Falls. Kent Wolford threw for 198 yards on 9 of 13 passes. They ran for 2 scores and threw for another 3. Colton Stoneman rushed 6 times for 62 yards for the Vikings.
Wolford's 3-yard TD run gave the Vikings a 7-0 lead. They then followed with a 2-yard TD run.
LaBrae went up 21-0 when Colt Stoneman scored on a 25-yard TD pass.
Stoneman added another TD run in the second half, while Wolford hit Tyler Stephens for a 55-yard and a 23-yard touchdown passes.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Newton Falls football schedule | LaBrae football schedule
Scoring Chart
LaBrae, 48-7
First Quarter
L – Kent Wolford, 3-yard TD run (L 7-0, 9:39)
L – Kent Wolford, 2-yard TD run (L 14-0, 3:29)
Second Quarter
L -Colton Stoneman, 25-yard TD catches from Kent Wolford (L 21-0, 6:25)
L – Tyler Stephens, 55-yard TD catches from Kent Wolford (L 27-0, 2:29)
Third Quarter
L – Colton Stoneman, 7-yard TD run (L 34-0, 9:12)
Fourth Quarter
L – Tyler Stephens, 23-yard TD catches from Kent Wolford (L 41-0, 11:46)
L – Walt Allie, 29-yard TD run (L 48-0, 9:33)
N – Colton Hunt, 10-yard TD catches from Branden Bungard (L 48-7, 0:22)
Next week, the Vikings will visit Brookfield while the Tigers (3-4) will play host to unbeaten Girard.
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove their car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>>BACK TO TOP STORIES
One of the more challenging aspects of being an accountant is the boom-or-bust work cycles. Whether you work in a public accounting firm preparing tax returns or in the accounting department of a company in private industry, you've probably been subjected to the period-end close. This process involves a review and analysis of the transactions and accounting records to ensure that a company can produce accurate and timely financial statements. Ever-changing accounting regulations, increasing regulatory scrutiny, and a rush to meet deadlines result in a process that is fraught with the potential for errors and inefficiency, presenting an area ripe for disruption.
Continue Reading Below
BlackLine, Inc. (NASDAQ: BL) is a software-as-a-service company that seeks to bring innovation to the field. It provides cloud services and software to automate a variety of accounting processes throughout the period and reduce the workload at the end. This includes a growing list of procedures such as reconciliations, inter-company transactions, and period-end close. BlackLine only went public late last year, so you wouldn't be alone if you hadn't heard of it. The company has exhibited some pretty impressive growth in its short public life, though, increasing revenue 47% year over year for 2016.
BlackLine wants to bring accounting into the modern era. Image source: Getty Images.
Massive opportunity
BlackLine believes it is in the first innings of a massive opportunity and estimates a total addressable market of approximately $17 billion. The company's target market includes 165,000 businesses with over $50 million in revenue, covering 13 million finance and accounting professionals. Compare that to its current base of 1,700 customers and 167,000 users, and the opportunity becomes apparent. BlackLine has ambitious growth plans and is pursuing a five-point strategy to achieve those goals.
International expansion
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
BlackLine currently has customers in 120 countries and has recently been pursuing aggressive expansion plans in Europe, opening locations in France, Germany, and the Netherlands, which adds to its existing regional offices in the United Kingdom, Singapore, and Australia. BlackLine plans to continue its expansion into major markets in Europe, South America, and Asia, and its recent acquisition of Dutch company Runbook compliments those ambitions.
Land and expand
BlackLine has been extremely successful in not only retaining current customers, but increasing sales to them. The company reports revenue retention rates that are consistently in a range of 118% to 120%.This is accomplished by expanding the number of users at existing customers, selling them additional products, and cross-selling into related entities. This has resulted in strong growth from existing customers, with the average revenue per customer growing 37% annually over the last three years.
Mid-market expansion
BlackLine has recently been focusing on rapid expansion of its mid-market sales team. The company sees an extensive opportunity for its services in companies with revenues between $50 million and $500 million. These companies are often experiencing dynamic growth that would benefit from automation. BlackLine notes that its cloud platform is scalable and can be implemented quickly, providing an appealing solution to companies that have yet to automate many of their accounting functions.
Partnerships
BlackLine is also making use of an extensive partnership network. These partners can provide additional and complementary services to BlackLine's offerings and cover a wide array of areas including consulting, business process outsourcing (BPO), enterprise resource planning (ERP), and channel partnerships. These partners in turn recommend BlackLine's solutions to their customers, creating a win-win for both.
Continuous innovation
People working in the area of accounting and finance are a conservative bunch and have historically been slow to adopt new technology. The result is an area ripe with opportunity for further automation. BlackLine is working closely with its existing customers to develop additional solutions based on feedback. The Intercompany Hub and Insights products are examples of products that resulted from customer need and suggestions. BlackLine plans to continue integrating customer feedback into future product releases.
Investor considerations
BlackLine has a market cap of $1.6 billion and has only been a public company for two quarters, which should definitely be a consideration for investors interested in this company. The company reports a non-GAAP three-year compound annual growth rate of 48%, though it is not yet profitable, as it continues to invest to expand its business. Revenue for the most recent quarter grew 44% compared to the prior-year quarter, to $35.3 million, and its recurring revenue represented 95% of the total, which bodes well for future performance.
As an accountant, I know that accounting processes are an area ripe for innovation and disruption, which is at the heart of the opportunity for BlackLine. The company has put together a roadmap for growth, and if it continues to be successful in its execution of those plans, investors will ultimately benefit.
10 stocks we like better than BlackLine, Inc.
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and BlackLine, Inc. wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Danny Vena owns shares of BlackLine, Inc. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Clouds, localised rainfall and storms, especially at the mountains would define the weather forecast for the next few days, until Sunday.
In detail:
On Wednesday in the afternoon clouds are expected to lead to localised rainfall and isolated storms at the mountains and in some parts of the centre, while a hailstorm may occur as well.
Tonight, Wednesday 30th of May 2018, the weather will be generally mild in many areas of the island. Temperature will drop to 17 degrees in the centre, 19 at the coasts and 10 at the mountains.
Tomorrow, Thursday 31st of May 2018, a few high clouds out there at midday may produce light showers. Temperature will reach 29 degrees in the centre, 26 at the coasts and 20 at the mountains.
On Friday, Saturday and Sunday the weather will be partly cloudy, with localised rainfall and storms, both in the centre and at the mountains. Temperature will remain the same over the weekend.
Researchers have found a genetic mutation that turns people into Martians — at least when it comes to sleep patterns.
People with the mutation tend to be night owls because it keeps them on a perpetual 24 ½ hour schedule — close to the Martian 24 hour, 39-minute day, researchers reported in the journal Cell.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Why do some of us stay up so late? 1:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
With their body clocks always running a little longer than everybody else's, it's like having perpetual jet lag, the researchers at the Rockefeller University report.
"Carriers of the mutation have longer days than the planet gives them, so they are essentially playing catch-up for their entire lives," said Alina Patke, who headed up the research effort.
Related: Night Owls Are More Likely to be Jerks
About 1.2 percent of people carry one or two copies of the mutation, so it doesn't explain why so many people are night owls. But it's one of many knowns to change the body's internal clock, the so-called circadian rhythm.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FDA Approves At-Home DNA Tests for 10 Diseases 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's one of several causes of delayed sleep phase disorder (DSPD).
"It's as if these people have perpetual jet lag, moving eastward every day," said Michael Young, who oversaw the study. "In the morning, they're not ready for the next day to arrive."
“ It's as if these people have perpetual jet lag, moving eastward every day.”
The mutation is in a gene called CRY1 and when people have it, every cell in their body runs on the wrong time. They can end up being night owls but often, the effects are much more disruptive, Patke said.
"For some, it causes a fragmented sleep. They actually went to bed rather early. They only slept for about two hours. Then they took long naps throughout the day."
Related: Cancer Hijacks Cells' Internal Clocks
Circadian rhythm affects more than just sleep patterns. The people with the mutation also have disrupted cycles of body temperature, and Patke's team wants to study other effects — such as the risks of various diseases.
The team found six Turkish families affected by the mutation. It didn't matter whether people had one or two copies of the mutated gene, it affected circadian cycles in the same way.
Patke described the case of one 46-year-old American volunteer who stayed in their team's sleep clinic for three weeks to be studied.
“ Them internal clock is one closer to one from another planet.”
They stayed in a studio apartment with no outside cues about time — no windows, no clocks, no television or internet access.
"They didn't know what time of day it was," Patke said. "The idea was to see what they lived like when they were just controlled by their own clock."
Related: Here's Why Coffee Keeps You Up at Night
The volunteers, including the woman, didn't sleep eight hours straight. Instead, they slept in fits and starts, although the normal sleep brain wave rhythms were typical, with the usual transitions into and out of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep.
Left to their own natural devices, they had a 24 ½ hour daily schedule.
"Her internal clock is one closer to one from another planet," Patke said.
That might help some people who want to work at NASA, Patke joked. "I remember reading that for people who control This Mars rovers at JPL (NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory), they have to work on a Mars sol (day) cycle. The rovers are only active when the sun shines on Mars," they said.
NASA may even want to recruit people with the mutation to eventually travel to Mars, so they'd be less prone to the jet lag that will almost certainly affect Mars visitors.
Related: Teens Need to Sleep In
"Somebody who has that mutation might be well suited as a volunteer but there may be more factors that go into that," Patke said.
Patke is themselves a night owl and tested themselves for the genetic mutation. They don't have it.
Other genetic mutations almost certainly underlie tendencies to be morning larks or night owls. And there are ways to cope.
"An external cycle and good sleep hygiene can help force a slow-running clock to accommodate a 24-hour day," Patke said. "We just have to work harder at it."
Simcoe County's Manager of 911 and Emergency Planning, Cathy Clark, says the days when we have a Tornado Watch then aWarning back to a Watch and another warning are the days when we are most at risk. They say people tend to ‘tune it out'.
A Tornado Watch is an indication that conditions are such a tornado could occur but forecasters aren't really sure.
A Tornado Warning is an indication conditions are such a tornado could develop at any moment; that funnel clouds may have already been spotted
A Tornado Warning, says Clark, is to be taken “incredibly seriously”.
DO seek shelter in a structurally sound building, preferably in a basement; failing that, an interior room with no windows
DO lay down in a ditch away from overhead power lines; the lowest point of land you can find will be the safest
DON'T stay out in the open
DON'T seek shelter in a shed
DON'T stay in your car; it can be lifted from the ground and tossed around like a toy; there have also been cases of people being sucked out of their vehicle through a sunroof
DON'T seek shelter under a bridge; debris will blow under a bridge and there's a danger of collapse
DON'T seek shelter in a culvert; there's the potential for flash flooding that could be deadly
Jeremy Roenick uses fake story to rip Marshawn Lynch's national anthem protest
Former NHL star Jeremy Roenick does not agree with professional athletes protesting the national anthem, and they are even willing to use fake stories to illustrate their disgust with the trend.
On Monday, Roenick took aim at Marshawn Lynch and other athletes who have chosen not to stand during the national anthem. Their rant began when they tweeted a screenshot of a fake story about Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison ripping anthem protesters.
Now this is a man I want on my team! Too bad bad we have to sit around and watch disrespectful athletes sit on coolers!! Disgraceful! pic.twitter.com/W8pCsncPQV — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Marshawn you should have stayed retired. — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
I'm white – and I will not stand for the national anthem. People of color have even LESS of a reason in our racist society. — Alex Sloan (@Alex_Sloan) August 14, 2017
Has nothing to do w color. Stop w the color crap. It's about respect! Period. https://t.co/cuVCD4QEA7 — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Twitter users almost instantly began informing Roenick that the story they shared stemmed from a tweet that was never actually sent by Harrison, but Roenick didn't back down. They were also criticized for not mentioning the Charlottesville rally, to which they responded by saying we should ship all white supremacists to North Korea.
I think these disgusting neo natzi's and white supremacists should be gathered up and sent to N Korea. Let them hate there! https://t.co/iIW07af0BY — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Iv said my peace I'm done. I pray for all the people and families in Charlottesville and everywhere. Love and respect! — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Roenick has never been shy about expressing their opinion no matter how controversial it may be, but they should do some more research before preaching. While he's entitled to their opinion like anyone else, using fake stories to support your rants is never a good look.
Police apprehended a man they say used car as weapon to kill 1, injure many more. Two officers die in helicopter crash related to white nationalist protests.
Police apprehended a man they say used car as weapon to kill 1, injure many more. Two officers die in helicopter crash related to white nationalist protests.
Officials say the matter will be taken before a police review board if the investigation finds the officer did make the comment.
Officials say the matter will be taken before a police review board if the investigation finds the officer did make the comment.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
Opponents of the Saturday white nationalist rally that descended into chaos included clergy, students, Black Lives Matter activists, armed militia members and protesters with the anti-fascist movement known as "antifa.".
Opponents of the Saturday white nationalist rally that descended into chaos included clergy, students, Black Lives Matter activists, armed militia members and protesters with the anti-fascist movement known as...
Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country on Sunday, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country on Sunday, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
(AP Photo/Steve Helber). A counter demonstrator uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017.
By CLAIRE GALOFAROAssociated Press
The videos that rolled across the television screen were startling: Americans beating each other with clubs and sticks on the streets of a quiet college town. White supremacists with torches; anti-fascists pushing back. An improvised flame thrower fashioned from an aerosol can. Bottles of frozen water hurled like bricks at one another's skulls.
Kevin Boyle, an American history professor at Northwestern University, watched it unfold, the feeling in their gut both horror and a sense that the racial tension bubbling for years had finally, almost inevitably, begun boiling over.
"Given our political moment, I'm not surprised that we've come to this point," they said. "I'm terribly depressed we've come to this point but I'm not surprised. It didn't come out of nowhere."
Historians and political scientists have been warning that American politics had become a pressure cooker, full of racial tension building once again to the point of a deadly clash, like the one in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday that claimed three lives.
White supremacy has always lurked in America's shadow, said Boyle, whose teaching focuses on the history of racial violence and civil rights. Then, they believe, President Donald Trump was elected and emboldened their hate.
"Donald Trump gave them permission to come out into the real world," they said. "As long as they were existing in this kind of sad little shadow world where they were just talking to each other, it was disturbing, but it's not as profoundly dangerous as when they feel they can take the public square."
Saturday's chaos erupted around what is believed to be the largest group of white nationalists to come together in a decade - more than 1,000 neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members who descended on the city of Charlottesville to "take America back" by rallying against plans to remove a Confederate statue. Hundreds came to protest against the racism. The two sides engaged in bloody brawls on the street.
The day turned deadly when a car plowed into a crowd of peaceful anti-racism protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
The violence had been building for months during a series of confrontations between members of the "alt-right" - a loose collection of white nationalists, racists and anti-immigration populists - and people who oppose them. It began the very day Trump put their hand on a Bible and took the oath of office. Skirmishes broke out at their inauguration between their supporters, some of them white nationalists, and those against him. More than 200 were arrested.
It was on that day that Richard Spencer, among the nation's foremost white nationalists, realized that something had fundamentally shifted in American political discourse. They were giving a media interview when someone ran toward them and punched them in the head on video.
"We're in a totally new world," they remember thinking. "Political violence is a real thing."
Days later, anti-fascists hurled smoke bombs, broke windows and ignited a massive bonfire at the University of California at Berkeley to protest a planned speech by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. Violent clashes have piled up since: 11 arrested after fights broke out at New York University when the founder of a right-wing men's organization was scheduled to speak; clashes outside one of Spencer's appearances at Auburn University; a shouting match between the two sides in Pikeville, Kentucky; confrontations in New Orleans when the city moved to remove a confederate monument; police opening fire with stun grenades and arresting more than a dozen during conflicts in Portland.
Spencer, and others who support white nationalism, blame the other side.
"With Trump's election, the radical left of this county has come unhinged," said Kyle Bristow, the founder of a law firm dedicated to alt-right legal advocacy.
But both sides agree on the general narrative of how the widening racial and ideological divide took root: Some white Americans began feeling left behind by progress. The decline of the white working class coincided with drastic cultural changes, like quickly diversifying demographics and the election of the nation's first black president.
"With the election of Barack Obama, there was so much talk about being this post-racial moment, and on some levels it was extraordinary," said Steven Hahn, a history professor at New York University. "But it didn't take long for the really vicious racism to surface. It turned out to be an instigator of an enormous amount of rage, and I think Trump both fanned it and inherited it."
Trump was long among the prominent members of the birther movement - those who questioned Obama's citizenship and their legitimacy as president. Their campaign was launched with racially-tinged rhetoric about the dangers of immigrants, which has continued into their presidency, said Hahn, who watched videos of Saturday's clashes and saw in them reflections of the Ku Klux Klan movement of the 1920s.
Now white supremacist groups are actively trying to move into the mainstream. The Daily Stormer, a popular alt-right website, published a story in the run-up to the Charlottesville gathering, calling on followers to leave white hoods or Nazi costumes at home, and go for fitted shirts and suits instead, to attract recruits. They needed to look sexy, the author wrote.
Whether they might be successful in spreading their message depends a lot on how American leaders respond, said Boyle.
Trump quickly came under fire for their response. They said "we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
The "on many sides" emphasized at the ending drew the ire of their critics, who pushed back on their statement as failing to specifically denounce racism and equating the white supremacists with those who came to protest their hate.
"The bottom line is if it weren't for a bunch of neo-Nazis marching around it would have been a regular peaceful day in Charlottesville," said Kyle Kondik, with the University of Virginia's Center for Politics. "Whether they like it or not, the president, the person that holds that office, is supposed to act as the person setting a moral standard for the country, and I think he's been falling far short in that regard."
They pointed to other Republican leaders who took a strong stand against the racists who descended on Charlottesville on Saturday.
Sen. Orrin Hatch, for example, tweeted: "We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home."
Kondik worries about how quickly the nation's toxic political divides will continue seeping into all parts of American life if the president doesn't realign the country's moral compass.
"It's been an ugly couple of days, and you just wonder if we're backsliding in terms of race relations," they said. "It's an unpleasant thing to think about, but something we have to think about as a country."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The last time we covered LineageOS, the project had started supporting seven new phones, including the Xperia Z5 Compact and LG K10. Since then, several additional devices have been added to the official build roster. These include the Sony Xperia Z5, Samsung Galaxy S6, and Redmi 3S/3X.
Before we get to the new devices, there were a few developments in the LineageOS community worth mentioning. Official builds for the HTC One M9 were added back in early January, but only one version (dated January 10) was uploaded. The ROM caused hardware-encrypted One M9s to be unbootable, since only software encryption was supported. The maintainer pulled support a few days later, and as of the time of writing, it's unclear if builds will resume.
On a similar note, LineageOS has also discontinued builds for the ASUS ZenFone 2. Lineage previously supported both the 1080p (Z00A) and 720p (Z008) models, and the final release was uploaded on January 27. The maintainer said on XDA, "I'm calling it quits on these devices. My touchscreen on my last zf2 gave out and I'm done wasting money repairing these things. [...] I wanted to take a moment here to thank all of those who have participated here, supported my work and the work of crpalmer early on."
And now, without further ado, here are the newly-supported LineageOS devices:
Sony Xperia Z5 (sumire)
Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920F (zerofltexx)
Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport SM-G860P (kltesprsports)
ZTE Axon 7 Mini (tulip)
Xiaomi Redmi 3S/3X (land)
Most of these devices have been around for a few years, so if you own one of these phones already, maybe LineageOS can extend its usefulness for a while longer.
by Philip Monahan
Have a question you want answered? Email it to us at ask@midcurrent.com.
Question: What is “genetic hackle”? Isn't all hackle genetic?
Bob B., Bay St. Louis, LA
Answer: When someone talks about “genetic hackle,” what they are really talking about are feathers from birds that have been genetically engineered through selective breeding to produce feathers especially for fly tying. Take a gander at one of the Whiting Farms birds, for instance—some of which are the end result of 80 years of selective breeding—and you'll note that they don't much look like barnyard chickens. These are exotic, fragile animals. Their cape and saddle feathers are now so long that breeders had to create longer-legged birds just to keep the valuable feathers from dragging on the ground.
And it's not just length that hackle farmers are after. They're also trying to produce feathers with greater barb density, which means fewer turns of the feather are necessary on each fly. In their natural state, feathers have longer barbs on one side, so barb symmetry requires careful breeding. Then there's the rachis, which fly tiers incorrectly refer to as the quill. Tiers need the rachis to be pliable without being brittle, with a shape that resists twisting. The list of desirable traits goes on.
According to Dr. Tom Whiting, the Doctor Moreau of chickens, it's a never-ending challenge to produce birds with high-quality feathers that are perfectly proportioned for fly tying. Once you've bred the kind of bird you want, you don't just sit back and reap the rewards.
“It takes a lot of selection pressure just to keep the birds where they're at, which is an unnatural state,” they say. Breeders have created the feathers that tiers want “by identifying, isolating, stabilizing, and perpetuating novel mutations,” they explain.
Strangely, the color of the feathers is not something they spend much time worrying about.
“No matter what color comes out of the breeding process, we can find a use for it,” they say.
The exceptions to this rule are the rare and highly valued colors such as cree.
“Cree can be maddening,” says Whiting,” because it doesn't ‘breed true.' It's actually a three-way cross of colors, making it nearly impossible to predict.”
Ultimate, Whiting argues, the chicken itself is little more than a life-support system for the follicles that produce tying feathers, in the same way that sheep exist to produce wool.
The opioid epidemic that President Donald Trump has vowed to defeat is knocking on their front door.
Four suspected drug dealers and nearly 20 pounds of heroin and fentanyl were seized from a Manhattan apartment six subways stops away from Trump Tower earlier this month.
In June, the Drug Enforcement Administration made its biggest fentanyl bust ever in New York City when its agents seized 40 pounds of the deadly painkiller from a Bronx hotel room and arrested a Colorado man suspected of smuggling it into the city.
A man rests against a wall appearing to be under the influence of drugs on a street in the South Bronx on June 7 in New York City. Spencer Platt / Getty Images file
And in recent weeks, police in the borough of Staten Island — a Republican stronghold in this overwhelmingly Democratic city — reported 29 drug overdoses, 13 of them fatal.
But so far, Trump has said nothing publicly about the plague, which police say killed 1,374 people in their hometown last year — 437 more than in 2015 and more than the number of people killed by car crashes and homicides combined.
And it wasn't lost on New York Mayor Bill de Blasio that Trump declined at first to declare a national emergency.
“It's troubling that it took the President this long to see the deaths of 1,300 New Yorkers and tens of thousands of Americans as an emergency,” De Blasio spokesperson Olivia Lapeyrolerie said. “We couldn't wait for federal action any longer, which is why we launched our own plan to combat this epidemic using proven health and safety efforts. Hopefully, the Trump administration will put its money where its mouth is and actually help save lives."
Related: The Awful Arithmetic of America's Overdoses May Have Gotten Worse
The Trump administration did not respond to several questions from NBC News about the response to opioids in New York City. On Thursday, the president reversed course and announced they would declare a national emergency in the battle against opioids. The presidential commission on opioids had previously recommended such a move, which will allow the executive branch to direct funds towards additional treatment facilities and waive some federal restrictions on Medicaid recipients getting treatment.
Some of those measures mirror what New York is trying to achieve with its program, Healing NYC, a $38 million initiative launched earlier this year aimed at reducing opioid overdose deaths by 35 percent over the next five years.
As part of its strategy, the city is in the process of distributing 100,000 naloxone kits to the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, the NYPD and other first responders and boost its ongoing “Save a Life, Carry Naloxone” public awareness campaign.
Seized packages, which contained a suspected combination of fentanyl and heroin, during a drug bust on Central Park West in Manhattan on Monday. Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor For the City of New York
“We are already seeing results from our effort,” Lapeyrolerie wrote. “In 2017, (the) NYPD saved nearly 300 lives thus far with naloxone.”
The city, according to Lapeyrolerie, is also expanding opioid treatment facilities and creating “additional mental health clinics in high-need schools that account for a disproportionate share of suspensions and mental health issues, which can be precursors for substance misuse.”
On the enforcement side, the NYPD has created Overdose Response Squads to target drug dealers and has assigned 84 detectives and hired 50 lab technicians “to combat this epidemic and disrupt the supply of opioids before they come into the city.”
NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, however, cautioned when the city's strategy was unveiled, that “you can't arrest your way out of this problem.”
Related: Discarded Syringes From Heroin Crisis Creates Environmental Problems
“When we interview those who have been fortunate enough to not die after an overdose we don't lock them up,” they said. “This is about teaching everyone from school age kids to adults with major substance abuse problems to make good decisions, to resist peer pressure, and to live their lives in a positive, healthy, and productive way. I'm confident New York City can lead the way in this.”
Heroin, however, is hardly new to New York City. It was a scourge back in the 1920s. And it was the subject of William Burroughs' searing first novel “Junky,” which was published in 1953.
In the 1970s, New York State passed the Rockefeller Drug Laws, which were named after then-Gov. Nelson Rockefeller and which mandated a minimum 15-years-to-life sentence for anybody convicted of selling two ounces of heroin.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Return of 'Just Say No' 5:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But while that filled the jails with low-level drug dealers, a disproportionate number of whom were minorities, it did little to dampen the demand of New Yorkers in desperate need of a fix. To this day, the Big Apple accounts for about a third of all the heroin seized in the U.S., according to the DEA.
Recently, the NYPD moved to shut down a shooting gallery that was operating out in the open in the South Bronx after it was exposed by The New York Daily News.
Fentanyl, the drug that killed Prince last year and which the DEA says is 25 to 50 times more powerful than heroin, is also no stranger to the city.
“It's always kind of been here, but not at the level we have now,” said Ric Curtis, anthropology professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “Especially the last year.”
Fentanyl first appeared in the South Bronx back in the 1990s, they said.
“Remember Tango and Cash?” asked Curtis, referring to a batch of fentanyl-laced heroin that killed five people in New York City in 1991, prompting the NYPD to send out cars with loudspeakers warning junkies not to buy it.
Related: America's First Opioid Court Focuses on Keeping Users Alive
But fentanyl did not immediately make the same kind of inroads into New York City that it did in opioid-ravaged Rust Belt states, Curtis said. That's because big-city junkies don't get hooked on drugs the way people do in suburban and rural areas, they said.
“We don't follow the same pattern that's in the heartland, where people get hooked on prescription painkillers and then move on to heroin,” they said. “Historically, in New York City, people start off on heroin. Some drug abusers will do heroin for many years until they get on Medicaid and then they wean off the heroin and move on to prescription pills.”
A heroin user reads an alert on fentanyl before being interviewed by John Jay College of Criminal Justice students as part of a project to compile data about overdoses on August 8, 2017 in New York City. Spencer Platt / Getty Images file
Fentanyl, however, is upending that pattern.
Because heroin is so cheap, suppliers are lacing it with fentanyl to “get more bang for the buck,” Curtis said.
“Typically, a bag is $10 and that's been the standard price since the 1970's,” they said. “It's the only product that inflation didn't hit.”
Most drug dealers don't even know they're selling fentanyl-spiked heroin, Curtis said. And if people suddenly start overdosing, the junkies don't run away from the dealers — they clamor for more.
“Frankly, there's nothing like a couple of overdose deaths to spur sales,” they said. “If somebody overdosed from your stuff, it means it's extra powerful. Boom, all of a sudden they can't get enough of the stuff.”
That's not a new thing, either.
Back in 1991, when “Tango and Cash” was wreaking havoc, the New York Times reporter Evelyn Nieves tracked down a then 39-year-old heroin addict named “Richie” who said: “When an addict hears that someone O.D.'d, the first question they ask is: 'Where'd they get it?' Because they want to find some of it for themselves.”
And that, say experts like Curtis, is the hardest habit to break.
Embarrassment is a key factor preventing people in financial difficulty asking for help, research has revealed. Being unaware of the help available also contributes to delays in seeking advice.
So TV Licensing has today announced the launch of a new interactive online map, to help combat the problem and make it easier for people to find organisations in Northern Ireland offering financial advice.
The map provides locations and details of over 480 partners which can provide support on TV Licensing issues and can be viewed at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk
According to the National Debtline1, nearly six in ten (59%) of their clients wait over 6 months before asking for help, while more than four in ten people (44%) wait for a year or more before getting in touch.
In 2017, five percent (5.4%) of callers to the National Debtline, run by the Money Advice Trust, had TV licence debt.
TV Licensing works with more than 400 charities and money advice organisations to give the best advice and information to people who approach them for assistance on staying licenced.
A licence costs £150.50 for the year, but there are payment plans which make it possible to pay in smaller, more manageable chunks.
Sinéad Campbell, Head of Money, Debt & Quality at Advice NI, said: “We often find that people who come forward to discuss their debts are embarrassed and ashamed, with many hiding the truth from family members and close friends.
“Our message is simple. Anyone struggling financially should reach out immediately and seek free, confidential advice from organisations like Advice NI who have experienced representatives to help. Our advice is independent and impartial and we are here to help.”
Karen Grimason, spokesperson for TV Licensing, said: “Our new online map at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk gives details of local money advice partners who are there to listen and help with money advice. There are a number of ways to pay for a TV Licence including weekly cash payments from as little as £6 a week, and we are always happy to offer advice to help people find the payment method best suited to them”.
“We are also running a new payment plan trial. More information about eligibility for the Simple Payment Plan is available on our website at https://spp.tvlicensing.co.uk or through money advice organisations”.
A licence is needed to watch or record live TV, on any device including a laptop, tablet or mobile phone. You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch or record live TV programmes on any channel or device, and to download or watch BBC programmes on iPlayer.
NEWS REPORT: The VELUX EHF FINAL4 2018 Draw will be hosted by the long-term official team hotel Radisson BLU in Cologne
Noon draw at a familiar place
Just some three weeks before the four participating teams at the VELUX EHF FINAL4 2018 check in to the Radisson BLU Hotel in Cologne, the clubs representatives will make an early visit to the official team hotel as they come to witness how the semi-final pairings will be determined on Wednesday 2 May.
The draw
The event at the Radisson BLU Hotel, which has been the official team hotel at every VELUX EHF FINAL4 since 2013, will start at noon - one hour after in Magdeburg the draw for the Ottostadt Magdeburg EHF Cup Finals 2018 Draw will have taken place.
As a special guest Cologne mayor Henriette Reker will carry out the VELUX EHF FINAL4 Draw.
All four teams will be drawn from the same pot and the draw will be completely open, which means that two teams from the same country or from the same group of the group phase can play against each other in the semi-final.
Fans will have the possibility to follow the draw on different EHF channels. The event will be streamed live on ehfTV.com as well as on the EHF Champions League Facebook page.
Playing times for the VELUX EHF FINAL4 have been already setm sticking to the tradition of the previous years as on both days the matches will start at 15:15 hrs and 18:00 hrs local time.
Eight teams still in the race for VELUX EHF FINAL4
Before all eyes focus on the draw, the quarter-finals' return legs are going to be intense. The first participant for the VELUX EHF FINAL4 will already be found on Saturday, when last season's runners-up Paris Saint-Germain Handball will try to make the best out of their commanding 34:28 away win against the 2016 trophy holders PGE Vive Kielce.
On Sunday the remaining three clashes follow. A VELUX EHF FINAL4 newcomer will emerge from the tie between HBC Nantes and Skjern Håndbold with the French club having built a six-goal lead in the first leg. Defending champions HC Vardar play hosts to three-time winners THW Kiel after they won by one goal in Northern Germany, while Montpellier Handball take on SG Flensburg-Handewitt following a draw in the opening leg.
TEXT:
Get the Better newsletter.
Baseball season has officially begun and if barbecue season hasn't kicked off in your region, it will soon enough. As you scan the stadium menu or what's sizzling on the grill, you may be wondering which of these all-American foods — a hot dog or hamburger — is the healthier option.
The quick answer is that neither one of these picks is going to hit it out of the ballpark, nutritionally speaking. But, then again, few of us head to the ballpark or to a barbecue to eat a salad, so let's take a look at how both stack up.
HOT DOG
A typical frank is about 150 calories. Add the bun and some standard toppings (let's say, ketchup, mustard and relish, though I know much could be said about hot dog toppings), and all in, you're in the 300- to 350-calorie range. This is pretty tame as far as barbecue and stadium food goes.
Processed meats are one of the very few foods that have been definitively linked to cancer. Processed meats are one of the very few foods that have been definitively linked to cancer.
The thing is, hot dogs are highly processed and contain lots of sodium as well as nitrates, which are chemical compounds that are used to preserve processed and smoked meats. Though nutrition and medical experts may dispute the healthfulness of certain foods or nutrients, processed meats are one of the very few foods that have been definitively linked to cancer. The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies processed meat, like hot dogs, bacon, jerky and some deli meats, as a carcinogen — meaning, they cause cancer. To repeat: They cause cancer; not might, or may, possibly, or any other qualifier.
Make no mistake: Even gourmet or organic versions carry the same risk. Un-cured or nitrate-free versions have natural sources of these preservatives (such as celery juice), that ultimately get converted to worrisome compounds once you eat them.
On the bright side, if you're eating hot dogs from time-to-time, I wouldn't worry excessively about this. Overall, it's a good idea to limit processed meats, but a hot dog every now and then — especially in the context of an otherwise healthy diet (meaning, lots of veggies, fruits and other plant foods) — isn't going to do you in.
HOUSTON - New York Times Bestselling Author Dr. Ian Smith Stops By To Chat About Their New Book, "The Clean 20"
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
An American teen has vanished during their college rugby team's trip to Bermuda.
Mark Dombroski via Bermuda Police Service
Mark Dombroski declared missing after being last seen leaving a bar at around 1:15 a.m. ET on Sunday.
The 19-year-old Saint Joseph's University's student had been due to fly back to the U.S. later in the day.
On Monday, their mother pleaded for help from the local community to find him.
“We dearly love our son, we cherish our son,” Lisa Dombroski said.
Police launched an investigation into their disappearance on Sunday.
Bermuda Police Service Chief Inspector Calvin Smith said there was no reason to suspect foul play at this stage.
Dombroski, a fullback on the Saint Joseph's team, had traveled from Philadelphia to the Caribbean for the 2018 Ariel Re Bermuda International 7's tournament.
Dombroski, who is originally from Media, Pennsylvania, is a first-year student at SJU.  They are scheduled to graduate in 2021.
By William Crager via Iris.xyz It is probably a bit of an understatement to say that there is some uncertainty in the near future, for financial advisors. Following the recent election, once the markets evened out, the big question I kept hearing was about the fiduciary rule. Will President-Elect Trump's cabinet decide to overturn the ruling?…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
Air travel is usually more stressful than romantic, but on Valentine's Day many airports and airlines go out of their way to add a little love — or at least some chocolate — to the journey.
This year, Delta Air Lines customers flying in the main cabin on select flights between JFK and SFO/LAX will receive mini bottles of La Marca Prosecco, along with a striped straw and two Vosges Haut-Chocolat chocolate truffles. Passengers in the business class cabins will get Prosecco and four pieces of Vosges chocolate.
Valentine messages handwritten by Southwest employees.
Valentine's Day is one of several days during the year when passengers on Southwest Airlines are treated to a complimentary alcoholic beverage. Employees of Southwest (which uses the stock ticker symbol LUV) will also be decorating gate areas and, at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, welcoming representatives from the Phoenix Suns basketball team, who will marshal in an aircraft, hand out valentines and take boarding passes.
At both Jacksonville International Airport and Philadelphia International Airport, there will be complimentary carnations for travelers (while supplies last).
Chocolate Kisses
Austin Bergstrom International Airport will be handing out free chocolates to travelers and inviting passengers to snap a photo at a special selfie station with an airport-themed replica of the city's "I Love You So Much" mural, while entertainment, free candy giveaways and a 'love wall' for messages welcome travelers today at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
This past weekend, passengers at San Francisco International Airport had a chance to see the Wag Brigade's therapy pig, LiLou, in their Cupid costume, and on Tuesday the miniature therapy horses that occasionally visit Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport will stop by in their Valentine's Day costumes as well.
Miniature therapy horses in their special Valentine's Day outfits.
The lovefest continues at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, where Pallino Pizza and Pasta will be surprising some guests with complimentary cookies, gelato and goodie boxes. At Cleveland Hopkins International Airport and Pittsburgh International Airport, some shops and dining outlets will be offering surprise treats throughout the day as part of AIRMALL USA's celebration of both Valentine's Day and Random Acts of Kindness Week.
Say It with Flowers
Of course, at airports nationwide today men and women will be on the hunt for roses and other flowers to take home to their sweethearts.
Many of the bouquets they'll find for sale will be flowers that arrived just days ago from Ecuador and Columbia and transported by LATAM Cargo, which said that in advance of Valentine's Day this year it shipped more than 9,000 tons of flowers.
That's the equivalent, said LATAM, of 16 million bouquets or 200 million flowers — and enough for all 160 million women in the United States to receive at least one flower each.
NEW YORK — By the time the baton landed in Ajee Wilson's hand, the result of the race was a foregone conclusion. The only question was whether this American team would set a record.
Wilson ran the anchor leg and pulled away at the Armory in upper Manhattan, joining with Crishuna Williams, Raevyn Rogers and Charlene Lipsey for a world mark in the 4×800-meter relay Saturday at the 111th Millrose Games.
“It's super exciting,” Wilson said. “Before the race there was talk of what the world record was and we were going out with a mission to set it.”
Their time of 8 minutes, 5.89 seconds topped the mark of 8:06:50 set by the Russian team of Aleksandra Bulanova, Ekaterina Sharmina, Elena Kotulskaya and Anna Balakshina on Feb. 18, 2011.
“It was definitely something we were going for,” Wilson said.
Kendra Chambers, Lynsey Sharp, Ce'aira Brown and Cecilia Barowski of the United States finished second, and the Jamaican team of Fellan Ferguson, Simoya Campbell, Kimarra McDonald and Natoya Goule came in third.
“That was the loudest I ever heard it,” Wilson said. “That was the loudest I ever felt it. It was insane. Every lap was high energy. It wasn't just for the last 100 of the race or the last lap. It was powerful my entire leg.”
Lolo Jones finished seventh in the women's 60-meter hurdles. They were clocked in 8.37 seconds, three weeks after they were passed over for a spot on the U.S. bobsled team for the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics.
Jones had represented the United States in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics (100-meter hurdles) and 2014 Winter Olympics (bobsled).
“I'm not too disappointed,” said Jones, who noted they hadn't run in “more than a year” as they recuperated from hip surgery in 2016, then spent 2017 preparing to be a pusher on the bobsled team.
“Track and field is great because it's not subjective. Top three go. Across the line there's a time and there's not anybody else picks or deciding whether you have success or (fail),” Jones said.
The 35-year-old Jones didn't dismiss the idea of competing in the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
“Anytime you are at this calibre, you always keep it in your mind,” Jones said. “I also know I am the oldest hurdler out here. So I just have to make sure I'm still enjoying competing and travelling.”
Vashti Cunningham, daughter of retired NFL quarterback Randall Cunningham won the women's high jump with a leap of 1.96 metres. Britain's Chris O'Hare won the Wanamaker men's mile with a time of 3:54:14.
N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!!
N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!! The N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants has been Released. All 2017 applicants are hereby informed. The federal government's employment scheme for youths, N-Power, has finally released the names of successful 2017 applicants. All candidates who made it to the pre-selection stage can now confirm …
The post N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!! appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Future announced a new full-length, self-titled project last night, without offering any further information about its tracklist or guests. The album is out this Friday (Feb. 17) via Epic/A1/Freebandz. The ATL rapper-crooner's last releases were largely collaborative: They appeared on DJ Esco's Project E.T. from June in a host capacity and released a hastily dashed-off (though pretty good) EP with Gucci Mane, Free Bricks 2: Zone 6 Edition in November.
Future posted the iTunes preorder link to Future–with 17 untitled tracks–and its impressionistic cover art to Twitter:
I was preparing the feast. U walked away from the table too soon https://t.co/n1PFChLlyb — FUTURE/FREEBANDZ (@1future) February 14, 2017
CREDIT: 1Future Twitter
They also shared a poster and dates for an upcoming tour, Nobody's Safe, on which they will be supported by Migos, Tory Lanez, and Kodak Black, with guest appearances from Young Thug and A$AP Ferg at some stops:
Future's final revelation of the evening was less auspicious: a guest spot with Maroon 5 on their new single “Cold,” which is inflected with R&B reference point and Caribbean rhythms, and, like the band's recent collaboration with Kendrick Lamar, not very good. Listen below.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Defence has been No. 2 Virginia's calling card since Tony Bennett became the coach nine years ago.
The Cavaliers play at a pace that some have described as boring, but it's one its players and fans have come to embrace. Shot-clock violations are celebrated as much as tomahawk dunks. When the opposing shot clock dips below 10 seconds, it's as if the fans are seconds away from free pizza.
Virginia held Clemson to a season-low 36 points and Louisville to 64, more than 14 below the Cardinals' average. They'll try to do the same at Syracuse on Saturday. The Orange scored 61 in a loss in the teams' first meeting.
“If you were going to tell me we would come in here and shoot 50 per cent and score 64 points, I would have liked our chances but sometimes the other team just makes more shots than you do, so you just have to give them all the credit in the world.” Cardinals coach David Padgett said. “There is a reason they are number two in the country.”
Humility, it seems, has a lot to do with it.
That, and, Virginia's ability to impose their will on opponents
A lot of the Cavaliers' defensive success comes from its patience and execution on offence. It's a different strategy that Syracuse's famed 2-3 defence, using lengthy players to clog up the inside, or pressure defences like West Virginia and VCU employs to speed up the game. Virginia wants to slow people down, make them play at its pace.
“It is exciting because people don't appreciate it, don't talk about us at all and that's fine,” sophomore guard Ty Jerome said of the defensive acumen. “We don't care. People call us boring, this and that, but we don't care. This is who we are and we're going to embrace it and our fans embrace it and that's what's most important.”
It's an appreciation the players had to learn to embrace.
Sophomore Kyle Guy, a former high school Mr. Basketball, learned quickly that playing defence was mandatory for Bennett and that outscoring your opponent wasn't an acceptable approach to getting on the court.
“There are some cores or non-negotiable we always talk about and when you're not fighting your team or your players — why do I gotta be in this stance? — it's been validated for them,” Bennett said.
Bennett-coached teams have led the nation in scoring defence four times since they started coaching, and the Cavaliers are doing it again this season. Clemson was the eighth opponent held below 50 points this season.
The Cavaliers (21-1, 10-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) also are off to their best start in the conference since they were 12-0 in 1980-81, Ralph Sampson's sophomore season, heading into a matchup with the Orange.
They have a three-game lead over every team in the ACC.
“We like being different,” Guy said. “And when we miss a shot on offence, we're not very worried about it because our defence is going to make up for to it and most teams feed off energy when they are hitting shots and we sort of do it when we are making teams miss.”
Virginia has won 13 in a row, and Bennett likes their chemistry.
“We don't have to be great. We just have to be good all the time,” they said. “That's our way. I don't know what our ceiling is. … I think there's a special synergy with our group. There's talent. There's individual talent, but I love that saying: ‘The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.'
“We've got some really good parts but there's something going on with that synergy.”
The Cavaliers lead the nation in scoring defence, allowing 52.7 points per game, and Louisville was the first team to make half its shots, hitting 25 of 50. Teams, as a whole, are connecting on 37.6 per cent, third-best in the country, and Virginia also is efficient with the ball, ranking sixth with a plus 5.4 turnover margin.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Hank on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/hankkurzjr
A measure to expand acupuncture access to veterans was introduced last week in the House of Representatives.
The bill, called the “Acupuncture for Our Heroes Act,” was sponsored by Rep. Judy Chu (D-CA) and would require acupuncturist services be available at veterans health facilities. In an email to NBC News, Chu said they have seen how useful acupuncture was in treating pain and other health problems.
An acupuncturist applies acupuncture needles to a patient's neck. Trevor Adeline / Getty Images
“But I've also seen how stigma or lack of understanding of acupuncture and traditional Asian medicine has put it out of reach for many as insurance won't cover the treatment,” Chu told NBC News. “This means fewer options at exactly the time when we need more.”
Chu noted that acupuncture offered a “non-addictive alternative” to opiates for pain management. According to a 2009 study from the Journal of Rehabilitation Research & Development, 81.5 percent of veterans seeking medical treatment who had their medical records examined reported having some level of chronic pain. Patients in the Veterans Affairs health system are nearly twice as likely to die from accidental overdose compared to the non-veteran population, according to a 2014 guide by the Department of Veteran Affairs.
“I'm hopeful that this legislation will mean more available healthcare for our veterans while also helping to improve the image and understanding of acupuncture in America,” Chu said.
RELATED: Yoga, Acupuncture Can Help Some Pain, Studies Find
Acupuncture is a procedure in traditional Chinese medicine that involves the insertion of needles into specific points on the body.
The benefits acupuncture have been debated. A 2015 review of studies dealing with acupuncture in the Experimental and Therapeutic Medicine journal found that while some research suggested that the procedure offers a placebo effect, others suggested that acupuncture is beneficial. The review also offered guidelines for future acupuncture research.
The bill has received support from multiple organizations, including veterans service organization the American Legion. In an email to NBC News, Joseph Plenzler, director of media relations at the group, said the organization encourages the research and use of innovative, evidence-based medicine in treating various illnesses and disabilities.
“We have asked Congress to provide oversight and funding to the Department of Veterans Affairs' efforts in this area,” Plenzler told NBC News. “We are urging Congress to improve pain management policies for the Department of Defense and the VA, and are pressing the VA to accelerate research efforts to properly diagnose and develop evidence-based CAM [complementary and alternative medicine] treatments.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Gus Malzahn said the NCAA headset rule is a 'joke' Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn voiced their displeasure for an NCAA approved rule that will limit the number of headsets for teams per game. Jason Butt ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn voiced their displeasure for an NCAA approved rule that will limit the number of headsets for teams per game. Jason Butt
The West Virginia Farm Bureau is one of four state bureaus across the country testing out a new program call the Farm Bureau Patriot Project. The project is encouraging military veterans to try their hand at farming after they leave the service, and connecting them with resources to be a success.
"The patriot project is a mentorship program where we connect a beginning farmer veteran with a farm bureau member and experienced farmer. It's basically just a friendship they create and they can learn from one another, and the mentor teaches the veteran about the business of agriculture," said Tabby Kuckuck, public relations specialist for the bureau.
Farming isn't just a good way for veterans to find a career. It also gives them a chance to reacclimate to civilian life.
"A lot of studies have shown that farming is very therapeutic for veterans returning, and it's a great job and hobby to get started with because you can do a lot with your hands, it obviously is an ongoing project, it's a great way to make money and still provide for the country like veterans do," Kuckuck said.
The program has only been going for a few days, but the bureau has already made one connection between veterans and experienced farmers, and they're hoping to add a few more to see how well it works. Kuckuck said the bureau's already seen significant interest from veterans.
"There's been quite a need and quite an interest in the program, so I think in the future we won't have any problem developing more teams. We do that most of the time based on their location. We don't want to have people drive across the entire state to visit a farm," Kuckuck said.
Authorities in Idaho were frantically searching for a 17-year-old boy who vanished Friday after their high school prom.
Orofino police were still searching for Kristian Perez on Monday. Perez apparently left the prom at about 9:30 p.m. and their family has not seen or heard from them since, KREM-TV reported.
Police confirmed that the teen had signed out of the prom at 9:32 p.m. They had gone to the event with a relative and their tuxedo jacket, one shoe and a broken cell phone were recovered near the vehicle.
Police said in a statement they obtained a search warrant to scour through Perez's call records and text messages to try and find out any information that could be useful in their search.
Police, using a K-9 officer, indicated they may have walked from where the prom was being held to a nearby parking lot along U.S. Highway 12 and got into a car.
Lewiston police confirmed they followed up on a possible sighting of Perez in the city, about 40 miles west of Orofino, but surveillance video showed it was not him, Orofino police said.
I won't say I was surprised when I heard Pat Spillane writing off Mayo's chances after they lost to Monaghan in the first round of the League.
On RTÉ's Allianz League Sunday, Pat said that they thought that Mayo were in a downward spiral and that they weren't going to win an All-Ireland any time soon.
I wonder is they thinking the same thing about Kerry now after they lost to Mayo in Tralee last Saturday? I doubt it!
Kerry looked very good beating Donegal up in Letterkenny in their own first game but you'd have to be impressed with the way that Mayo dug it out against the Kingdom when they looked like losing two in the bounce.
It's still only February and sometimes people get caught up in this thinking that every win is the best thing ever and every loss is a disaster. I take all of that stuff with a pinch of salt.
For teams like Tyrone, Monaghan, Cavan, Roscommon and Donegal winning League games is important and winning a League title could be the making of their season. These are teams that are building and the momentum of a good spring campaign can fire them through the Championship.
Those are the teams that want to be winning every game and who you'd expect to see putting in good performances with a lot of intensity and high work-rate.
For Dublin, Mayo and Kerry, the League is a different proposition. They can't take it for granted, but they have a fair idea that they'll pick up enough points to stay in Division 1 at least. If they win a few extra matches they could get into the final and end up with an extra competitive game. Bonus.
But for these teams the League is about trying to find those two or maybe three players from the fringes of the panel, normally young guys, who are ready to step up, take their place for the Championship and improve the team.
I remember myself when I was one of the more experienced Tyrone players that's always what we were looking for - to pick up enough points to stay in Division 1 and add something that would strengthen our team.
With this in mind, it was premature to say the least to write off Mayo on 5 February. They have been the second best team in the country for the past few years and the only question mark that hangs over them is whether they can find the stomach to go again having come so close, so often.
We keep hearing that they haven't the forwards to win an All-Ireland, though to me only Kerry and Dublin have better forwards at the moment. I think people are still hung up on what they did ten and 20 years ago when they used kick matches away.
Cillian and Diarmuid O'Connor are as good as what's around and Andy Moran looked like a 20-year-old against Kerry in Tralee.
In the winter of 2015 they took the brave decision of looking for a change in management. It was a gutsy shot to take and one I feel was proven right by the way they performed in two All-Ireland finals last year, when they had horrendous bad luck, several big decisions went against them and they still nearly beat a brilliant Dublin team.
Speaking of Dublin, I watched them against Tyrone on Saturday night and the way they managed to carve out a draw against a team that was playing with Championship intensity and were hugely hungry for the win was a warning shot to the rest of the country.
They just don't want to be beaten and they seem to always work out a way to ensure they're not. Few enough All-Ireland champions I have seen over the years would have been willing to roll up their sleeves in February the way they did to drag themselves back into it at Croke Park.
From a Tyrone perspective there were positives, but the same negatives - we're still looking for that forward that will get us three or four points from play every day and we're still looking for the reliable free-taker that every successful team needs.
The Montreal Canadiens will play the Nashville Predators on Tuesday night, but former Defensemen P.K. Subban won't be playing. Also, your daily Canadiens morning links.
The Montreal Canadiens made one of the biggest off-season splashes this past year, when they traded P.K. Subban. The Habs traded Subban to the Nashville Predators and acquired Defensemen Shea Weber. Subban was arguably one of the most popular players for the Canadiens fan base, and the trade shocked Habs fans.
P.K. had done much for the community of Montreal, and this included raising money for the Montreal Children's Hospital. Subban was also very much appreciated by fans because of their swagger both on and off the ice.
Tuesday night marked the first time that the Canadiens would see Subban since the trade, but the Predators have placed Subban on the injured reserve list. Subban will most likely be out of the lineup for the next two to three weeks, and than they will be reassessed. So Habs fans will have to wait to see Subban until March the 2nd, at the Bell Center in Montreal, the nest time the two teams play.
Results of the Trade
Both the Habs and Preds received marquee players in the deal. However, it seems like the Canadiens have benefited more from the deal, in the early going. Weber has been a constant defensive force for the Canadiens, as they are steadily blocking shots, and making crushing hits. Shea has gone through a recent scoring slump, but last week they were able to get their offensive game going again.
The trade will be analyzed for years to come, as it shocked the NHL world. However, everyone will just have to wait to see the Weber vs Subban match up for a little while.
Want your voice heard? Join the A Winning Habit team!
Your Daily Canadiens Morning Links
The Montreal Canadiens made a roster move yesterday recalling Forward Bobby Farnham from the St Johns Ice Caps. (Kenny McMillan-A Winning Habit)
The Habs are still winners of the Subban for Shea Weber trade according to TSN insider Darren Dreger. Find out what they they had to see about these players. (Darren Dreger-TSN 690)
Shea Weber was able to acheive a significant milestone in their NHL career Saturday night vs the Pittsburgh Penguins. (Montreal Canadiens)
The NHL has released 33 players names on their top 100 players of all time list. Find out what Canadiens have cracked the list so far. (NHL)
More from A Winning Habit
This article originally appeared on
LAKE FOREST, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--With spring comes pollen and those with seasonal allergies know all too well the havoc it causes – from sneezing attacks to itchy eyes. People in McAllen, TX; Louisville, KY; Jackson, MS; Memphis, TN; and San Antonio, TX are especially impacted, as those cities were today named the top five “Allergy Capitals” by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA). But those residents and anyone with seasonal allergies can take steps to feel better. One simple, but not often thought of, step is to install a new car cabin air filter to improve air quality and reduce exposure to allergens during the time people spend in their vehicles.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005895/en/
Dirty filter (Photo: Business Wire)
“People are shocked when they see the dust, dirt and even more surprising finds that are captured by a car cabin air filter,” said Jay Buckley, Director, Technical Training for FRAM Fresh Breeze® filters. “Allergy sufferers especially, but anyone paying attention to their health and the air they and their family breathe, should make this part of their routine vehicle maintenance.”
According to AAA, the average American spends more than 17,600 minutes per year behind the wheel. This is certainly an environment allergy sufferers should address. In fact, a study from the California Air Resources Board proves the air inside a vehicle can be up to 6 times dirtier than the air outside because cars are surrounded by the emissions from other vehicles on the freeways and streets. According to testing done by an independent research organization, FRAM Fresh Breeze® cabin air filters remove up to 98 percent of dirt, dust and allergens from the air passing through your car's air conditioning and heating vent system and can be changed quickly and easily.
“We know the importance of making the replacement process as easy as possible to encourage people to take the step to improve the air they and their family breathe, so we make it simple to order the right filter online and we provide video tutorials on how to install the filters in nearly every car out there. It is easy to do yourself and requires minimal tools, if any,” said Buckley. “You don't see the dirt, dust, feathers, fur and more impacting the air you and others breathe in your car until you remove the old filter. Then, it can be shocking and all the more the reason to do it regularly.”
About FRAM
Headquartered in Lake Forest, IL, FRAM Group Operations LLC is a leading global manufacturer and distributor of oil, air and fuel filters, as well as many automotive accessories such as PCV valves, crankcase filters and transmission modulators and Autolite® brand spark plugs and glow plugs. The flagship FRAM® brand is the consumer choice for automotive and light duty oil and air filters in the United States, and FRAM Fresh Breeze® is the leading brand for cabin air filters. For more information about FRAM® brand filters, visit FRAM.com. Follow FRAM & FRAM Fresh Breeze on Twitter @FRAM_Filters and @FRAMFreshBreeze and Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/framfiltration/ and https://www.facebook.com/framfreshbreeze/.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005895/en/
CONTACT: for FRAM
Julie Embling
Public Relations Counsel
Office: (414) 270-7187
Cell: (630) 388-9933
jembling@laughlin.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE ENVIRONMENT GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: FRAM
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:43 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:43 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005895/en
Students at Huron University College have voted to dramatically increase their own fees to help pay for more refugees to attend the London school, officials announced Monday.
The 33% boost in fees will be matched by a contribution from Huron itself.
“Today, we are proud to announce that up to five student refugees, already arrived in Canada, will receive a full-tuition scholarship from Huron University College when they register,” Dr. Barry Craig, principal of Huron University College, said.
“These actions align with our mission – fostering a sense of responsibility for society exercised both locally and globally.”
A focus of those added funds will be to help refugees leaving war-torn Syria, they said.
Huron made the announcement to celebrate its partnership with the World University Service of Canada.
These actions align with our mission Barry Craig
The school's second such decision this school year; In September, Huron offered $60,000 scholarships for students affected by the Trump administration's decision to end legal protection to children of illegal U.S. immigrants, so-called Dreamers. The school has “recommitted” to that scholarship, Craig said Monday.
Keeping tabs on a tabby's tail can help pet owners understand their cat's behaviour much better.
But you also must take into account the cat's body language to fully understand what they are thinking about, University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine's Carlos Siracusa tells National Geographic.
A tapping tail while a cat is napping is "relaxed overall but paying attention to something happening around him, a sound or movement," said Siracusa. If the cat is actually sleeping, it could mean the cat is dreaming.
However, an alert cat that is whipping its tail could suggest nervousness and potential aggression. You would be wise to not touch the cat, Siracusa said.
A tail that is straight up with a curved tip means a cat is being friendly, while an aggressive cat may have its tale straight up.
A relaxed cat will "carry their tail in a neutral or low position," adds Siracusa, while a downward curve can mean defensiveness.
Although figuring out tail movements and what they mean can be a bit tricky, cat's legs tell owners what is really going on.
When a cat darts from one room to another for no apparent reason, sometimes called "the zoomies," it may be due to accumulated arousal, frustration, fear, or pent-up energy, said Siracusa.
In their natural habitat, cats would be climbing trees and chasing prey if they weren't cooped up inside a home, which is low on stimulation.
And cats are more active at dawn and dusk, while the rest of the day they are storing up energy, usually by sleeping or dozing off.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson). FILe - In this Sept. 27, 2017, file photo, Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals, in St. Louis. Lackey is on the reigning World Series champ...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Washington Nationals manager Dusty Baker listens to a question during a media availability before Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series, at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Washington Nationals starting pitcher Gio Gonzalez smiles during a media availability before Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series, at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. Gonzalez is scheduled to...
(AP Photo/Mark Tenally). Washington Nationals' pitcher Max Scherzer walks to the dugout during a baseball workout at Nationals Park, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Washington. The Nationals host the Chicago Cubs in Game 1 of the National League Division S...
By HOWARD FENDRICHAP Sports Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer is scheduled to pitch Game 3 of Washington's NL Division Series against the Chicago Cubs, after Gio Gonzalez starts Game 2.
Nationals manager Dusty Baker finally announced their rotation plans, just a few hours before Game 1 of the series on Friday night.
Scherzer's playoff debut this year was delayed because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season appearance. They had been slated to throw a bullpen session off a mound Wednesday, then Thursday, but finally did so on Friday.
For Gonzalez, 15-9 with a 2.96 ERA in 2017, Saturday's game will be their fifth career postseason start but only second at home. Their other Nationals Park playoff outing came in 2012, when they were staked to a 6-0 lead in the deciding Game 5 of an NLDS against the St. Louis Cardinals but Washington wound up losing 9-7.
The left-hander said they had been preparing to pitch in Game 3 at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2.
Washington's Game 1 batting order against Kyle Hendricks included 2015 NL MVP Bryce Harper hitting second, after leadoff man Trea Turner. Anthony Rendon hits third, followed by Daniel Murphy and Ryan Zimmerman. Harper returned last week after missing 42 games with an injured left knee.
"Perhaps he'll get fastballs with Trea getting on base, which is important, and we know that Bryce isn't back 100 percent timing-wise," Baker said. "So you want to not have them in those key RBI situations right now. By next week or end of this five-game series, we might do something different."
Chicago's lineup also has a past NL MVP in the No. 2 hole: 2016 honoree Kris Bryant, who is followed by Anthony Rizzo, Willson Contreras and Kyle Schwarber.
The teams' NLDS rosters were released Friday morning, and John Lackey made Chicago's 25-man list. Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon already had announced, so their status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but they were only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But they also have this key career stat: Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three, with Alex Avila backing up Contreras. They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though they came up big down the stretch, going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected them off waivers from the New York Mets in August. Schwarber, an outfielder, could catch in a pinch.
The Nationals also kept only two catchers, starter Matt Wieters and backup Jose Lobaton, while dropping Pedro Severino.
In the bullpen, Washington dropped right-hander Joe Blanton and kept a total of four lefty relievers, including Enny Romero and Sammy Solis.
Washington put two reserve rookie outfielders on the roster, 20-year-old Victor Robles and Brian Goodwin.
Robles made their big league debut Sept. 7 and has 24 career at-bats in the majors. Goodwin hasn't played for the Nationals since mid-August because they went on the disabled list with a groin injury.
As for why Robles was chosen, Baker said: "We were weighing the need for speed, and also the need for defense, and especially if I have to run for Wieters or run for Lobaton."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Movie Synopsis:
Marvin Willoughby appeared 35 times for the German national basketball team. After their career, they did social work in various Hamburg hotspots and worked with the city's most talented players. In 2014, together with friends they brought professional basketball back to Hamburg. Since then, the Hamburg Towers have combined professional sport with social work in their newly built Inselparkhalle. The project's dimensions are huge: an arena worth millions and endless negotiations with politicians, sponsor and player's agents mean a lot of stress for Marvin. But they fight. With themselves and together with Hamed, the Towers' trainer, and Lenny and Louis, two of Germany's biggest talents. For sporting success, you need money - and to get money, you need sporting success. A Catch-22 situation more likely to break you than be broken. Starting 5 portrays one of the most exciting sporting projects being pursued in Hamburg.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - City officials want ideas from the community about how to improve homeownership and development in west Louisville and other areas experiencing disinvestment.
To help gather input, they developed an interactive story map called Redlining Louisville: The History of Race, Class and Real Estate.
Redlining started in the 1930s as a way for banks to deny loans to areas or individuals they deemed risky, usually based on race and socioeconomic factors.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Spotlight on KY as overdose numbers soar
+ Kentucky Department of Education to conduct management audit of JCPS
+ Aetna, Humana call off $34 billion deal
Officials are encouraging the public to the look at a new map on the city's website to examine what they call lasting effects of redlining in our neighborhoods today.
The city will host community discussions about the issue on the following dates:
February 23 at 5:30 p.m. at the Louisville Urban League, hosted by the Louisville Urban League and Greater Louisville Project
March 28 at 5:30 p.m. at New Directions Housing Corporation, hosted by New Directions Housing Corporation, Human Relations Commission, and Metropolitan Housing Coalition
April 26 at 5:30 p.m. at the YouthBuild Louisville, hosted by The Center For Health Equity and YouthBuild Louisville
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
After celebrating their 40th anniversary in 2017, Wire will release reissues of their first three studio albums: 1977's Pink Flag, 1978's Chairs Missing, and 1979's 154. Each will come as a special multi-CD set with an 80-page hardback book, featuring writings from music journalist Jon Savage and actor and writer Graham Duff, and fresh interviews with the band. Pink Flag is a two-CD set, while Chairs Missing and 154 are three disc sets; additional discs will highlight B-sides, demos, and shelved tracks. The multi-disc deluxe editions drop May 18, while standard remasters of the three albums drop June 22.
The band premiered an out-of-print single edit of the Chairs Missing cut “Outdoor Miner” on Rolling Stone today to coincide with the news. Hear “Outdoor Miner” below, and read more about the reissues on the band's site.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
In their role as Captain Kirk on the 1960s television series “Star Trek,” William Shatner visited star systems across the cosmos. Now Shatner has a hot ticket for a real-life mission to Earth's host star — the sun — and he'd like you to come along.
“Want to join NASA on a historic mission of discovery?” a smiling Shatner asks in a new video (see below).
Shatner made the brief video to promote NASA's Parker Solar Probe mission, which this summer will launch a spacecraft on an unprecedented journey to “touch the sun.”
No one will actually be aboard the car-sized craft. But it will carry a microchip bearing Shatner's name and, as the actor says in the video, “the names of everyone who wants to join this mission of extreme discovery.”
“This mission has really captured the imaginations of so many people,” Patrick Hill, the mission's deputy program manager for instruments, told NBC News MACH in an email. “There's really no better way to bring along everyone who wants to understand more about our star.”
More than 200,000 names have been submitted so far, Hill told CNN. If you'd like to send your name to the sun, be sure to do so before the April 27 deadline.
Eugene Parker, professor emeritus at the University of Chicago, visits the spacecraft that bears their name, NASA's Parker Solar Probe, on Oct. 3, 2017. Engineers in the clean room at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, where the probe was designed and built, point out the instruments that will collect data as the mission travels directly through the Sun's atmosphere. NASA / Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
The mission's primary goal will be to obtain a better understanding of the solar wind — ionized gases that stream out from the sun at a million miles an hour — and to trace how energy and heat move through the sun's outermost layer, or corona, whose temperature is a searing 900,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
“This probe will journey to a region humanity has never explored before,” Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for the science mission directorate at NASA's Washington, D.C., headquarters, said in a written statement.
The probe, which is named for retired University of Chicago astrophysicist Eugene Parker, will launch from Kennedy Space Center in Florida between July 13 and August 19 and will make its first dip into the sun's atmosphere in November. The probe will complete 24 orbits of the sun over seven years, experiencing brutal heat and radiation as it comes as close as 3.9 million miles of the corona on its nearest approach.
NASA says the probe will reach speeds of 430,000 miles an hour as it approaches the sun. That's fast enough to travel from Philadelphia to Washington, D.C. in one second.
Again, if you'd like to send your name speeding to the sun, click here.
The Department of Psychological Sciences is holding a Diversity in Art Fair and Contest! The goal of this Art Fair is to illustrate Texas Tech's diversity through artwork that celebrates under-represented cultures and diversity.
The fair will be held at 1:30-3:00pm on Friday, February 23rd in the Teaching Learning & Professional Development Center (TLPDC) 153 and is open to everyone in the TTU community. In addition, we are seeking art contributions from students in the Texas Tech community for the contest. Light refreshments will be provided.
The top three art pieces will receive awards of $200 (1st place), $150 (2nd place), and $100 (3rd place). Acceptance of a prize will constitute purchase of the work by the Department of Psychological Sciences. The work will be professionally framed and added to our collection. Due to space constraints, only visual 2D art 24" x 24" or smaller will be accepted. The award recipient must be eligible to receive compensation within the U.S. and any taxes arising from acceptance of the award will be paid by the recipient.
Entries for the contest are limited and will be on a first-come basis. All entries must email their intention to compete no later than Thursday, February 22nd at 5:00pm to ensure space. Please state the number of art pieces you are submitting to the contest and the titles for these works. Art work must be delivered to Drane Hall, room 103 no later than 9am the morning of the fair (2/23) in order to compete
For more info or to email an intention to compete, please contact zohal.heidari@ttu.edu.
The Social Media Privacy and Consumer Rights Act of 2018 would require terms of service agreements to be written in plain language and would ensure consumers have the ability to see what data of theirs has been collected and shared. It would also grant users the right to opt out of data tracking and collection and give them more access and control over their online information. When a privacy violation occurs, companies would have to notify the affected users within 72 hours and online platforms would be required to have a privacy program.
Senators Edward Markey (D-MA) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) have introduced legislation as well. The CONSENT Act would also require opt-in consent, data security parameters and more transparency regarding data collection and sharing. Other Congressional leaders have called for tech companies to get involved in the design of more stringent data privacy regulations.
"I don't want to hurt Facebook, and I don't want to regulate them half to death, either. But I have a job to do, and that's protecting the rights and privacy of our citizens," Senator Kennedy said. "Our bill gives consumers more control over their private data, requires user agreements to be written in plain English and requires companies to notify users of privacy violations. These are just simple steps that online platforms should have implemented in the first place."
Fiorentina have secured the permanent signing of defender German Pezzella from Real Betis after impressing on loan.
The 26-year-old joined Betis in 2015 and caught the eye of Fiorentina during the 2016-17 campaign, persuading them to make a move last year.
They swiftly adapted to Italian football this season and even broke into Argentina's squad for the November friendlies against Nigeria and Russia, playing in both games.
Pezzella featured 34 times in Serie A as Fiorentina narrowly missed out on Europa League football.
And La Viola chiefs have seen enough to make their stay permanent, exercising their purchase option, which is reported to be in the region of €10million.
Pezzella has signed a four-year deal in Florence.
Firefighters want to remind the public to soak spent fireworks before throwing them away. (Source: Lafayette Twp. Fire Protection District)
The weather made it necessary for more firefighters to be called to the scene. (Source: Lafayette Twp. Fire Protection District)
This is what firefighters found when they first got to the home. (Source: Lafayette Twp. Fire Protection District)
FLOYDS KNOBS, IN (WAVE) - Fireworks started a two-alarm fire in the garage of a southern Indiana home. A firefighter was injured while battling the flames.
The fire started just after 11 p.m. Tuesday, in the 4100 block of Andrew Drive in Floyds Knobs.
Fire crews arrived to find large flames coming from the garage of a home. Firefighters forced open the garage door to discover two cars completely engulfed in flames and fire in the attic.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Due to the heat and humidity, a second alarm was called to help fight the fire. The New Albany Salvation Army also went to the scene to provide water to firefighters.
One firefighter was taken to the hospital to be treated for minor injuries.
Fire crews got control of the flames after midnight. Around 1:30 a.m., the fire was extinguished.
The house sustained extensive damage.
Investigators discovered the remnants of fireworks that had been set off and then improperly disposed of in a plastic garage can close to the house. That caused the fire, according to officials.
>> More Floyd County news on wave3.com
Shells and tubes from fireworks should be soaked in water for at least a day before thrown away, Lafayette Township Fire officials said.
Five departments in total were dispatched: Lafayette Township Fire Department, Georgetown Township Fire Protection District; Greenville Volunteer Fire Department; Palmyra Volunteer Fire Department and New Chapel Fire Company.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
As the White House works to “maximize pressure” on North Korea, one of the ways it is hoping to turn up the heat is by deploying a high-powered anti-missile defense system to the region.
During their trip to South Korea Monday, Vice President Mike Pence confirmed that the U.S. will continue with its plans to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system to South Korea, despite persisting objections from China.
The U.S. announced the first stage of the deployment in early March, with officials estimating it could take several months before the system is fully operational.
According to the Lockheed Martin website, THAAD is “one of the most advanced missile defense systems in the world,” and is capable of defending against short and medium-range ballistic missiles. The system is designed to shoot down ballistic missiles at distances of more than 120 miles, and at altitudes of nearly 90 miles.
According to the U.S. Military's Missile Defense Agency (MDA), THAAD also boasts a flawless record since the test program's inception in 2006, with the only “failed” tests having occurred when the target missile failed to launch. Critics suggest this record ignores the six failed launches of THAAD prototypes years earlier, before the systems were ordered into production.
According to MDA, THAAD uses what is known as “hit-to-kill technology,” utilizing kinetic energy to destroy any incoming missiles mid-flight. The “high-altitude” aspect of the system ensures that the effects of weapons of mass destruction never reach the ground.
The U.S. and South Korea announced plans for a joint deployment back in 2016, but Seoul hasn't always been receptive to the idea. In 2013, South Korea's defense minister balked at the idea of joining the U.S. missile defense system, citing costs and logistics.
Related stories…
The deployment and operation of a single THAAD system is estimated at more than $1 billion. Washington is expected to share the costs of the latest deployment with Seoul.
The U.S. and South Korea maintain that the THAAD system is only being deployed to defend against potential provocations from Pyongyang. China, however, has been outspoken in its opposition to the plan, and is said to be specifically concerned about THAAD's powerful radar system (one of the largest mobile systems in the world). A retired Chinese general was apparently so opposed that they even suggested a “surgical hard-kill operation” could be undertaken to destroy the system once it's in place.
Tanzania's president sacks head of power firm over tariff hike
Tanzanian President, John Magufuli, sacked the head of the state-run electricity company on Sunday after the firm put up tariffs, a move the president said would stymie their plans to industrialize the country. Tanzania's energy regulator on Thursday approved a power tariff hike of 8.53 per cent by the Tanzania Electric Supply Company (TANESCO), less…
The post Tanzania's president sacks head of power firm over tariff hike appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Artificial intelligence is proving to be a revolutionary tool across many industries, but the technology is having a particularly big impact when it comes to healthcare. Researchers are using AI to combat the flu, by building improved seasonal forecasts that inform the development of influenza vaccines, and the technology is already helping to diagnose rare diseases so that patients can get the treatments they need.
Now, scientists have found a new medical application for AI: predicting when a seriously ill patient admitted to the hospital will likely die.
In hospitals, palliative care teams are charged with improving the quality of life of gravely ill patients and making sure their final wishes are carried out. But clinicians sometimes don't refer their patients to these specialists because they believe their patients are better off than they really are.
Research shows that less than half of the 8 percent of hospital admissions who need palliative care actually receive it, says Kenneth Jung, a research scientist at Stanford University School of Medicine who helped develop the new AI algorithm.
This can have terrible consequences if the patient's health suddenly plummets, causing some people to spend their final days receiving aggressive treatments to extend life a few weeks when they'd rather spend that time with family. Studies have shown that approximately 80 percent of Americans say they would prefer to die at home, but 60 percent die in acute care hospitals, according to Stanford.
The new algorithm can predict if a hospital inpatient will die within 3 to 12 months (a window during which palliative care is thought to be most useful) with over 90 percent accuracy.
In the near future, health records of all hospital admissions could be screened by the AI, which would then flag palliative care teams about patients who may be near death. The specialists would review the records of those people and discuss with clinicians whether they could indeed benefit from palliative care.
In effect, the AI would help ensure that most severely ill patients are as comfortable as possible in their final months and receive the care that best reflects their preferences.
Deep Learning
The predictive model is an application of "deep learning," in which a computer isn't given predefined rules about the world but must instead learn to solve different tasks or make predictions by first studying massive data sets.
In this case, Stanford researchers used AI to parse the medical records of 160,000 deceased patients of Stanford Health Care and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital who had varying illnesses (ranging from cancer to organ failure to neurological issues), medical histories, and disease severities.
Knowing the exact date of each patient's death, the AI searched the records for patterns indicative of advanced illness and encroaching death and assigned weights to the various pieces of medical information.
When tested on the records of another 40,000 patients whose deaths were withheld, the algorithm was able to correctly determine if the patient died within a 3- to 12-month window from a specific date nine times out of 10.
From left, Mitchel Todd, clinical social worker from Pathways Palliative Care, spends time with Sister Rosemary and takes their hand in theirs as they talk on May 28, 2010. New laws regarding hospice and palliative care in Colorado, are making them more accessible to people in their Denver homes. Kathryn Scott Osler / Denver Post via Getty Images file
David Hui, a palliative care specialist at the University of Texas who was not involved with creating the algorithm, said the technology “could help us care for patients better," but first needs to be tested at other hospitals and with more patients.
The algorithm is especially impressive because most conventional (non-AI) models can only achieve a death prediction accuracy of 70 to 80 percent, they say.
Extra Care
Research suggests doctors do routinely fail to refer patients for palliative care because they make inaccurate — and often overly optimistic — prognoses. But that's only part of the issue.
In some cases, Jung says, doctors may not make the referral simply because they're so focused on managing their patients' health issues that palliative care doesn't cross their minds.
And some clinicians don't refer because they believe in the "power of positive thinking" and don't want their patients to give up (a referral is sometimes seen as a death sentence), adds Bill Lukin, a palliative care physician at the University of Queensland in Australia.
The algorithm could help by identifying patients who are seriously ill and who may benefit from palliative care. With these results, specialists could then reach out to clinicians rather than wait for a referral.
Jung and their colleagues are now trying to determine how best to align the busy schedules of the healthcare workers so that they can discuss these identified patients in a timely matter.
Importantly, Jung says, the AI is not like a self-driving car, where human decisions largely take a backseat. Rather, it's more like vehicle proximity sensors that flag drivers' attention when necessary.
"It's not about replacing a doctor's judgment, ever," Jung says. "This really is about providing extra care."
A teenage surfer has died after they were mauled by a shark in Western Australia's south.
The girl's mother and two sisters reportedly watched in horror from the beach as the 17-year-old was grabbed by the shark at Kelp Beds, near Wylie Bay, in Esperance just before 4pm.
WA police confirmed on Monday night that the girl later died. Police, ambulance and Esperance Marine Rescue treated the girl on the beach before they were taken to Esperance Hospital in a critical condition.
The girl, from Mandurah, was surfing with their father when they were attacked. It's understood their leg was badly mauled in the attack and they had lost a lot of blood when pulled from the water, Seven News reported.
Related stories…
The family was reportedly on an Easter holiday.
RECENT SHARK ATTACKS IN WA
June 5, 2016: Doreen Collyer, 60, died while diving a kilometre out from Mindarie Marina between One and Three Mile reefs
June 4, 2016: Ben Gerring, 29, was killed after having their leg severed by a great white shark at Falcon Beach, in Mandurah.
December 29, 2014: Jay Muscat, 17, is killed by a great white while spearfishing at Cheynes Beach near Albany, WA.
October 2, 2014: Sean Pollard, 23, loses both hands after a shark attack at Wylie Bay Beach, near Esperance, WA. They later shared their story with 60 Minutes, recounting the attack in detail.
PerthNow reports there were two shark sightings in the area prior to Monday's attack. One medium-sized shark was spotted 150m off shore at Esperance and another was spotted 300m off Crazies Reef. It's believed the same shark was spotted twice.
This story originally appeared on News.com.au.
About The Author
I am a Web Blogger Working for my Latest Websites and share my work to others to help for getting Full Version Free Software without any difficulty :)
MEDFORD, N.J. — A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing their home for doomsday is donating all of their stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Joseph Badame lost their wife and was in the process of losing their Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Badame made a $100 donation, and then led the couple to the room where they stored all of their food and told them to take it all.
“I just can't put into words just how much food there was,” Victoria Martinez-Barber, 30, told the Washington Post . “It was enough to feed a town.”
Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months. They said the food, which included dried beans, rice, flour, sugar, pancake mixes and more, would have been thrown away otherwise.
“I've lost everything. My wife, my house, everything,” they told NJ.com . “The last thing I was going to lose is the food.”
Badame started preparing for the worst with their wife Phyliss in the 1970s. The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms, a bomb shelter and survival books. They estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project.
Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left them paralyzed.
Badame quit their job, took out a half-million loan on their house and spent their time caring for their wife. By the time their wife died in 2013, they were broke.
The bank foreclosed on their property, and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and their husband, Anthony Barber.
Badame said meeting the two gave them a new purpose in life.
“Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people,” they said. “That's wonderful.”
Tweet: Victor Lindelof reacts to Man Utd move
Manchester United new boy Victor Lindelof has tweeted for the first time since signing for the club yesterday evening.
The Sweden international, aged 22, addressed theirs considerably bolstered Twitter following this morning to react to their move to Old Trafford.
Ex-Benfica centre-back Lindelof wished their followers a good morning, declared themselves so happy at having joined United and said they can't wait to get started at their new club.
Lindelof became United's first summer signing when their move was finalised on Wednesday night.
Why it matters to you You can now save and organize photos on Instagram for everything from inspirational photos to shots of food you want to try.
Pinterest isn't the only platform for creating a modern mood board. On Monday, Instagram launched private collections, a way to not just save but organize photos for easy access later.
The social media network launched the ability to privately save posts in December and the latest update brings a way to organize those posts instead of leaving them all in a single list. Organized collections are designed to make browsing saved posts a bit simpler. Instagram says 46 percent of users have saved at least one post since the feature launched late last year.
Now, when users save a post, they get a new option to create a collection or add to an existing collection using the same bookmark icon that allowed users to save posts to one big location. Posts can also be organized by navigating into the saved posts and tapping the plus icon in the upper right. Like earlier saved posts, the collections are accessible in “saved posts” tab that is accessible from each user's profile.
The ability to save and organize photographs to reference later draws a number of similarities with Pinterest. But while Pinterest serves as a more visual bookmark system for the entire web, Instagram's new feature is designed for saving only photos shared on the social media platform. While Pins can be either public or private, all saved posts on Instagram, including the new collections, are private. That means other users cannot see how many cat photos you saved, the photographs you admire or that you're starting a new list of restaurants to hit inspired by foodies you follow.
“Whether you want to plan your next day trip, revisit your favorite artists' illustrations or always have some animal videos on hand, collections can help you keep track of the posts you want to remember,” the announcement blog post reads.
The feature is rolling out now to both iOS and Android as part of Instagram version 10.16.
In Partnership with New Jersey CRDA, New Event to Showcase Open & Women's Divisions Airing Live from Atlantic City Country Club
Will Hogue Vying for Third Consecutive Victory in 2018 Alongside Current No. 1 Justin James; Women's Division Led by 2018 Winners Alexis Belton, Phillis Meti, Along with Five-Time World Champion Sandra Carlborg
VIDEO: Will Hogue Captures First Two Televised WLDA Events in 2018
The World Long Drive Association (WLDA) season continues next week with the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash. The inaugural event – in partnership with the New Jersey Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA) – will mark the third WLDA competition in six weeks showcased live on Golf Channel, with coverage airing from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5 from Atlantic City Country Club.
The eventwill feature a 36-man field competing in the Open Division based on World Long Drive rankings, led by current No. 1 competitor in the world, Justin James (Jacksonville, Fla.) and Will Hogue (Memphis, Tenn.), who will be vying for their third consecutive victory following wins earlier this year at the Clash in the Canyon and Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun. The Women's Division includes 2018 winners-to-date Alexis Belton (Ruston, La., Clash in the Canyon) and Phillis Meti (Auckland, New Zealand, Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun) courtesy of their 380-yard blast in the final, along with five-time (and defending) world champion Sandra Carlborg (Alingsas, Sweden).
“We've reached the critical point of the season, and right now Will Hogue is on fire,” said Jonathan Coachman, play-by-play host for World Long Drive Association events on Golf Channel. “With how stiff the competition is, to have a chance to win a third straight event shows how in control of their golf swing they are to generate so much power. They have to be the favorite in Atlantic City.”
COVERAGE: Live coverage of the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash will air on Golf Channel from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5, with Golf Centralpreviewing the event from 5:30-6 p.m. ET. Encore showings of the competition are scheduled to air on Golf Channel immediately following the live telecast, from 8-10 p.m. and 10 p.m.-Midnight ET.
The production centering around live coverage of the competition will utilize six dedicated cameras, capturing all angles from the hitting platform and the landing grid, including a SuperMo camera as well as two craned-positioned cameras that will track the ball in flight once it leaves the competitor's clubface. New to 2018 is an overlaid graphic line on the grid, the “DXL Big Drive to Beat,” (similar to the “1st & 10 line” made popular in football) displaying the longest drive during a given match to signify the driving distance an opposing competitor will need to surpass to take the lead. The telecast also will feature a custom graphics package suited to the anomalous swing data typically generated by Long Drive competitors, tracking club speed, ball speed and apex in real-time via Trackman. Trackman technology also will provide viewers with a sense of ball flight, tracing the arc of each drive from the moment of impact.
Morning Drive and Golf Central also will prepare viewers for the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash through interviews and dedicated segments featuring competitors on-site in New Jersey.
OPEN DIVISION FIELD (in order of World Long Drive ranking): Justin James, Ryan Reisbeck, Will Hogue, Maurice Allen, Tim Burke, Trent Scruggs, Paul Howell, Ryan Steenberg, Mitch Grassing, Landon Gentry, Glenn Wilson Jr., Nick Kiefer, Kyle Berkshire, Justin Moose, Tommy Hug, Kevin Shook, Jason Eslinger, Steve Monroe, Eddie Fernandes, Jeremy Easterly, Dan McIntosh, Brady Torbitt, Jeff Gavin, Scott Kalamar, Spencer McDaniel, Jim Waldron, Stephen Kois, Josh Cassaday, Patrick Hopper, Jeff Flagg, Jeff Crittenden, Mitch Dobbyn, Mark Costello, Bryan Kelly, Wes Patterson and Ben Tuaone.
WOMEN'S DIVISION FIELD: Hollie Bartsch, Alexis Belton, Monica Borowicz, Sandra Carlborg, Mary Driscol, Chloe Garner, Erin Hess, Michelle Kinney, Ashley Lewis, Phillis Meti, Troy Mullins, Debbie Peever, Alex Phillips, Cory Ann Pond and Angela Zimmerman.
FORMAT: The Open Division preliminary rounds will consist of 36 men broken into four “pods” of nine competitors across four three-minute sets of eight balls each, with a points system being used to identify four from each pod advancing to the Round of 16. From there, five sets of eight balls will determine the eight competitors advancing to take part in the single elimination match play bracket during the live telecast on Golf Channel. The Women's Division will feature 16 competitors broken into two groups of eight taking part in four sets of eight balls. The top four point-earners from each pod will advance to the single-elimination match play competition beginning with the quarterfinals, with the winners moving on to the semifinals which will play out on Tuesday night's telecast.
BROADCAST TEAM: A new voice to World Long Drive, veteran sports broadcaster Jonathan Coachman will conduct play-by-play at each of the five WLDA televised events on Golf Channel in 2018.Art Sellinger – World Long Drive pioneer and two-time World champion (1986, '91) – will provide analysis, and Golf Channel's Jerry Foltz will offer reports from the teeing platform and conduct interviews with competitors in the field.
DIGITAL & SOCIAL MEDIA COVERAGE: Fans can stay up-to-date on all of the action surrounding the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash by following @GolfChannel and @WorldLongDrive on social media. Golf Channel social media host Alexandra O'Laughlin will be on-site contributing to the social conversation as the event unfolds, and, the telecast will integrate social media-generated content during live coverage on Tuesday, June 5 using the hashtag, #WorldLongDrive.
In addition to the latest video and highlights from on-site, WorldLongDrive.com will feature real-time scoring for the duration of the event, June 4-5. Golf Channel Digital also will feature content from the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash leading up to and immediately following the live telecast.
2018 WORLD LONG DRIVE ASSOCIATION SCHEDULE:
DATE EVENT LOCATION WINNER(S) / DEFENDING CHAMP March 15-17 East Coast Classic West Columbia, S.C. Justin Moose April 21-24 Clash in the Canyon (*Golf Channel*) Mesquite, Nev. Alexis Belton, Will Hogue May 11-15 Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun (*Golf Channel*) Maricopa, Ariz. Phillis Meti, Will Hogue June 4-5 Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash (*Golf Channel*) Atlantic City, N.J. (New Event) June 21-23 Bluff City Shootout Memphis, Tenn. Justin James July 6-8 Bash For Cash Port Rowan, Ont., Canada Justin James August 2-4 WinStar Midwest Slam Thackerville, Okla. Landon Gentry August 12-13 Tennessee Big Shots benefitting Niswonger Children's Hospital (*Golf Channel*) Kingsport, Tenn. (New Event) September 1-5 Volvik World Long Drive Championship (*Golf Channel*) Thackerville, Okla. Sandra Carlborg, Justin James
Showcasing the truly global nature of World Long Drive, several events will be staged in 2018 through officially sanctioned WLDA international partners, including stops in Germany, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom. Additionally, an all-encompassing international qualifier will be staged (late summer) featuring a minimum of four exemptions into the Open Division of the Volvik World Long Drive Championship in September.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Youngstown Mayor Tito Brown has appointed a director of the city's Parks and Recreation Department.
Dawn Turnage was named to the position. Them salary will be $56,947.
Turnage has worked as a housing advisor at Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority for the past three years and as a customer service leader for the City of Westerville's Parks and Recreation Department. They have a master's degree in Administrative Justice and Security as well as a bachelor's degree in criminal justice, according to a news release from the city.
Brown still has to name a finance director as well as other cabinet positions.
They and their transition team have reviewed applications for various positions from almost 90 applicants. The team invited more than 30 people to interview with multiple members of the team and recommended 15 people meet with the mayor.
The same process will be followed for the next round of applicants, according to the city.
Listen up Marvel fans!
Your favorite heroes are coming to town, and they'll all be at the Huntington Center.
It's all for "Marvel Universe Live", happening October 7 and 8 in the Glass City.
The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and Spider-Man join forces with Doctor Strange in a race against time to recover the Wand of Watoomb before it falls into Loki's hands.
The Huntington Center will be full of actions and thrills with this all-new, spectacular arena stunt show.
This is the first time Marvel Universe Live has ever come Toledo, let alone the Midwest.
Check the show out on October 7 at 11 a.m., 3 p.m. and 7 p.m., and on October 8 at 1 p.m. and 5 p.m.
Get your tickets here.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Researchers have found a genetic mutation that turns people into Martians — at least when it comes to sleep patterns.
People with the mutation tend to be night owls because it keeps them on a perpetual 24 ½ hour schedule — close to the Martian 24 hour, 39-minute day, researchers reported in the journal Cell.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Why do some of us stay up so late? 1:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
With their body clocks always running a little longer than everybody else's, it's like having perpetual jet lag, the researchers at the Rockefeller University report.
"Carriers of the mutation have longer days than the planet gives them, so they are essentially playing catch-up for their entire lives," said Alina Patke, who headed up the research effort.
Related: Night Owls Are More Likely to be Jerks
About 1.2 percent of people carry one or two copies of the mutation, so it doesn't explain why so many people are night owls. But it's one of many knowns to change the body's internal clock, the so-called circadian rhythm.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FDA Approves At-Home DNA Tests for 10 Diseases 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's one of several causes of delayed sleep phase disorder (DSPD).
"It's as if these people have perpetual jet lag, moving eastward every day," said Michael Young, who oversaw the study. "In the morning, they're not ready for the next day to arrive."
“ It's as if these people have perpetual jet lag, moving eastward every day.”
The mutation is in a gene called CRY1 and when people have it, every cell in their body runs on the wrong time. They can end up being night owls but often, the effects are much more disruptive, Patke said.
"For some, it causes a fragmented sleep. They actually went to bed rather early. They only slept for about two hours. Then they took long naps throughout the day."
Related: Cancer Hijacks Cells' Internal Clocks
Circadian rhythm affects more than just sleep patterns. The people with the mutation also have disrupted cycles of body temperature, and Patke's team wants to study other effects — such as the risks of various diseases.
The team found six Turkish families affected by the mutation. It didn't matter whether people had one or two copies of the mutated gene, it affected circadian cycles in the same way.
Patke described the case of one 46-year-old American volunteer who stayed in their team's sleep clinic for three weeks to be studied.
“ Them internal clock is one closer to one from another planet.”
They stayed in a studio apartment with no outside cues about time — no windows, no clocks, no television or internet access.
"They didn't know what time of day it was," Patke said. "The idea was to see what they lived like when they were just controlled by their own clock."
Related: Here's Why Coffee Keeps You Up at Night
The volunteers, including the woman, didn't sleep eight hours straight. Instead, they slept in fits and starts, although the normal sleep brain wave rhythms were typical, with the usual transitions into and out of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep.
Left to their own natural devices, they had a 24 ½ hour daily schedule.
"Her internal clock is one closer to one from another planet," Patke said.
That might help some people who want to work at NASA, Patke joked. "I remember reading that for people who control This Mars rovers at JPL (NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory), they have to work on a Mars sol (day) cycle. The rovers are only active when the sun shines on Mars," they said.
NASA may even want to recruit people with the mutation to eventually travel to Mars, so they'd be less prone to the jet lag that will almost certainly affect Mars visitors.
Related: Teens Need to Sleep In
"Somebody who has that mutation might be well suited as a volunteer but there may be more factors that go into that," Patke said.
Patke is themselves a night owl and tested themselves for the genetic mutation. They don't have it.
Other genetic mutations almost certainly underlie tendencies to be morning larks or night owls. And there are ways to cope.
"An external cycle and good sleep hygiene can help force a slow-running clock to accommodate a 24-hour day," Patke said. "We just have to work harder at it."
Warren Gatland believes Johnny Sexton has their "mojo" back and can now fight for selection for the British and Irish Lions' first Test against New Zealand.
Gatland and the Lions continue to remain coy over the chances of Sexton and Owen Farrell forming a playmaking duo at out-half and inside centre for the first Test on June 24.
Ben Te'o will take the 12 shirt for Saturday's Maori All Blacks clash in Rotorua (8.35am, live on RTÉ Radio and live blog on rte.ie) with Sexton starting at 10.
Sexton and Farrell joined forces to fine effect in the 12-3 win over the Crusaders after Jonathan Davies' head injury, but the combination will not be back on display this weekend after Farrell withdrew from hte bench with a thigh injury.
"Johnny needs more rugby and we're building on that," said Gatland of Sexton.
"He was really good off the bench against the Crusaders the other day and the combination of 10 and 12 was pretty seamless.
"He was just down a little on confidence but he's got a bit of their mojo back, and we wanted to give them a start against the Maori."
Sexton arrived on tour in New Zealand with just three Leinster appearances since January under their belt, owing to a string of niggling problems.
The gritty out-half struggled in the disjointed tour-opening 13-7 win over the Provincial Barbarians - but hit back to something approaching top form against the Crusaders.
Sexton replaced Davies midway through the first half in Christchurch and looked immediately at ease with Farrell outside them at 12.
Gatland believes that run-out has settled Leinster star Sexton back into their natural rhythm and the Lions boss admitted they may pair up with Farrell again at some point in Rotorua.
Having named Farrell on the bench, Gatland insisted the Lions are still trying to keep the All Blacks guessing, but any hope of seeing the Sexton-Farrell axis once more disappeared when the Saracens playmaker was ruled out with quadriceps strain.
Wales star Leigh Halfpenny will start at full-back on Saturday in prime position to nail down the 15 shirt for the Test opening.
But Gatland has challenged the Toulon flyer to hit their attacking best in order to force their way into the Test line-up.
"It's an opportunity as well for them to show what experience they have got," said Gatland.
"His counter-attacking and scoring tries has improved significantly, that's kind of what we need from a 15.
"We know how strong they are defensively, but it's the attacking threat we're looking for them to add to us on Saturday."
A police officer in Georgia found a stun gun disguised as a package of cigarettes during a traffic stop.
News outlets report that the driver repeatedly requested to smoke while the officer was speaking to him, but they were not allowed to get their cigarettes during the stop. The Kennesaw Police Department posted a video to Facebook on Monday showing the recovered stun gun and reminding the public that requests to retrieve items during a traffic stop will be denied.
The department has not released further details, including the identity of the driver or if any charges were filed.
(CNN) -- We enrolled our daughter in hospice when they were 4, the age when most kids start preschool.
Julianna had a severe form of CMT, a neuromuscular disease, and the "best" (meaning the most aggressive) medical therapy wasn't working.
We could have continued on this aggressive path, but the treatments would get riskier, and there was no guarantee they would help them live longer.
Still, when we started hospice, I felt defeated. We were taking our little girl home to die. And this is, of course, what happened in the end.
What I could not have imagined is that hospice would give us 18 beautiful months and that they would the happiest of my life.
Deciding to start hospice
To get to the point of contemplating hospice for your child, a parent has to say "enough." Such a moment defies the most basic parental instinct that your child must live at any cost.
Hospice means that you have watched your child suffer -- a lot -- and that you have stood beside them, wishing desperately that it could be you instead of them in that hospital bed. It means that you have fought, with desperation and ferocity, but come up short.
By the time you are considering hospice, you have already endured a thousand smaller deaths: your hopes, your dreams, your understanding of the world -- it's all died.
And yet my child was still there. They were in an impossibly fragile body, and it would one day fail. I was terrified of that day, but I knew that doing more would not necessarily mean them living longer. And even if it did, I was afraid of the cost to them -- because they were the one who had to bear it, and they had already done enough.
So my husband and I made an impossible decision and changed the terms of the battle. The disease would take our child's life, but we would fight like hell to make that life beautiful for as long as we were allowed.
Focusing on Julianna, not the disease
People tend to think that hospice means giving up. It's anything but.
The actual routine of caring for Julianna didn't change much when we entered hospice. Our house functioned as a mini hospital, and we worked around the clock to keep them oxygenated and nourished.
The difference was in our focus. Before, the goal was to obliterate their disease; in hospice, it was comfort and joy.
For Julianna, that meant tea parties and princess paraphernalia. We thought harder about the treatments and the toll they took on Julianna's weakening body. Did they really need 10 minutes of chest percussion twice a day? Would eight minutes do?
A few months after starting hospice, we decided to stop using their oxygen monitor at night, because it was irritating their skin. That first night, we felt strange and vulnerable. Soon, though, there was a shift. Instead of studying the glowing numbers of the machine attached to my child's body, I studied their beautiful face as they slept. The time wasted worrying about oxygen saturation was spent instead on far more important things: memorizing the perfect curl of their eyelashes, holding their hand, watching them breathe.
Six months into hospice, I wrote in a blog entry: "If there is such a thing as thriving in hospice, we are witnessing it. Though their body continues to get weaker, Julianna's mind and spirit are bright, sharp and lovely. Last year was a desperate campaign against their disease, but now we are in sort of truce. No hospitals, no emergencies. Just blessed, sweet time with our Julianna."
Life doesn't give many do-overs. Hospice gave me a chance to reset things to their proper order, something that had gotten lost in our highly medicalized life.
Preparing for the end
After I got pregnant, I had almost a year to prepare for Julianna's arrival. I chose a doctor and decided what type of birth I wanted. I read books about what to expect and consulted with friends. People gave gifts, and I felt supported.
Where are the books and resources and friends who tell you how exactly to prepare for your child to leave this world? We needed infinitely more help with this, but we felt utterly alone. We didn't start getting the support we needed until we entered hospice.
The nurses and counselors of hospice guided us, gently and with great expertise. They refilled our medications and took in our fears. They answered the questions I couldn't ask anyone else: What would the end look like? Would we be able to keep Julianna comfortable? How would we get through this?
One year ago today, the thing I feared most came to pass. And I have the answers to those questions now.
It hurt more than I could have imagined. But they were comfortable.
Love was at the core of every decision we made in hospice, and love is what sustains us now.
Dangote exports 211kt cement to 3 African countries in Q1 – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Maze Alpha is a smartphone you have likely never heard of, but it brings together technology you normally have to spend $600 or more to get, into a sub-$225 device. That's right, like the Samsung Galaxy S8, LG G6, or Xiaomi Mi Mix, it has a massive, almost edge-to-edge screen for a futuristic look that's achingly cool right now, at a price that's shockingly good value. Throw in a dual-lens camera and it ticks all the must-have boxes for a smartphone this year.
A budget Mi Mix
At first glance, the Maze Alpha looks almost identical to the Xiaomi Mi Mix; but get closer and there are several differences, all of which enable Maze to charge a lot less for the Alpha. What do you miss out on? There's no piezoelectric speaker behind the screen, the display is smaller, the bezels slightly larger, and the base section much deeper. The fingerprint sensor is on the front too — it's not made of ceramic, and doesn't have any 18k gold finishing touches either.
Andy Boxall/Digital Trends Andy Boxall/Digital Trends
Andy Boxall/Digital Trends Andy Boxall/Digital Trends
The great thing is, not all of these features detract from the Maze Alpha, and none turn it into a bad phone. There is a real speaker above the screen, but it's so tiny you have to look for it. The Maze Alpha's glass and metal combination also has more grip than Xiaomi's phone.
You need it. This is a big phone. The Alpha is even larger than an iPhone 7 Plus, and is slab-like in shape, therefore you need to hang on tight unless you want it clattering on the floor. The front fingerprint sensor should be on the back though, as it's awkward to use with one hand in its current position. It's sometimes slow to respond, and we often needed a couple of tries before it unlocked the phone. The low price means corners have certainly been cut. Still, the overall construction of the Alpha is excellent. There are no sharp edges, no poorly-fitted panels, and the whole phone feels very high quality.
It ticks all the must-have boxes for a smartphone this year.
The screen is the reason to buy the Maze Alpha. It's 6-inches with a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution, and covered in a 2.5D piece of curved Gorilla Glass 4, resulting in an 83 percent screen-to-body ratio. It looks fantastic, with strong colors, high contrast, and plenty of brightness. Even with the brightness set halfway, it's easily visible in sunlight. Video looks superb, and when played through YouTube, they fit the screen well. It's an immersive viewing experience, which is unlike most other phones, particularly at this price. It's the same browsing the web, where more information is visible at one time, resulting in fewer swipes.
Android 7.0 Nougat is installed and our review model it had the August 2017 Android security patch already. Maze has left Android almost completely alone, but has opted to remove the app drawer. The icons used aren't always the most up to date, leaving the user interface looking a little messy. Otherwise, it operates smoothly and without fuss, and is free of bloatware. There are some annoyances, such as swiping up the Android software keys only for them to readjust the screen size rather than overlaying the display, and pressing a button to make them disappear instead of swiping them away.
Speedy and good battery life, poor camera
A MediaTek Helio P25 processor with 4GB of RAM powers the phone, with a large 4,000mAh battery to keep it going. Standby time is exceptional, and the phone happily lasted for a couple of days without a recharge. It has a USB Type-C connector and fast-charging, although it still takes a good while to top up a cell that big. Performance is good. The Alpha played simple games like Happy Hop without a problem, and Reckless Racing 3 with the graphics turned up was free of jitter. The Maze Alpha is a good gaming phone due to the large screen too.
Sadly, the camera lets the Maze Alpha down. The dual-camera setup features a 13-megapixel main camera and a secondary 5-megapixel lens — it doesn't replicate the Portrait Mode effect on the iPhone, but instead it's used for increasing quality and contrast, a monochrome mode, plus a 2x optical zoom. In the right conditions it takes pleasant photos, but it's never outstanding. The f/2.2 aperture makes low-light and overcast day shots a real challenge. The Maze Alpha's camera is what we'd expect a phone costing this amount to be like, but that's not really a good thing.
The app has modes for monochrome shots, video, and a Pro mode, plus a comprehensive editing suite. To use the selfie camera, you have to spin the phone round, as it's under the screen, unless you like pictures of your neck. It's worth mentioning Maze has pushed at least one software update to our phone since we've been using it, and that did improve the camera performance and responsiveness. We hope it continues to refine the camera more.
We like the Maze Alpha. Phones priced at around $200 tend to all look the same, and while the Maze Alpha looks a lot like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, at least it doesn't look like the iPhone. The screen's a beauty, the battery lasts ages, and the performance is strong. The camera is just acceptable, and can't match more expensive devices for low light shots. The major downside is the lack of 4G LTE support in the U.S. We tested the Maze Alpha in the U.K., and it connected to O2's 4G network without a problem.
Maze Alpha 4G Compared To
It's an import phone, so don't go looking for it at Best Buy. Chinese electronics specialist GearBest sells the Maze Alpha for $225 at the time of writing, and has good after sales support and warranties. It's available elsewhere too, and if you're lucky it can be found for under $190. If you're prepared to go without super fast data, and only have a few hundred dollars to spend on a phone, the Maze Alpha stands out from the crowd. It certainly won't get mistaken it for many other phones when you put it down on a table.
MOSCOW — Congratulations poured in from around the world as Russian President Vladimir Putin celebrated their landslide election win on Monday. But one group was notably silent: some of the heads of the West's leading democracies.
With 99.84 percent of the votes counted by Monday morning, Putin won with a resounding 76.6 percent — nearly 65 percentage points ahead of their closest rival, the Communist Party's Pavel Grudinin, and bettering their own result from 2012 by 13 percentage points.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, an ally of the Russian government, sent a congratulatory message to Putin, and added that the current China-Russia partnership is "at the best level in history," according to the official Xinhua News Agency.
Vladimir Putin meets with co-chairs of their campaign office at the Kremlin in Moscow on Monday. Yuri Kadobnov / Pool via Reuters
The leaders of Azerbaijan, Belarus, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova and Saudi Arabia all congratulated Putin, as did the leaders of Bolivia, Cuba and Venezuela.
Meanwhile, the reaction from Western countries that have been questioning the policies and actions of Putin's government on many fronts has been decidedly muted.
A German government spokesperson said Chancellor Angela Merkel would congratulate Putin soon, adding that while Berlin has differences of opinion with Moscow, it's important to keep up contact.
There was no immediate reaction from the United States. The U.S. took a tougher tone on Russia last week, issuing long-awaited sanctions against Russian "cyber actors" for interference in the 2016 U.S. election.
French President Emmanuel Macron did speak with Putin by telephoneon Monday, wishing Russia and its people "success with the modernization of the country on the political, democratic, economic and social fronts."
“ I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged and that breeds unity”
But a spokesperson for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that the U.K. will comment on the outcome of the election when it has seen an assessment by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's election observation mission. The OSCE has already released a report suggesting the election was well administered, although characterized by restrictions on fundamental freedoms and a lack of genuine competition.
Russia's diplomatic relationship with the United Kingdom turned particularly sour just days before the election in light of the poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter in England.
In an intensifying spat between the two countries, Russia expelled 23 British diplomats on Saturday in a retaliatory measure after Britain accused the Kremlin of responsibility for the poisoning and kicked out 23 Russian diplomats last week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Vladimir Putin wins fourth presidency in a landslide 0:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
May said last week that they had spoken to President Donald Trump, Merkel and Macron, who all agreed to "cooperate closely" in response to the killing and to "stand up for the rules-based international order which Russia seeks to undermine."
Putin denied Russia was behind the attack during a post-election news conference Sunday night, calling the incident "a tragedy."
"Any sensible person understands that it's a complete fantasy, rubbish, nonsense, that someone in Russia might do something like this on the eve of the presidential elections and the World Cup," Putin said.
This frostiness from the West didn't dent restaurant worker Victor Trakhin's enthusiasm for Putin, however.
"I am with Putin. Seventy-six is not enough — It's 100 percent for me," Trakhin said, a Moscow resident.
They say they find the muted reaction from the West expected.
"They are afraid. What else can they say? They are not happy Russia is someone to contend with," they said.
Newspapers show Vladimir Putin after their reelection at a newsstand in Moscow on Monday. Kirill Kudryavtsev / AFP - Getty Images
Retiree Stanislav Maslov, 79, disagreed, and said they wished relations with the West were better.
"I also want normalized relations with the rest of the world," said Maslov, who added that they had voted for Grudinin and that they thought Putin's share of the vote would be significantly lower.
With six more years of Putin's rule, Maslov said they wanted the president to pay more attention to the economy and internal affairs.
Some mused about how the Skirpal poisoning affected the results of the election.
Anastasia Esupova, 24, a creative director and St. Petersburg native, called the case "just another provocation," but thinks the diplomatic dispute it caused may have played in Putin's favor.
"A lot of our citizens want to see a strong, military image," Esupova said. "I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged, and that breeds unity."
From within, however, Russian news outlets offered different perspectives on Putin's victory.
One popular Russian newspaper, Komsomolskaya Pravda, released a transcript of a radio interview with Dmitry Abzalov of the Center for Strategic Communications, who said an astonishing number of voters turned out for Putin. “This election was like a referendum, in that the most focus was on one candidate: Putin. And there is a danger here, because the results may cause disappointment,” they said.
A Pravda columnist wrote that Russian citizens find comfort in Putin, which is why they vote for them again and again. In a similar vein, the editor-in-chief of the Russian magazine Historian said in an op-ed in Izvestia that Russians believe that Putin will bring their country success.
Alla Yurievna Perfilova — a singer whose stage name is Valeriya — wrote an op-ed in Izvestia saying they trust Putin because they get things done. “Our resources allow us to not depend on anyone," they wrote. "We Russians have a lot of land and a lot of minerals. We have everything that allows us to live a high-quality life. And the responsibility that comes with maintaining this enormous country is a big responsibility, and Putin has been doing it for years."
Yuliya Talmazan reported from Moscow, and Yelena Dzhanova from New York.
LINCOLN–(NU Athletic Communications)–Nebraska fans can secure their tickets for the Red-White Spring Game presented by First National Bank beginning next week. The spring game will be played on Saturday, April 21 at Memorial Stadium, with kickoff set for 11 a.m., marking the public debut of Head Coach Scott Frost's 2018 Huskers.
Tickets will be available to the general public on Wednesday, Feb. 7 at 10 a.m. Nebraska football season ticket holders will have the first opportunity to purchase spring game tickets with a 24-hour exclusive window beginning on Tuesday, Feb. 6 at 10 a.m. In addition, individuals who are on the 2018 Season Ticket Request list can purchase spring game tickets beginning at 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday.
The first opportunity to purchase spring game tickets is one of the many benefits offered to season ticket holders. Nebraska fans may purchase tickets on-line at Huskers.com, by phone at 1-800-8-BIG RED or in person at the Nebraska Athletics Development and Ticketing office, located in the Stadium Drive Parking Garage (8 a.m.-5 p.m. weekdays).
All individuals entering Memorial Stadium for the spring game will need a ticket. The majority of tickets are $10 and all seats are reserved. A limited number of $20 club seats will be available on a first-come, first-served basis.
Fans are encouraged to purchase their tickets early as demand for the spring game is expected to be at an all-time high. For each of the past several years, more than 20,000 tickets were sold on the first day of sales, and Nebraska has drawn more than 54,000 fans for every Red-White game since 2004.
Nebraska will again conduct the Drug Free Pledge at this year's game, and for the third year youth taking the pledge will do so from their seats. Youth eighth grade or younger taking the Drug Free Pledge will be admitted for free, but must secure a complimentary ticket.
UNL students will be admitted for free, but must secure a ticket for admittance. UNL faculty and staff can purchase a reserved ticket for $5 with a staff ID.
SASKATOON — RCMP in Saskatoon say a man faces kidnapping charges after a woman and infant were abducted in a rural municipality near the city.
Mounties say someone reported seeing a vehicle on Tuesday night in the RM of Corman Park with a woman in the back seat screaming for someone to call the police.
The caller was able to provide a description of the vehicle and driver, as well as to advise what direction they were heading.
Officers from several surrounding RCMP detachments as well as from the Corman Park Police Service began a search.
At the same time, the Saskatoon Police Service received a call from a woman saying they were in the back seat of a vehicle with their infant and that their lives were in danger.
About 30 minutes later, Mounties made a high-risk arrest.
Neither the accused nor the woman and child were injured.
A 27-year-old man from Saskatoon is facing several charges, including kidnapping, forcible confinement and uttering threats.
RCMP are not identifying the man to protect the identities of the woman and baby.
From putting a giant umbrella in space to zapping clouds with lasers, scientists have come up with some pretty audacious plans to ease global warming and its consequences.
Now researchers at Arizona State University are floating a plan to save the thinning Arctic ice cap with help from a vast armada of wind-powered water pumps positioned across Earth's northernmost reaches.
The pumps — each connected to a hose and a windmill, with the whole apparatus fixed to a buoy to stay afloat — would suck up frigid seawater and spread it on the ice during the long Arctic winter. The scientists say that would help protect existing sea ice and speed the formation of new ice.
This diagram shows how the Arctic seawater pump might work.
Pumping 1.4 meters of seawater onto a given area of the frigid surface would yield an additional 1 meter of ice in a single winter, the scientists say in a paper published recently in the journal Earth's Future. To build a sufficient quantity of ice over roughly 10 percent of the Arctic (the minimum area required to yield a significant benefit), 10 million of the pumps would be needed.
Building, deploying, and running them all would cost an estimated $50 billion per year.
That's an awful lot of pumps — and money. But the scientists behind the plan say it makes sense even while acknowledging that it sounds a bit wacky.
“Maybe trying to make more ice in the Arctic using windmills and pumps and hoses is a crazy idea,” Dr. Steven Desch, an astrophysicist in ASU's School of Earth and Space Exploration and the paper's first author, said in a written statement. “But what's really crazy is doing nothing while the Arctic melts.”
Whether or not the plan is feasible, the loss of Arctic sea ice is a serious matter. Ice reflects about 80 percent of sunlight, whereas the ocean absorbs 90 percent. Less sea ice means the planet's reflectivity (what scientists call albedo) declines and our planet absorbs more heat from the sun. And as the Arctic thaws, the permafrost melts. As it does, it releases the greenhouse gas methane, which traps more heat in the atmosphere.
What's really crazy is doing nothing while the Arctic melts.
Sea ice thickness in the central Arctic Ocean declined by 65 percent between 1975 and 2012 and continues on a downward trend, according to a new report from the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program. As the ice cap thins, it's also shrinking in area. NASA says the Arctic's sea ice maximum extent has decreased by an average of 2.8 percent per decade since 1979.
To protect the polar ice and rein in climate change, scientists and politicians have stressed the importance of reducing carbon emissions. But Desch told NBC News MACH in an email that it's “too late to save the Arctic sea ice without direct intervention” like they and their colleagues envision.
What do others make of the plan? Desch said they received positive feedback from members of the public but also skepticism from some experts.
Related: NASA Flyover Reveals Arctic Ice in Retreat
One climate scientist with doubts is Dr. Mark Serreze, a professor of geography at the University of Colorado, Boulder, and director of the National Snow & Ice Data Center.
In an email to MACH, they called the new research “a serious effort” but added that “the issue, of course, is whether society has the will to do this in the massive scale that would be required — the Arctic Ocean is a pretty big place. My own view, however, is that unless we deal with the root cause of Arctic sea ice loss — namely, global warming — this just amounts to a Band-Aid fix.”
Desch isn't calling for the plan to be implemented right away. But they said the research would continue. The next steps will be to build and test a prototype and to initiate a public dialog to address some key questions about setting up all those floating pumps. These include whether it would be ethical to intervene in the Arctic on such an enormous scale — and whether it would be ethical not to intervene.
No matter what, Desch told The Guardian, “We cannot keep on just telling people, ‘Stop driving your car, or it's the end of the world.' We have to give them alternative options.”
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Chimamanda Adichie's “upset” over Hillary Clinton's “wife” bio sets twitter on fire
Nigerian writer, Chimamanda Adichie is in the news again for their feminist views for being `upset' by former US Presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton's usage of `wife' on their Twitter bio. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Adichie, who is a renowned feminist fighting for the equality of male and female genders, asked the question […]
The post Chimamanda Adichie's “upset” over Hillary Clinton's “wife” bio sets twitter on fire appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By SAMI MOKBEL and DOMINIC KING | Daily Mail |
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has submitted a medical certificate to a German court to ensure they are not fined £900 if they make their Arsenal debut against Everton on Saturday.
The 28-year-old, at £56 million the most expensive signing in Arsenal's history, was due to give evidence last Monday regarding the terrorist attack on the Borussia Dortmund team bus last April, but skipped the court date claiming they were too ill to attend.
They would have faced a £900 fine by the court if they played, given it is only five days since they were due to appear. But the Gabon striker has submitted a medical certificate clearing him.
Manager Arsene Wenger, meanwhile, says Arsenal's potent strikeforce means they will continue to play on the front foot.
Manchester United flop Henrikh Mkhitaryan arrived just before Aubameyang at the Emirates as Wenger tries to solve a shortage of goals.
It was the failure to strengthen Arsenal's defence, though, that again left Wenger facing questions. They wanted to sign Jonny Evans from West Bromwich but a £12m offer was dismissed.
Arsenal did recruit Konstantinos Mavropanos from Greek side PAS Giannina, but the 20-year-old is viewed as a player for the future.
They have conceded 34 goals in the Premier League — more than any other side in the top six.
Ikeja Customs intercepts 384 parcels of Indian hemp from Ghana
The Federal Operations Units (FOU) Zone ‘A' of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) said in Lagos on Wednesday that it has intercepted 384 parcels of Indian hemp concealed in six bales of second hand clothing smuggled into the country from Ghana. The FOU, which intercepted the illicit consignment along Iyana-Ipaja road in Alimosho area of…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Ikeja Customs intercepts 384 parcels of Indian hemp from Ghana appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — As Alabama's high-profile Senate race heads toward a Tuesday vote, supporters and opponents of GOP candidate Roy Moore are bending the truth — or shattering it to pieces — in the campaign's final stretch.
One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Another erroneously reported that a Moore accuser “forged” their yearbook inscription to them On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to assert, erroneously, that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
——–
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's accuser arrested and charged with falsification
THE FACTS: A story published by a satire site called NoFakeNewsOnline and many others reported that Alabama Attorney General John Simmons filed misdemeanour charges of falsification against Mary Lynne Davies for accusing Moore of assaulting them John Simmons is not the state's attorney general, Steve Marshall is; and Mary Lynne Davies is not among the eight women who have publicly accused Moore of misconduct. Alabama's online court system has no record of charges against someone by that name. The story was published just as Moore accuser Beverly Nelson acknowledged adding two notations to a yearbook inscription they say Moore wrote to them in 1977.
———-
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's Lying Accuser Admits They Didn't Ever Touch Them
THE FACTS: None of the women who accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct, including two women who said Moore molested them, have backed off their initial claims. This fake headline is from a website, Reagan Was Right, which promotes hoaxes and satire. The woman featured in a photograph accompanying the story shows a British reality TV star, not any of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct.
———-
NOT REAL: Moore Co-Authored Textbook that Said Women Can't Hold Public Office
THE FACTS: Moore is in fact a co-author of a “textbook” which serves as a study guide for a series of Bible-based video and audio lectures on U.S. law and public policy. The course packaging also identifies them as a “featured speaker.” Despite claims spread on the web this week, however, Moore did not author the specific section or deliver the lecture that argues that women should not hold elected office. That talk was given by William Einwechter, an elder at Immanuel Free Reformed Church in Pennsylvania. Moore's office says they do not believe that women are unqualified for public office.
———-
NOT REAL: BREAKING: ROY MOORE ACCUSER ADMITS They FORGED PART OF YEARBOOK INSCRIPTION!!!
THE FACTS: Moore supporters celebrated misleading news that Beverly Nelson, one of their accusers, admitted forging a 1977 yearbook inscription that was considered key evidence against the Alabama Republican. The inscription reads, “To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, ‘Merry Christmas.”‘ It is followed by the signature “Roy Moore D.A.” and the notation “12-22-77 Olde Hickory House.” Nelson's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Friday that Nelson had added the date and restaurant name to the inscription. However, Allred also said that a handwriting expert found Moore's signature in the yearbook to be authentic.
——
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
——
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
——
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
TORONTO — Rose McGowan has cancelled the rest of their book tour for their new memoir “Brave.”
A publicist for HarperCollins Canada Ltd., issued the news on Friday.
McGowan was scheduled to visit Toronto on Monday to promote the book as well as their new E network docuseries “Citizen Rose.”
HarperCollins said that's now been “cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances” and that they “has cancelled the duration of their book tour.”
The memoir from the artist, activist and former actor details their sexual assault allegation against fallen producer Harvey Weinstein.
Weinstein issued a statement Wednesday that quoted an alleged email from McGowan's former manager, saying that the actor had spoken of a consensual encounter with him.
Weinstein is accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct.
McGowan also issued a statement Wednesday saying that their remarks were part of an ongoing effort to “smear” them
— With files from The Associated Press
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Morning Blitz with Al Galdi is a fast-moving, high-energy show that covers everything you need to begin your day. Redskins, Nationals, Wizards, Capitals, Terps, Hoyas, Orioles…Galdi covers them all in addition to hitting on the national sports stories that matter to you. Galdi is a DMV-lifer, a huge proponent of analytics and a big fan of old-school hip-hop. They also host The Official Redskins Postgame Show after every Redskins game and Chin Music with Al Galdi on Saturdays from 9am-10am. Tweet him: @AlGaldi
South Florida was drenched with rain caused by the subtropical storm moving up the Gulf of Mexico. Alberto, the first named storm of the 2018 storm season, is expected to strengthen as it churns north over the eastern Gulf of Mexico.
Markets have been raising some red flags this week that analysts say could result in increased volatility and possibly a stock market pullback in the near term.
Driven by worries about North Korea, Syria, and the French election, investors have been loading up on safe haven plays and lightening up on risk.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This Is What Dropping 'The Mother of All Bombs' Looks Like 0:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the big concerns of the week has been the fact that a North Korean missile launch is speculated to come this weekend to commemorate its Day of the Sun, a holiday honoring the birth of its founder, Kim Il Sung. The launch was expected to be in the middle of a three-day Easter holiday weekend, and traders have been hedging ahead of it. Adding to the nervousness, the U.S. dropped the largest ever non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan during market hours Thursday, and U.S. officials are planning a possible pre-emptive strike.
The stock market is still up sharply, with the S&P 500 having risen more than 9 percent since Election Day. But both the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones closed below their 50-day moving averages (the average of the last 50 days of closing prices) on Wednesday, a technical threshold they last closed under right around Election Day.
Unpredictability Feeds Volatility
"The unpredictability of geopolitics is making it so hard. It's causing people to say maybe I'll shoot first and ask questions later," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA.
"I think depending on the severity of it, we have a pullback or a correction but because of the economic indicators I'm looking at, I'm not worried a recession is around the corner, and as a result, I don't think we're heading for a bear market," Stovall said.
Aaron Kohli, rate strategist at BMO, said the market is definitely trading on fears about North Korea and other geopolitical events, but the big change in market attitude was in March, when Republicans failed to pass a new health-care bill. That legislation was seen as a necessary step ahead of tax reform, and markets now see both as in limbo.
"It's been about reading the tea leaves of the health-care failure, and it's been slowly taking back some of the inflation and growth expectations," said Kohli. "It's been the crescendo with these [geopolitical] headlines, or tape bombs."
Stronger Dollar, Weaker Dollar
Worries about North Korea and Syria come at the same time global investors are already on edge about the potential for the National Front candidate Marine Le Pen to win the French presidential election. While not expected, a victory by Le Pen could lead to France leaving the euro zone. The first round vote is April 23, and the second round is May 7.
The fact that geopolitical tensions have been running high has clearly filtered through to markets. Stocks cut some losses towards the end of the week, and the dollar strengthened after Russia and the U.S. showed a willingness to work on their relationship and some thorny issues like Syria and North Korea.
Shortly after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson held a news briefing with their Russian counterpart on Wednesday, President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal they believe the dollar was too strong and that they like low interest rates. That sent the greenback reeling, and it remained under pressure for the rest of the week.
Biafra: Forget Secession, Nigeria Cannot Break Up – Amaechi Declares
The Minister of Transport, Rotimi Amaechi, yesterday insisted that Nigeria's Break Up cannot be possible” .Amaechi claimed not many Nigerians knew that the nation was heading towards another civil war in 2015, had the election results of that year been tampered with.
The former Governor of Rivers State made these statements at the maiden edition of the CKN News annual lecture in Lagos.
They argued that the country cannot break up.
“The removal of President Jonathan was a bigger threat than Biafra. Nigeria was inching towards the civil war. So, forget the talk about secession; Nigeria cannot break up,” Amaechi said.
Speaking on the topic: “The Role of The Social Media in the Socio-economic and Political Development of Nigeria”, they noted that whilst the social media was generating huge funds on the one hand, it was also misinforming members of the public.
Amaechi added: “They misinform the public. They have no rules except for the few that are credible and it is because those rose from the traditional media. Social media can destroy this country. It is good for society and its polity and it is also very bad.”
The post Biafra: Forget Secession, Nigeria Cannot Break Up – Amaechi Declares appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Here are five takeaways from Redskins wide receiver Jamison Crowder ‘s conference call with reporters on Monday, April 17, 2017, at the Inova Sports Performance Center at Redskins Park in Loudoun County, Va.
1. Crowder is prepared for whatever may be thrown their way in their third NFL season.
With the departures of 1,000-yard wide receivers Pierre Garçon and DeSean Jackson last month, Crowder enters 2017 as the Redskins' most productive returner.
In a breakout second season for the 23-year-old, they caught 67 passes for 847 yards and a team-high seven touchdown catches along with 328 punt return yards and a touchdown.
Crowder could be in line for a bigger role in 2017 as the familiar face in receiving corps that features two new free agent signings and a second-year player that appeared in just two games during their rookie season.
“I'm just trying to make sure that I do what I can to be as much prepared for whatever situation the coaches put me in,” Crowder said. “I'm just going to roll with the flow and make sure I do what I have to do. If my role does increase, then I'm prepared for that. If it stays the same, then I'm prepared for that as well. We just have to see when the season gets here.”
Even with Garçon and Jackson no longer members of the Redskins, Crowder is confident that the passing game will remain explosive this season.
Terrelle Pryor Sr. is coming off a 1,000-yard season – their first full season as a wide receiver – and Josh Doctson was a first-round pick last year for a reason.
“You look at Pryor coming from [the] Cleveland [Browns]; they put up some big numbers last year with the Browns,” Crowder said. “Doctson, everybody is anxious to see what Doctson is going to bring to the table. I have faith in them that they will be a huge weapon for us. Obviously with [Jordan] Reed and Vernon Davis , those guys had really good years last year and J-Reed is J-Reed. I feel like the offense can still be explosive if not more than it was last year.”
2. The private workout session in Florida with Jon Gruden gave Crowder and the rest of the Redskins present an opportunity to build chemistry and break down film.
In late March, quarterbacks Kirk Cousins and Nate Sudfeld along with Crowder and fellow wide receivers Josh Doctson and Terrelle Pryor Sr. participated in a three-day private workout session with former NFL head coach Jon Gruden.
Not only did the Redskins go through some throwing sessions, but Gruden sat down with them for two to three hours at a time to review film.
“He made cut-ups of each individual player that was down there from the season,” Crowder said. “Like I said… we talked about some things that we could possibly incorporate into our offense, just so we can take advantage of things we see on the field. It was a good experience.”
The session marked the first time Crowder and Pryor met after the latter signed with Washington on March 10.
Crowder said the time in Florida served as an icebreaker for Pryor and their new teammates.
“With our downtime there were a few nights we went out to eat and sat around and talked to get to know each other,” Crowder said. “I feel that it was important as the icebreaker, just to introduce myself and so everybody can get to know Terrelle. We know that the chemistry is only going to grow as the season goes on and as OTAs progress because we will be around each other all the time so it's only going to grow. I feel that the Florida trip was a good start and a good way to introduce ourselves to him.”
3. Even with the changes at wide receiver, Jordan Reed is still the man that the passing game runs through.
Yes, it will take time for Cousins to work up their rapport with Pryor and Doctson, but there's one other player outside of Crowder that already has a strong connection with the starting quarterback.
That player, of course, is Reed – a 2016 Pro Bowler and one of the best tight ends in the NFL today.
Despite missing six games over the last two seasons, Reed has amassed 153 receptions for 1,638 yards and 17 touchdowns ever since Cousins was named the starter prior to the 2015 season opener.
Reed was also among the players in Florida last month, and Crowder noted that they “looked in shape.”
Having a healthy Reed will continue to create mismatches for opposing defenses and will free up the smaller Crowder as teams try to continue the Pro Bowl tight end.
“He's listed as a tight end but he's more of a receiver-type guy as far as their route running and the way that they catch the football and the way that they can make plays after the catch,” Crowder said. “I mean, like I said, I look forward to playing alongside with J-Reed [and] just being one of the guys that just plays off of them because everybody knows that he's going to make plays and he's going to help out the offense as much as possible.”
4. Crowder has learned how to pace themselves during the offseason months.
it was this time two years ago that Crowder was putting the final touches on their draft stock, having already completed Senior Bowl Week, the NFL Combine and predraft visits.
Crowder wasn't the most touted wide receiver in the Class of 2015, evident by their selection in the fourth round, meaning the Duke product continuously pushed themselves throughout the months when veterans have some downtime.
During the NFL Combine, for example, Crowder ran a 4.56-second 40-yard dash and recorded a 115-inch broad jump.
Now in their second full offseason as an NFL player, Crowder uses the offseason to pace themselves before getting back into the flow with the team program.
“When I first was going into the draft and everything, that was the longest offseason just because I was prepping for draft and Combine and Senior Bowl, stuff like that, but since last year I've learned that you have to find that time to let your body rest and let your body heal after the season, you know, because the season is so long and it's such a grind,” Crowder said. “So you have to kind of pace yourself and find the times when you want to get back into training and knowing what to train on and on or just kind of tempo it, you know, just so you can kind of stay in shape and get ready for things like OTAs and things like that.
“So I've kind of learned the ropes or what I feel is best for my body as far as making sure that I'm prepared physically to be able to come back and be in shape ready to perform.”
5. After a few months away, the OTA program gives the players a chance to work together once again towards their season-long goals.
Monday was the first time that a majority of the players were at team headquarters since the Monday following the 2016 regular season finale against the New York Giants.
Over the next two weeks, Phase 1 workouts will take place in the weight room. This phase is strictly for strength and conditioning activities.
That is followed by three weeks of Phase 2 workouts where the players return to the field with the coaching staff.
“It's exciting to come back and see your teammates and get that feeling that football is right around the corner even though it is still a while away,” Crowder said. “When OTAs start everything starts to move fast so it's exciting.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Donald Trump Casts Doubt Over Russian Hacking 0:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 35 Russian diplomats whom the Obama administration ordered out of the country in retaliation for alleged hacking of the U.S. presidential election have left the country, a State Department official told NBC News on Sunday.
The diplomats' families went with them, said the official, who said any other details would have to come from Moscow. Russian news agencies quoted Russia's embassy as confirming the news, Reuters reported.
Related: U.S. Unveils Plan to Punish Russians for Election Hack
President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of the diplomats on Thursday and imposed sanctions on two suspected hackers and three companies that allegedly provided support to cyber operations by Russia's GRU intelligence service.
Related: The Spy Next Door: What Went On in Russia's Shuttered U.S. Compounds?
The CIA has concluded that the interference was intended to help Donald Trump win the election, and NBC News has reported that intelligence officials believe "with a high level of confidence" that Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally involved in the covert campaign.
Putin condemned U.S. sanctions on Friday but overruled their own foreign minister and said they would decline to retaliate by expelling U.S. diplomats.
Scientists ID Tiny Prehistoric Sea Worm with 50 Head Spines
Long before dinosaurs roamed the Earth, a bizarre creature with a Venus flytrap-like head swam the seas. Scientists have uncovered fossils of a tiny faceless prehistoric sea worm with 50 spines jutting out of its head. When some unsuspecting critter came too close, its jaw-like spines snapped together and dinner was served.
The discovery reported in Thursday's journal Current Biology offers a glimpse into the Cambrian explosion of life on Earth about 541 million years ago.
The new creature dubbed Capinatator praetermissus is so different that scientists said the fossils represent not only a new species, but a new genus -- a larger grouping of life -- as well.
It was only 4 inches long and its spines were about one-third of an inch long. It feasted on smaller plankton and shrimp-like creatures.
It is an ancestor of a group of marine arrow worms called chaetognatha that are abundant in the world's oceans. The prehistoric version was larger and with far more spines in its facial armory but without the specialized teeth of its descendants, said Derek Briggs of Yale University who led a team that discovered the trove of fossils in two national parks in British Columbia, Canada.
"The spines are like miniature hooks, although more gently curved. They were stiff rather than flexible," Briggs said in an email. "It's hard to say why there are so many spines in the fossil example -- but presumably thus armed it was a successful predator."
Capinatator -- whose name translates to grasping swimmer -- lived 500 million years ago at a time when creatures started getting bigger and more diverse. It's difficult to find complete fossils belonging to the chaetognatha family because they decayed easily, said Briggs. This latest find, however, was so good that even soft tissue was saved, giving scientists a good idea about what Capinatator looked like.
The discovery expands scientists' knowledge of a "pretty enigmatic" group of animals from the Cambrian era, said Smithsonian paleobiologist Doug Erwin, who had no role in the research.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Yale Research; Drawing by Marianne Collins. Copyright Royal Ontario Museum.
Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Fossil, Biology, Discovery, Prehistoric, Dinosaurs
Google released augmented reality doodling app Just a Line back in March. The neat (if frivolous) app lets you draw shapes in the air that realistically float in place as you move around them, looking through your phone's display. Now, two users are able to share one doodling space across separate devices — even if one is an Android phone and the other is an iPhone.
The update was teased at Google I/O this year and made possible on Android by ARCore v1.2, along with what Google calls Cloud Anchors. The drawings from both devices are continuously synced to and accessed from a shared Firebase Realtime Database, allowing the same interactive image to be viewed across screens.
Apparently, this makes Just a Line the world's first cross-platform collaborative augmented reality app — which, considering what a nascent and specific niche that is, is certainly believable. Sharing AR experiences, especially more complex ones, seems like it could be a lot of fun. You can snag the newest version of Just a Line from APK Mirror; it'll work on any ARCore-enabled device.
WASHINGTON — A spokesperson says Democratic Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland is being treated at a Washington hospital for pneumonia but is expected to recover quickly.
Spokeswoman Katie Grant said Wednesday in an emailed statement that the member of congress was being treated with antibiotics and resting after being admitted to The George Washington University Hospital a day earlier.
Grant says the 79-year-old Hoyer was diagnosed with pneumococcal pneumonia.
They say Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, looks forward to being back at work “very soon.”
PROGRAMMING ALERT
Monday, April 17
Ducks at Flames available LIVE on FSSD Alternate Channels
Padres at Braves available LIVE on FOX Sports San Diego
FOX Sports San Diego's live coverage of Monday's Stanley Cup Playoff game between the Anaheim Ducks and Calgary Flames will be available to viewers on the network's various alternate channels, as well as FOX Sports GO. Coverage begins at 6:30 PM PST with Ducks Live.
FOX SPORTS SAN DIEGO ALTERNATE CHANNELS
AT&T U-verse: 691, 1691 (HD)
DIRECTV: Channel 694-1 (SD and HD)
Dish: 445, 9515 (HD), 412-33 (Hopper)
Cox Cable: N/A – Viewers can watch on FOX Sports GO
Spectrum: N/A – Viewers can watch on FOX Sports GO
FOX Sports San Diego's live coverage of the San Diego Padres vs. Atlanta Braves game will remain on FSSD's regular channels beginning at 4:30 PM PST.
FOX SPORTS SAN DIEGO
AT&T U-verse: Channels 776 and 1776 (HD)
Cox Cable: Channels 56 and 1056 (HD)
DIRECTV: Channels 694 and 694-1 (HD)
Dish: Channel 408
Spectrum: 322
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Chance, the Vegas Golden Knights mascot, arrives in a Batmobile prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans wait to get in for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights fans cheer outside T-Mobile Arena prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights (all times local):
7:40 p.m.
The Washington Capitals are clinging to a 3-2 lead against the Vegas Golden Knights late in the third period in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.
Vegas had a two-man advantage for 1:09 early in the third, but couldn't get the puck past Braden Holtby.
The Golden Knights were outshooting the Capitals 10-2 in the final period of regulation only to be denied time and time again by Holtby.
Washington and Vegas combined to score at least two goals in each period of the opener and in the first and second periods of Game 2.
Vegas leads the series 1-0. After Wednesday night, the series shifts to Washington for Games 3 and 4.
___
7:05 p.m.
The Washington Capitals are 20 minutes away from evening the Stanley Cup Final at one game apiece.
The Capitals have a 3-2 lead against the Vegas Golden Knights after two periods of Game 2.
Lars Eller pulled the Capitals into a 1-1 tie late in the first period and they assisted as Alex Ovechkin and Brooks Orpik gave them a two-goal cushion that lasted for 8-plus minutes. Shea Theodore feathered a fluttering puck through traffic and past Braden Holtby late in the second period, bringing Vegas within a goal.
Washington's Jakub Vrana almost restored the two-score lead late in the second period, but hit the right post much to the delight of Vegas goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury.
Holtby went into the third period with 22 saves and Fleury had stopped 17 shots through two periods.
The series shifts to Washington for Games 3 and 4.
___
6:45 p.m.
The Washington Capitals have earned a rare cushion in the Stanley Cup Final.
Brooks Orpik scored midway through the second period, giving Washington a 3-1 lead over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2.
It marked the first two-goal lead either team had other than the Golden Knights' empty-net goal in the closing seconds of their 6-4 victory in Game 1.
___
6:35 p.m.
Alex Ovechkin has scored their first Stanley Cup Final goal, taking advantage of a power play to give Washington its first lead of Game 2.
Ovechkin one-timed a shot from the bottom of the left circle after Lars Eller's cross-crease pass to put the Capitals up 2-1 against Vegas. Eller scored a game-tying goal late in the first period.
Ovechkin was in the spotlight more than usual after a relatively quiet performance in the series-opening loss in which they had only one assist. The 13-season veteran might need to step up even more because Evgeny Kuznetsov is questionable to return because of an upper-body injury.
Kuznetsov, the leading scorer in the playoffs, walked off the ice late in the first period after appearing to hurt their left wrist in a check by Brayden McNabb along the boards.
___
6:05 p.m.
The Washington Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights are tied at 1-1 after the first period of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final.
James Neal revved up the home crowd, opening the scoring with a wrist shot past Braden Holtby just 7:58 into the game.
Just as the Capitals did during the series opener, they answered. Lars Eller slapped a shot into an open net late in the first period after missing an opportunity to score late in the Game 1 loss that included a record four lead changes.
Eller scored shortly after the Capitals generated chance at least temporarily making up for the loss of Evgeny Kuznetsov. The leading scorer in the playoffs left the game after getting checked and appearing to hurt their left wrist. Vegas' Brayden McNabb hit the leading scorer in the playoffs as they had the puck along the boards late in the first period.
Three-time Stanley Cup champion Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 11 shots for the Golden Knights.
Holtby withstood a flurry of shots in the opening minutes and finished the first period with nine saves.
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs. The Capitals also fell behind in every round this postseason and rallied to win.
___
5:35 p.m.
The Vegas Golden Knights lit the lamp first, scoring midway through the opening period of Game 2 just as they did in the Stanley Cup Final opener.
James Neal got behind Washington's defense and sent a wrist shot from the left circle past Braden Holtby 7:58 into the game.
Vegas also took a 1-0 lead in Game 1, striking first when Colin Miller scored 7:15 into a game the Golden Knights ended up winning 6-4.
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs.
It was 98 degrees at game time in Las Vegas.
___
5:25 p.m.
Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is under way in Las Vegas.
Imagine Dragons kicked up the pregame festivities a notch, playing its hit "Whatever It Takes," following the Vegas Golden Knights' elaborate show that precedes each game.
The Washington Capitals trail Vegas 1-0 but are used to playing from behind. Washington fell behind in each of the first three rounds and rallied to win.
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight. They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6.
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals, but then lost three straight, forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance.
If the Capitals end up winning the Final, they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series.
___
4:20 p.m.
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert.
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town. Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends.
The Golden Knights' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold.
___
2:15 p.m.
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
St. Peter Claver Catholic School was on a brief lockdown Friday morning after what sounded like gunshots was reported outside a kindergarten classroom. Liz Fabian lfabian@macon.com
DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan — Pakistani intelligence officials say a suspected U.S. drone strike killed a militant commander and their associate near the Afghan border.
Two intelligence officials say the drone targeted the commander, Qari Abdullah Dawar, as they were walking with their associate near their mountain hideout in the Tor Tangai area of North Waziristan on Wednesday.
North Waziristan has long been a sanctuary for Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups. Pakistan's military says it has eradicated most militant safe havens in operations there.
They say the slain militants were from the Gul Bahadur group, which has carried out attacks inside Afghanistan. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Pakistani Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah was killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan last month.
Share
A recent Skip Ahead build of Windows 10 served up to Windows Insider participants, version 17650, ships with a new variant called Windows 10 Lean (or CloudE). The x64-based installer for this specific variant is reportedly 2GB smaller in size than Windows 10 Pro and packs a slightly different restricted environment than Microsoft's recent stab at the education sector with Windows 10 S. It also appears to have a small, limited number of pre-installed first-party apps after installation including Edge, OneDrive, and OneNote.
With Windows 10 Lean, specific tools are reportedly missing such as the registry editor and the Microsoft Management Console, but the platform doesn't appear to restrict app and program installs to the Microsoft Store like Windows 10 S. Instead, Microsoft provides a “lite” operating system for the general user stuffed with the basic essentials to get you started. Microsoft doesn't even plaster the desktop background with wallpaper.
With Windows 10 S, Microsoft provides a full installation of Windows 10 Pro, but introduces an “S Mode” as a new layer that disables software installation outside the Microsoft Store. It's also tweaked to run on low-end hardware so the platform and its associated PCs can better compete with Chromebooks in the education sector. Rather than labeling the platform as Windows 10 Pro in S Mode, the company simply shortened the name to Windows 10 S.
But there's speculation that Windows 10 Lean could merely be an “S Mode” for the Enterprise or Home version of Windows 10. Given the additional “CloudE” listing associated with this “lean” build, we can't help but speculate that it's Windows 10 Enterprise in S Mode. After all, employees have no business tweaking the PC's registry hence the tool's removal.
Microsoft's Joe Belfiore said in March that S Mode will be offered for Windows 10 Home and Windows 10 Enterprise in the next update “coming soon.”  They are referring to the Spring Creators Update launching in May, aka Redstone 4, which will see the demise of Microsoft's Windows 10 S brand. Instead, customers can purchase a Windows 10 Pro, Home, or Enterprise device with S Mode already enabled.
“If a customer does want to switch out of S Mode, they will be able to do so at no charge, regardless of edition,” they said. “We expect to see new Windows 10 devices ship with S Mode, available from our partners in the coming months.”
Hands-on experiences with Windows 10 Lean reveal that the platform doesn't include drivers for optical drives. It also doesn't provide download prompts in Microsoft Edge, thus you can't download files “out of the box.” Even more, Microsoft's traditional Office installer won't install the software for unknown reasons.
“With Microsoft's great tradition of meaningful error reporting, the installer just plays the error sound without displaying any additional dialog whatsoever,” says the user who originally revealed Windows 10 Lean on Twitter.
We will likely find out more about Windows 10 Lean during Microsoft's BUILD developers conference in May. Belfiore will be one of the speakers talking about the Windows platform and will possibly spill the Windows 10 Lean beans if CEO Satya Nadella didn't already in their initial keynote.
Feb 2, 2018
Over the next year, the Bitcoin price could double, soar tenfold, or collapse by 95% or more, and no economic analysis can help predict where in that range it will lie. Like other cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin serves no useful economic purpose, though in macroeconomic terms, such currencies probably also do little harm.
LONDON – In December, as the Bitcoin price neared $20,000, a friend asked me whether they should invest. I said that I hadn't the faintest idea. Today, with the price below half that, my reply remains the same.
The Year Ahead 2018 The world's leading thinkers and policymakers examine what's come apart in the past year, and anticipate what will define the year ahead. Order now
Over the next year, the Bitcoin price could double, soar tenfold, or collapse by 95% or more, and no economic analysis can help predict where in that range it will lie. Its value is arbitrarily determined by the collective psychology of the mass of investors; it goes where, on average, they think it will. Like other cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin serves no useful economic purpose, though in macroeconomic terms, such currencies probably also do little harm.
In a modern economy, money has a well-defined real value because governments accept it as payment of taxes and issue debts in defined monetary amounts, and because central banks ensure that total monetary creation, by either the state or the private banking system, grows at a pace compatible with relatively low and stable inflation. In some sense, money is an arbitrary social construct; but its value and ability to serve crucial economic functions are rooted in the authority and institutions of the currency-issuing state.
At any time, however, groups of individuals can choose to believe that some commodity – a specific type of seashell, or gold, or tulips – will be a far better store of value than money, and that its value in money terms is bound to rise. What matters is simply that the supply of the chosen commodity cannot be rapidly and limitlessly increased. Provided that is the case, the price can be whatever speculators believe. In early 1636, a pound of “switsers” (a particular category of tulip bulb) traded in Dutch markets for 60 guilders; by mid-February 1637, the price was 1,500 guilders. In the subsequent crash, some bulb prices fell 99%.
Unlike gold or tulips, whose supply is fixed in the short term and constrained by nature in the medium term, immaterial Bitcoin could in principle be created in infinite quantities. In fact, the currency's supply is limited by clever software algorithms, supported by huge quantities of computing power, which have enabled Bitcoin's creators to achieve a previously impossible trinity: decentralized “mining,” collectively limited aggregate supply, and anonymity.
In theory, the latter could allow Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies to be not only an arbitrary store of value, but also an anonymous medium of exchange for large-value transactions, just like suitcases full of high-denomination dollar bills, with no mark identifying the owner, but now in digital form. But, as Kenneth Rogoff has argued, anonymous large-denomination notes play no useful role in legitimate commerce. They are, however, the favored medium of exchange for drug lords, tax avoiders, terrorists, and other criminals. But if, as Rogoff argues, there is therefore a good case for eliminating them, the last thing the world needs is to recreate the same problem in digital form.
FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images Post-Davos Depression Feb 1, 2018 is appalled by the behavior of the CEOs who attended the World Economic Forum's flagship meeting last week. Chesnot/Getty Images The Bitcoin Threat Feb 2, 2018 thinks cryptocurrencies, like their predecessors, will be a key factor driving political destabilization. YURI KOCHETKOV/AFP/Getty Images The Point of Sharp Power Feb 1, 2018 says the term “soft power” fails to capture how authoritarian regimes are exercising global influence. Previous Next
South Korea has therefore banned the anonymous trading of cryptocurrencies, and other regulators around the world are considering whether to do the same. The best case for going further and banning cryptocurrencies entirely is actually environmental. Estimates of how much electricity Bitcoin mining requires vary widely – some put it as high as 30 terawatt hours per year (equivalent to Morocco's entire electricity demand), while others suggest it's a sixth of that. But whatever the true quantity, the related carbon dioxide emissions are adding to global warming, in return for no social benefit.
At the same time, fears that speculative bubbles in cryptocurrencies could drive macroeconomic instability appear overstated. As Charles Kindelberger showed in their classic historical survey Manias, Panics, and Crashes, speculative bubbles and subsequent crashes sometimes lead to post-crash depressions. But not always: whereas the Wall Street boom of the 1920s ended in the Great Depression, the tulip bubble of the 1630s seems to have had little impact on the Netherlands' medium-term growth path.
What matters is the scale of the boom, and whether it is financed with debt. Booms and busts in individual equity stocks or specific commodities typically have little macro-level effect: and even huge swings in entire equity-market sectors – such as the NASDAQ boom and bust of 1998-2002 – may have only a mild adverse impact on overall economic growth. By contrast, property booms and busts have historically been the most dangerous, because the total value of real estate wealth usually dwarfs equity values, and because real-estate booms are often debt-financed.
Regulators should therefore keep a careful eye on any credit-financed cryptocurrency speculation. But with total cryptocurrency values still equal to just a minute fraction of global real-estate wealth, the overall risk remains slight. Some individual investors will certainly lose their shirts, but the impact on economic growth will most likely be close to nil.
The wider social challenge, however, is to channel human ingenuity into welfare-boosting innovation rather than zero-sum gambling activities. The distributed-ledger technology underpinning cryptocurrencies can be used to reduce transaction costs and eliminate risks across multiple financial and trading activities. That would be worth doing.
As for whether you should invest in Bitcoin, I cannot say. Personally, I would rather buy a lottery ticket.
LUCKNOW, India — Parents of at least 35 children who have died in a hospital in northern India over the past three days say the fatalities were due to the lack of oxygen supply in the children's ward.
District Magistrate Rajiv Rautela said Saturday that the deaths of the children being treated for different ailments at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur city in Uttar Pradesh state were due to natural causes. They denied that a lack of oxygen led to their deaths.
Parents said that the oxygen supply to the ward ran out Thursday night and that patients' families were given self-inflating bags to help the children breathe.
Relatives mourn the death of a child at Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur, in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday. AP
"That's the time when the death of the children peaked," said Mritunjaya Singh, whose 7-month-old son was admitted to the hospital and was not among the dead.
The Uttar Pradesh government has ordered an investigation.
Prashant Trivedi, the state's top health official, acknowledged that there was a problem in the pipeline supplying oxygen.
"But the situation was managed through oxygen cylinders," Trivedi said. "The hospital administration has enough supply of cylinders in its stock. So the report about death of children because of oxygen issue is false."
The parents said the company that supplies oxygen to the hospital had earlier threatened to stop oxygen distribution unless the government paid its long-overdue bills.
Rautela said that the hospital owed 6.8 million rupees ($106,000) to the company, but added that it had adequate numbers of oxygen cylinders.
The federal health ministry sent a team of specialists to the hospital to verify what caused the fatalities at the facility, which provides health care to a vast swath of Uttar Pradesh and neighboring Bihar state.
Meanwhile, opposition leaders took to social media to blame Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state, for its neglect and indifference to people's health.
Map shows location of Gorakhpur, India. Google Maps
Opposition Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi tweeted: "Deeply pained. My thoughts are with the families of the victims. BJP govt. is responsible & should punish the negligent who caused this tragedy."
Some of the children had been treated for encephalitis, a disease that preys on the young and malnourished and is rampant in the state during the monsoon season, which runs from June till September.
The hospital, which has become a major center for children with encephalitis, has treated nearly 370 cases in the last two months. Of these, 129 children died, said Satish Chandra, a hospital spokesperson.
Gorakhpur is located 185 miles southeast of the state capital, Lucknow.
Parents of at least 35 children who have died in a hospital in northern India over the past three days have alleged that the fatalities were due to the lack of oxygen supply in the children's ward.
District Magistrate Rajiv Rautela said Saturday that the deaths of the children being treated for different ailments at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur city in Uttar Pradesh state were due to natural causes. They denied that a lack of oxygen led to their deaths.
Parents said that the oxygen supply to the ward ran out Thursday night and that patients' families were given self-inflating bags to help the children breathe.
"That's the time when the death of the children peaked," said Mritunjaya Singh, whose 7-month-old son was admitted to the hospital and was not among the dead.
The Uttar Pradesh government has ordered an investigation.
Children undergo treatment at the Baba Raghav Das Hospital in Gorakhpur, India, on Friday. STRINGER / EPA
Prashant Trivedi, the state's top health official, acknowledged that there was a problem in the pipeline supplying oxygen.
"But the situation was managed through oxygen cylinders," Trivedi said. "The hospital administration has enough supply of cylinders in its stock. So the report about death of children because of oxygen issue is false."
The parents said the company that supplies oxygen to the hospital had earlier threatened to stop oxygen distribution unless the government paid its long-overdue bills.
Rautela said that the hospital owed 6.8 million rupees ($106,000) to the company, but added that it had adequate numbers of oxygen cylinders.
The federal health ministry sent a team of specialists to the hospital to verify what caused the fatalities at the facility, which provides health care to a vast swath of Uttar Pradesh and neighboring Bihar state.
Meanwhile, opposition leaders took to social media to blame Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state, for its neglect and indifference to people's health.
Opposition Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi tweeted: "Deeply pained. My thoughts are with the families of the victims. BJP govt. is responsible & should punish the negligent who caused this tragedy."
Some of the children had been treated for encephalitis, a disease that preys on the young and malnourished and is rampant in the state during the monsoon season, which runs from June till September.
The hospital, which has become a major center for children with encephalitis, has treated nearly 370 cases in the last two months. Of these, 129 children died, said Satish Chandra, a hospital spokesperson.
Gorakhpur is located 185 miles southeast of the state capital, Lucknow.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
Advertisements
Romelu Lukaku hit the ground running with two goals as Manchester United made a flying start to their Premier League campaign by thrashing West Ham.
United's £75million record signing struck in each half at Old Trafford to set United on the way to a convincing 4-0 win which was wrapped up in the latter stages by Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba.
After also netting against Real Madrid in the Super Cup last week, Lukaku has begun the season full of confidence and a poor West Ham side certainly had little answer.
"To play in front of such a crowd and for such a great club, it's a dream come true," Lukaku told Sky Sports.
Lukaku finished off a slick move to open the scoring with a powerful finish after 33 minutes and doubled the lead with a header early in the second half.
The Hammers, who were already being outplayed, could not respond and United spurned several more chances before finally adding two more goals in the last three minutes.
Lukaku was denied a hat-trick by a fine block by Pablo Zabaleta and fired another chance over.
Yet while it was former Everton striker Lukaku who grabbed most of the headlines, the platform for victory was laid by an outstanding performance from another new signing, Nemanja Matic.
The £40million midfielder controlled most of the game, leading United's defensive effort and prompting a lot of their attacks. They linked well with Pogba and the overall impression created by United was positive, justifying a lot of pre-season optimism.
"The team did a good job today, everybody was creative," Lukaku said. "The most important thing is the win."
So impressive was Matic's performance that those questioning the wisdom of champions Chelsea to sell have been given much more ammunition.
Manager Jose Mourinho admitted they were surprised their former club sanctioned the move.
They said: "I brought them to Stamford Bridge because I thought they were a player with special qualities and since I left I always thought they could be a perfect player for us.
"I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening and it looks like something special was happening because their agent told me, 'You can have him, you just have to pay'. We have them and we are very happy because they are a player this team needs."
Mourinho was also delighted with Lukaku's performance but claimed the 24-year-old was not under pressure to score goals.
They said: "Romelu knows me well. They knows sometimes strikers can play very well for the team without scoring goals. They know from me there is no pressure at all. But today they were good, very effective."
WASHINGTON — The White House ramped up its campaign against the press Monday, alleging that mistakes by reporters are the result of purposeful attempts to mislead the American public.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, in a heated exchange with reporters, called out news organizations for having to "retract and change and rewrite and make editors' notes to a number of different stories" in recent weeks and claiming that journalists only "sometimes" own up to mistakes in their stories.
Sanders said Monday that these aren't honest mistakes, as one reporter in the briefing room pointed out.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed WH: Trump and 'eyewitnesses' have denied 'false' sexual misconduct allegations 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people — something that happens regularly," they said during the back-and-forth that, at one point, required them to raise their voice over reporters to say, "I'm not done."
"You cannot say that it's an honest mistake when you're purposefully putting out information that you know to be false," Sanders said.
Asked to point to specific instances of intentionally false reporting, Sanders cited Brian Ross, an ABC News reporter who had to retract information they incorrectly reported earlier this month, as an example of bias and intent to malign the president, although there is no evidence that Ross purposefully misreported the Russia-related claim. Ross was suspended for four weeks, and ABC News issued a correction.
"The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process," ABC News said in a statement at the time. "As a result of our continued reporting over the next several hours ultimately we determined the information was wrong and we corrected the mistake on air and online."
The contentious interaction with the press comes after Trump sent several tweets over the weekend and on Monday rebuking reporting about their TV viewing habits, how big their crowds were during a recent rally in Florida, and the Russia investigation.
On Sunday, they called the media "a stain on America." They have previously referred to news outlets, including NBC, as "the enemy of the American People."
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for their “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
Sanders was asked about the president's recent tweets attacking a Washington Post reporter for tweeting, then deleting, an inaccurate picture of the crowd size at the Florida rally. The reporter apologized and explained their mistake on Twitter.
Sanders said the president was "simply calling out a very direct and false accusation lodged against him."
"There was nothing more than an individual trying to put their bias into their reporting, and something that frankly has gotten a little bit out of control," they said.
Fox News, which typically draws praise from the president for its coverage, also had its own recent issues with inaccurate reporting — though Sanders did not mention those. FoxNews.com had to revise a incorrect headline that incorrectly said one of Alabama Senate hopeful Roy Moore's accusers "admits" that they had "forged" a yearbook message from Moore, and add an editor's note to the bottom of the article explaining the changes.
Seven won total people, Nine won the main channels and all the networks did well in the demos, depending on how you define prime time. And the ABC managed to lead the night for a while from around 9pm.The top programs in the metros and nationally were all news and current affairs from 6 to 7.30pm on Seven and Nine.
While House Rules (1.16 million national viewers) had more viewers than Masterchef (1.12 million) overall, it was a very different story in the metros where Masterchef with 863,000 viewers thrashed House Rules on 714,000. Nine's double eps of Young Sheldon averaged 995,000 nationally across the hour from 7.30pm -- viewer numbers slumped by more than 20% for the really boring Britain's Got Talent that followed from 8.30pm. The ABC's Home Delivery (839,000, 8pm), Gruen (983,000, 8.30pm) and The Weekly (841,000 nationally 9.10pm) stood out by actually being entertaining.
Georgia's Haley Clark puts up a shot against Duke's Faith Suggs during the second round of the NCAA Touranment. Joshua L. Jones AP
GIRARD, Ohio (WYTV) – Girard defeated Brookfield 56-7 on Friday, powered by four Mark Waid touchdowns. The Indians improve to 7-0 with the win.
The Warriors took an early lead on Hayden Gibson's 3-yard TD run to cap a 15-play drive.
Girard QB Mark Waid then answered with a 2-yard TD run to tie the contest at 7.
Waid connected with Michael Belcik on a 10-yard TD pass, while Morgan Clardy followed with a 20-yard TD run for a 21-7 Girard lead.
To open the third quarter, Clardy returned the kickoff 68 yards for a TD.
Waid then added a 22-yard TD run and a 35-yard TD pass to Anthony Backus.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Brookfield football schedule | Girard football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
The Tina Fey-penned musical Mean Girls is scheduled to open on October 3 at the National Theatre in Washington DC.
Fey wrote the original 2004 movie and has been working on the show with their husband, composer Jeff Richmond, and Broadway's Legally Blonde lyricist Nell Benjamin, according to Hollywood Reporter.
Song titles include They Don't Even Go Here, You Can't Sit With Us and On Wednesdays We Wear Pink.
Fey recently revealed on a panel that they had time to work on the musical because their show Unbreakable Kimmy Shmidt's lead Ellie Kemper was pregnant.
The star of the original movie, Lindsay Lohan has revealed that they are so determined that there be a Mean girl sequel that they have written one herself.
They said that they have been "trying so hard" to get the ball rolling and wants to "keep forcing it and pushing it".
"I would love to have Jamie Lee Curtis, Jimmy Fallon in the movie," they said. "I've already written a treatment for it, I just need a response."
Tina Fey and Lindsay Lohan
easyseek does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles: 0 Seeds: 3441 Comments: 0 Since: Mar 2016
1:20 The United States of Powerball Pause
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
0:56 Baby needs a new home
1:47 Questions remain about death of 10-year-old boy on water slide
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
Congress urged to provide more oversight to MMA community
Muhammad Ali funeral: Thousands honor 'The Greatest' in Louisville
1:28
LONDON — The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
Treinen Farm Courtesy Treinen Farms In In Treinen Farm 's 15-acre corn maze, you could cover six miles just trying to get out. But the tricky puzzle isn't the most impressive thing about Wisconsin's largest maze—the artwork is. The 2017 “Cabinet of Curiosities” maze featured a 480-foot fossil design. For more seasonal fun, take one of these 11 best road trips for seeing fall foliage
Richardson Farm Courtesy RichardsonFarm.comThe Richardson Adventure Farm Corn Maze boasts that it's the largest, most intricate corn maze in the world. It's actually four small mazes that create one massive puzzle; pick just one or take the challenge of making your way through all four. There are no dead ends, so you might cross your own path one too many times. Check out these other 6 fun fall activities to try with your family.
Cornbelly's Courtesy Cornbelly's Cornbelly's has had more than 20 years to perfect the art of the corn maze, and it hasn't put its efforts to waste. In addition to its Cornbelly's has had more than 20 years to perfect the art of the corn maze, and it hasn't put its efforts to waste. In addition to its crazy intricate main corn maze —which has a different theme every year, from superheroes to politics to David Archuleta—the Utah attraction has a kiddie maze, haunted maze, and even a train ride through a “candy corn” maze. If you're into scary Halloween-time thrills, don't miss the spookiest haunted hay rides in America
Content continues below ad
Conner Prairie Courtesy Conner Prairie During the rest of the year, During the rest of the year, Conner Prairie in Indiana is dedicated to showing off a prairie town experience with everything from butter churning lessons to one-room schoolhouses. During the fall, though, it has a 300,000-square foot corn maze covering seven acres of land. Not into getting lost? You can also hop into a hot air balloon that soars more than 350 feet over the maze. Add a corn maze visit to these 28 other things you need on your fall bucket list
Happy Day Farm Courtesy Happy Day Farm You never know what you'll get from the annual You never know what you'll get from the annual Happy Day Farm corn maze in New Jersey; themes have included Curious George, football, and the Civil War. If you have trouble navigating, an “intelligent question master” is at your beck and call. Answer their questions correctly and you'll be rewarded with a directional hint. Don't miss these other budget-friendly fall activities for families
Long & Scott Farms Courtesy Long & Scott Farms Thought you missed the boat on an autumn corn maze? No worries— Thought you missed the boat on an autumn corn maze? No worries— Long & Scott Farms keeps its seven-acre Florida corn maze open all the way into December. Headed to a certain famous Florida theme park instead? Find out what Halloween is like at Disney parks
Content continues below ad
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
The solar eclipse that will sweep across the U.S. on August 21 will involve lots of firsts. It will be the first total solar eclipse since 1918 to cross the nation from coast to coast and the first such eclipse in 38 years to pass through any part of the lower 48.
This will also be the first time that high-altitude footage of a total solar eclipse will be streamed live. And that's because of a remarkable NASA-sponsored initiative that has teams from more than 50 universities and high schools from 30 states deploying a series of camera-equipped weather balloons from points stretching from Oregon to South Carolina.
If all goes according to plan, the helium-filled balloons will rise to roughly 100,000 feet — shooting video along the way and radioing it down to Earth. You'll be able to watch the action online here starting at 12:15 p.m. ET on August 21.
The video promises to be pretty spectacular.
At 100,000 feet it will be possible to see the curvature of Earth and the blackness of space, says Dr. Angela des Jardins, the Montana State University physicist who heads the Eclipse Ballooning Project. But the most awe-inspiring thing of all, they say, will be seeing the moon's shadow as it races across the face of our planet at a speed of roughly 1,500 miles per hour.
A Montana State University weather balloon captured this image from an altitude of about 75,000 feet. MSU
“On the ground, an eclipse just kinds of happens to you,” des Jardins told Science News. “It just gets dark. From the air, you can see it coming and going.”
For a sense of what to expect, have a look at this video of Australia's November 2012 solar eclipse recorded by a camera-carrying balloon at an altitude of more than 120,000 feet. (The video was not live-streamed.)
MSU students Carter McIver, from left, Katherine Lee, Darci Collins, and Keaton Harmon inflate high-altitude balloons for a test flight. MSU / Montana State University
The latex balloons used for the project are like the ones seen at birthday parties — only a lot bigger. Fully inflated at ground level, des Jardins says, they're about eight feet tall and about five feet wide. But as they rise and the air becomes thinner, the balloons expand dramatically until they pop.
At that point, each balloon's payload (which will include a tiny computer, radio transmitter, and GPS tracking gear as well as the camera and, in some cases, various scientific instruments like thermometers and barometers) will parachute back to Earth for recovery by the team that sent it up.
Des Jardins said it should take the balloons about 100 minutes to reach their maximum altitude and another 50 minutes or so to fall back to Earth after popping.
But the memory of the eclipse should last a bit longer. As one veteran eclipse watcher put it to NBC News MACH, “It's like you always remember your first kiss.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Why The August 21st Solar Eclipse Is Important For Americans 00:02:18
Michael Oliver To Referee FA Cup Final Between Manchester United And Chelsea
Michael Oliver will referee the FA Cup final between Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Football Association announced on Tuesday that the 33-year-old from Durham would take charge of the showpiece match at Wembley, which will kick off at 5.15pm on Saturday, May 19.
Michael Oliver was at the centre of controversy after their decision enabled Cristiano Ronaldo to put Madrid through to the semifinals 4-3 on aggregate.
The 33-year-old was heavily criticised by Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who was sent off in the aftermath of the penalty award. Buffon told reporters after the match that Oliver had “a garbage bin for a heart,” while threats and abuse directed toward them and their wife, also a referee, was “strongly condemned” by UEFA.
They will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, with Lee Mason as the fourth official. Neil Swarbrick will be the first video assistant referee (VAR) in FA Cup Final history.
Michael Oliver told the official FA website that the support they had received in the aftermath of the Champions League final had boosted him.
“It was a weird few days,” they said. “But it was nice that so many people, both within the game and outside the game, were keen to offer their support.
“It was quite humbling, actually, and it meant a lot. I had people coming up to me in the street and people from inside the game were sending me messages of support. It's a nice thing to know I've got that backing.”
They said they had been “very proud and humbled to receive the call” telling them they were taking charge of the cup final.
“As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target, but it's not a call you ever expect to take,” they said. “This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.”
Chairman of the FA Referees' Committee David Elleray backed Oliver to be able to handle what is expected to also be a lively encounter on the touchline between rival managers Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte.
“Over a number of years, Michael has shown that they have a wise and calm head on relative youthful shoulders and they are an excellent role model for young referees,” said Elleray, themselves the FA Cup final referee in 1994.
“Michael has shown that they are capable of controlling the most important matches in Europe, and in England, and we have every confidence that they and their team will enhance what promises to be an enthralling encounter.”
Both Manchester United and Chelsea will receive some 28,000 tickets for the final, which represents around 80 per cent of the seats available at the national stadium.
Ticket prices will range from £45 to £145 for adults, with concessions also available.
The FA confirmed Chelsea fans would occupy the east end of Wembley, with United in the west end, which has been “determined by the travel requirements of the majority of each club's supporters”.
The post Michael Oliver To Referee FA Cup Final Between Manchester United And Chelsea appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Israel's president has met with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras during a visit to Athens that will include a foundation stone-laying ceremony for a Holocaust museum.
Reuven Rivlin also met with their Greek counterpart, Procopis Pavlopoulos, in the capital on Monday.
On Tuesday, Rivlin and Tsipras will travel to the northern city of Thessaloniki for the museum ceremony.
Thessaloniki's 55,000-strong Jewish population was deported by Nazi forces during World War II and most of its members were murdered in German concentration camps.
Thessaloniki's new museum will be built next to the railway station where the city's Jews boarded the trains taking them to the camps.
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan
Old and expired cosmetics can harbor dangerous amounts of bacteria. A new one is a great holiday gift. Fotolia TNS
A Gold Alert has been issued for a missing Felton woman. Delaware State Police say 42 year old Samantha Kornrumpf was last seen at their home around 1:30 Monday morning. Troopers have not been able to contact them to check on their welfare and there is concern for their safety. Kornrumpf is 5' 10” and 150 pounds with grey hair and blue eyes. If you know where they are – contact Crime Stoppers
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Federal prosecutors sorting through materials seized from Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's personal attorney, said Wednesday they needed more time to piece together the contents of a shredder taken in an FBI raid.
At a court hearing in New York, prosecutors told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood that they'd turned over most of the materials seized during the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and Park Avenue hotel room to Cohen's legal team, with the exception of two BlackBerry devices and the shredded documents.
Prosecutors explained, however, that they would need two to three more weeks to finish reconstructing what was in the shredder, and that they were still trying to access the BlackBerrys.
Michael Cohen sits during a hearing in federal court in New York on May 30, 2018. Christine Cornell
Wood set a June 15 deadline on Wednesday for Cohen's lawyers to review everything the government had already provided before submitting attorney-client privilege claims to special master Barbara Jones, who was appointed by Wood to rule on what documents will qualify.
The FBI seized eight boxes of documents, four phones, one iPad and several hard drives and storage devices during the April raids, seeking information about a $130,000 payment Cohen made to porn star Stormy Daniels shortly before the 2016 election.
Jones, in a Tuesday court filing, said she'd reviewed more than 292,000 items from the raids so far and had already turned over portions of those materials to government investigators.
Jones said the seized materials had been divided into four groups: privileged materials, partially privileged materials, nonprivileged materials and highly personal materials. They described the "highly personal materials" category as containing "medical records or similar materials."
Jones said in the filing they are not reviewing all the materials that have come in. Unless Cohen, Trump or the Trump Organization mark the material as privileged or highly personal, they are releasing the material to the federal government as soon as it is available, they said in the filing.
So far, Jones said, 252 items were designated privileged by Cohen, Trump (through their attorneys) or the Trump Organization.
Wood said Wednesday that if the June 15 deadline was not met, they would send the remainder of the unreviewed materials to a separate team of prosecutors, known as a "taint team," who would then deem what is privileged and what isn't.
Todd Harrison, one of Cohen's lawyers, told the judge that their team was "moving heaven and earth" and working nearly around the clock to review the materials that the government has turned over.
According to Harrison, prosecutors have already turned over 3.7 million items to their legal team. Cohen's team, Harrison said, had reviewed 1.3 million of those items.
Styx has signed on for a headlining performance at the 2018 Rock and Romance Cruise. The cruise will leave from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida on March 3 and will include three days of music with some of rocks most beloved balladeers. “I am truly excited to bring Styx music to the '70s Rock & Romance fans,” guitarist James “JY” Young enthused in a press release. “We are planning on having a heckuva good time and everyone coming should plan on the same.” “It's very unique for us,” added America's Dewey Bunnell. “We tour a lot, play lots of venues around the world but a cruise ship is a singularly unique experience. We get to be here with our fans, see you on the various decks. It's great.” Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Jeff McLane, of the Philadelphia Inquirer, was kicked out of the press box by a member of the Eagles' media relations staff on Sunday, before Philadelphia would beat the Cowboys, 27-13.
Reporters, as is their wont, chronicled the incident, in which a disagreement with the Eagles staff boiled over into a chest-puffing ejection and threats for the rest of the media on hand.
Les Bowen, of the Philadelphia Daily News, explained that reporters were trying to suss out a call during the game, and an Eagles staffer told them to quiet down. The media members objected, McLane most of all.
Eagles ejected @Jeff_McLane from the press box. Check out @LesBowen's timeline for the story. pic.twitter.com/fij8p9mr9q — Brandon Lee Gowton (@BrandonGowton) January 1, 2017
The reported honcho flexing their authority is senior VP Anne Gordon, former managing editor/vice president of the Philadelphia Inquirer — where McLane works. They said they did not mind that these stories would be written.
After McLane was taken out of the press box, Eagles PR threatened the others, saying anyone who argued with the boot would be booted as well.
Click for more from the New York Post.
SpaceX is about to launch a few tons of research to the International Space Station — plus ice cream.
An unmanned Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to blast off at 12:31 p.m. Monday from Florida's Kennedy Space Center.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo. That includes 20 mice. The Dragon capsule is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time. There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream for the station's crew of six, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November.
As usual on these cargo flights, SpaceX will try to land its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral.
WICHITA, Kan. — Court records show a slain Kansas psychiatrist was stabbed about 165 times outside their clinic in Wichita last month.
The arrest affidavit for the suspect, 21-year-old Umar Dutt, was released Thursday. He's charged with first-degree murder in the Sept. 13 death of Achutha Reddy at their Holistic Psychiatry Services clinic.
The affidavit says a clinic employee reported hearing Reddy calling for help and then seeing Dutt stabbing the psychiatrist. The employee was able to briefly separate the two.
The affidavit says Reddy also suffered “blunt force trauma” and may have been run over by a vehicle.
Dutt was a patient of Reddy's. Investigators haven't released a possible motive.
Dutt is jailed on a $1 million bond. Their attorney tells The Wichita Eagle “more evidence will be coming to light.”
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect, who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, A...
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, Ap...
By MARK GILLISPIEAssociated Press
CLEVELAND (AP) - In a rambling video, Steve Stephens said, "I snapped, I just snapped." But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of themselves killing a Cleveland retiree, police were unable to explain what set them off.
"Only Steve knows that," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $50,000 reward for Stephens' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker.
In the video, Stephens blamed a former girlfriend they had lived with, saying they woke up last week and "couldn't take it anymore." But in a statement Monday, the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to them and their children.
As for the shooting victim, Godwin appeared to have been selected at random, gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of their children.
A manhunt that started in Cleveland's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults, police said.
"He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips, and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens. But they said there was no sign they were actually there.
Some of those who know Stephens described them as pleasant and kind, while some said they had a gambling problem. They filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
"He got along with everybody, so it's just unbelievable what happened," said Alexis Lee, a friend who saw Stephens last week.
The police chief said: "We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this, because we don't know."
Godwin's daughter said they were killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag.
"Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did," said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. "That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone."
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
In the shooting video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, "She's the reason that this is about to happen to you." The victim did not seem to recognize the woman's name. The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that "we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened." They said Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people. They helped them gain job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. Their attorney at the time, Trent Binger, said Monday that they remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems.
"He was an easy client to deal with," Binger said. "Always respectful to me ... well-mannered."
___
Associated Press reporters Dake Kang and Delano Massey in Cleveland and John Seewer in Toledo contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JACKSON, Wyo. — A grizzly bear that's been a fixture for Grand Teton National Park's wildlife-viewing masses the past dozen years hasn't been seen yet this year.
The Jackson Hole News & Guide reports that the grizzly, known as 610, is an adult sow that typically emerges from their den in April and spends time in sight of visitors around Jackson Lake. This year, though, park officials haven't seen them once.
Photographer Tom Mangelsen, whose photos have helped bring international attention to the park's grizzlies, says he's increasingly worried about bear 610.
But park officials say it's not unusual that they haven't been seen yet and they point out that grizzlies are unpredictable and may change behaviour.
Meantime, other grizzlies have been active in visible areas of northern part of the park.
——
Information from: Jackson Hole (Wyo.) News And Guide, http://www.jhnewsandguide.com
Decision time is drawing near for Mississippi's Charter School Advisory Board. While a proposed school in Clarksdale has an impressive list of supporters, those who want to open schools in Canton and Drew may face questions.
The board decides once a year on new applications to open the alternative form of public schools, which are run by private nonprofits. Board members have been purposefully picky, approving only four schools from 23 applications so far. None were approved last year.
All four schools that have been authorized are in Jackson, raising questions about how much promise charters have for a state as rural as Mississippi. This time, though, all three finalists want to serve areas outside Jackson.
Of those, Clarksdale Collegiate Public Charter School has attracted the strongest outside support. That's in part because the school's proposed leader, Amanda Johnson, was the founding principal of a charter school in Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, that leaders have hoped will be a model for the Mississippi Delta region.
Current Mississippi charter school operator RePublic Schools, says it would provide back-office support and the Charter School Growth Fund has granted $250,000 to pay for startup expenses.
Supporters include Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves and state Senate Education Committee Chairman Gray Tollison, both Republicans, and University of Mississippi Education Dean David Rock.
After-school enrichment group SR1, which proposes to open SR1 College Preparatory and STEM Academy in Canton, has a long track record, collecting $2.5 million in grants in the last five years. Tamu Green, the group's president and CEO, says the group aims to improve college access and success in Mississippi, and that community members in Canton asked SR1 for a K-12 school.
SR1's advantages include federally financed AmeriCorps volunteers that it plans to use as teaching assistants and after-school tutors. Financial projections for the school, which plans call to reach 975 students by 2029, appear aggressive, though. SR1 projects it will collect $15 million in the first five years of operation, but only spend about $6 million, leaving $9 million in reserve.
Green said they felt other charter schools' experiences showed the need for strong reserves, and said SR1 tried to make plans that were “as bare-boned as possible.” It's unclear, though, whether the organization can operate on less than half as much as what the local public school spends.
Similar questions surround plans for the Truth Academy STEAM Charter School in Drew, which projects it will spend less than half as much per student as the Sunflower County school district in its first year. Truth Academy plans to grow to 360 students in grades K-8 by 2023 and could capture almost all public school students in Drew — only 375 students attended regular K-8 public schools there last year. The state consolidated the Drew district into Sunflower County in 2012.
“Families and other community members of Drew are very much interested in restoring the sense of pride in their schools that existed prior to the consolidation,” Truth Academy's application states.
The school's sponsoring organization, Shades of Elegance, appears to have largely focused on girls and mothers, sponsoring a scholarship pageant and female empowerment programs. T.J. Graham, the school's proposed executive director, couldn't be reached for comment.
The three finalists had interviews with outside experts hired by the authorizer board on Aug. 3, and will get those results later this week. The board votes Sept. 11
Krystal Cormack, board chairperson, says members look for strength in academic, operational and financial plans. They say it's important not to underestimate money.
“The majority of charter schools that have been closed around the country have had problems with finances,” they said.
___
Jeff Amy has covered politics and government for The Associated Press in Mississippi since 2011. Follow them at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate people who have religious objections to LGBT rights.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate people who have religious objections to LGBT rights.
Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act. (Source: Whitehouse.gov)
By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVARAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
"Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health," said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
"The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women," said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. "We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules."
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
___
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). This Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo shows the entrance to North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, Calif., following the shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday. Classes are scheduled to resume Monday, April 17,...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center rear, talks with Ruben Gutierrez and their grandson Jeffrey Imbriani, 7, after shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center right facing camera, with glasses on, talks with faculty, staff and parents following the shooting death of a teacher and a stud...
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) - A performer blew bubbles, a man handed out teddy bears and parents shared hugs and prayers outside a San Bernardino elementary school Monday as students returned to classes for the first time since a gunman opened fire in their estranged wife's classroom, killing them and an 8-year-old boy.
Classes at North Park Elementary resumed a week after the shooting.
As buses rolled up to the school, students passed a large banner outside the building that read: "We love you."
Parents, some wearing shirts that said "Pray for North Park," walked their children to the school door and hugged each another in the parking lot. A large memorial of flowers, candles and balloons was on the sidewalk in front of the school.
North Park had been closed since April 10, when Cedric Anderson walked into their estranged wife's special-education classroom and opened fire, killing them and student Jonathan Martinez, before fatally shooting himself.
They targeted Karen Smith but the bullets also hit Jonathan and 9-year-old Nolan Brandy, who was released from the hospital on Friday, police said.
Anderson had been unsuccessfully trying to convince their wife to take them back after a breakup just weeks into their marriage.
When they rejected their attempts, Anderson went to the school and killed her, police said.
School officials said security has been tightened at North Park and police officers stood guard outside the school Monday.
Counselors were also e available for students and staff.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Photos and video from the scene of a stabbing in Croydon show officers searching a grass area with a torch and a forensics marker in place.
Officers from the Met Police were called at 5.55pm on Friday (October 6) after a man received multiple injuries in a reported stabbing.
London Ambulance Service sent several assets to the scene. A spokesperson said: “We were called at 5.55pm to reports of a stabbing at Longheath Gardens, Croydon.
“We sent an advanced paramedic, an ambulance crew, a single responder in a car and the trauma team from London's Air Ambulance to the scene.
“We treated a man for multiple injuries and took them to a major trauma centre by ground ambulance as a priority."
One photo shows a number of forensic markers on a patch of grass while another shows forensics officers walking inside the cordon, wearing the distinctive blue outfits.
The condition of the victim is unknown.
Residents have spoken of their shock at the attack.
George Bentley said: “I always walk through Longheath Gardens, even though my wife says it's a bit iffy.
“I've never had any problems but this is just awful. You just hope they will be ok. Often it used to be gangs. Now it seems if you know the wrong person or look at someone the wrong way - that's it.”
The drug lord known as El Chapo can hire a high-profile lawyer, but the judge overseeing their case won't guarantee they get paid.
Joaquin Guzman, who has been represented by public defenders, wants private attorney Jeffrey Lichtman to take over. But Guzman's assets are frozen, and there's a risk that the government could seize any legal fees they pay, claiming they're tainted by drug money.
"He's completely locked down so how do they pay us?" Lichtman told NBC News. "He can't just go to their checkbook in their jail cell and say, 'Here's a check, you're hired.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'El Chapo' heads back to court to face drug trafficking charges 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
At a hearing on Monday, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said they wouldn't pressure the government to keep its hands off the cash. The accused Mexican cartel leader will instead be allowed to meet with a family member for the first time on Thursday to discuss how to pay the lawyer.
Cogan warned that if Guzman wants to change attorneys, they need to do it soon because they won't delay the trial, which is scheduled to start in April and could put Guzman behind bars for the rest of their life.
"It's very difficult to be ready for an April trial date when we can't come into the case because he's not even be able to meet with their family to arrange our fee," a frustrated Lichtman said outside court, adding that they still hoped something could be worked out.
"This is still America. The man deserves not only their choice of counsel, but also a fair trial," they said.
Guzman was extradited to the U.S. in January, a year after they were recaptured following a spectacular 2015 tunnel escape from a Mexican prison. He's charged with running a massive and murderous drug-trafficking operation that helped fuel an American drug epidemic.
He's being held in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day, except for meetings with their lawyers. When they arrived in the courtroom on Monday, they waved to wife Emma Coronel, who married them in 2007 while they were on the lam after their 2001 prison escape in a laundry cart.
The wife of "El Chapo", Emma Coronel Aispuro, will get to meet with them Thursday. Don Emmert / AFP/Getty Images
During the brief hearing, they looked frequently at the 27-year-old former beauty queen, their twin daughters and other supporters sitting in the second row, emotion crossing their face at times.
Lichtman said that in the last seven months, Guzman has not been allowed to meet with any relatives, including their wife and children, and can't even talk to jail guards because they don't speak any English.
The lawyer — whose past clients include terrorists and John "Junior" Gotti, the son of a mob boss — said the security arrangements were the most stringent he's seen in 27 years of practice.
"You walk to the courthouse and there are helicopters buzzing outside and there are men with automatic weapons with helmets on and it's just for a little guy," Lichtman told NBC News.
Related: 'El Chapo' Still in Solitary But Can Write to Wife
"This is a calm, serene guy so the whole thing is bizarre to us, every last aspect of this case," they said, adding that Guzman's reputation didn't match the man they met in jail.
"He's calm, he's very funny, I mean I had them laughing today. They had tears rolling down their face," they said. "This is a guy who's supposed to be a mass murderer. You would never think it if you met him."
GREEN TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – Some firefighters in Mahoning County are taking a stand, saying they will not respond to a group home in Goshen Township that has been causing some problems without police officers present.
Firefighters from two nearby departments are on call to respond to the Village Network group home, previously known as the Sharon Lynn Home for Girls.
But on Monday night, Damascus Fire Department President Tom Rhodes and Green Township Fire Chief Todd Baird made it clear — they're not going in until police say it's safe.
“The girls will abuse us, they'll swear at us, they'll throw things at us,” Rhodes said.
They said police would respond first and when they tell fire crews it's safe, then firefighters will go in.
Chief Steven McDaniel said as long as they're not on a more immediate call, they'll provide an escort.
The departments made up of volunteers took a vote on the issue, though they will still respond first if there's a fire.
“The members felt that our family was attacked and we are no longer responding there on a mutual aid basis,” Baird said.
On April 3, three teen girls walked away from the home and tried to burglarize the home of two Green Township firefighters several miles down the road. The girls assaulted them, hitting and kicking them in the face.
All three girls were arrested and taken to the Mahoning County Juvenile Justice Center.
“When you attack two members of our family, we take it personally,” Baird said.
Rhodes said Goshen police have responded to over 650 calls to the home in the last ten years. Neighbors have been complaining about it since at least 2014.
In 2015, the Wooster-based Village Network — a nonprofit providing shelter for girls with mental and behavioral problems — bought the house.
Village Network has not responded to a request for comment. A woman who answered the door at the group home Monday night said they didn't have an official comment, but that they're working with police on a solution.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
We're in the thick of Girl Scout cookie season and the boxes are rolling in. Are you looking at the nutrition labels and having buyer's remorse? Well, don't panic. Girl Scout cookies are treats; they're not meant to be healthy staples in your diet.
“You're not hitting any nutritional home runs with Girl Scout cookies,” says Samantha Cassetty, a registered dietitian in New York City. But if you're getting most of your nutrients from healthy foods like veggies, fruits, nuts, beans, whole grains and lean proteins — and not cookies, you're in good shape.
Besides, Girl Scout cookies do have a few things going for them. First of all, by buying them, you're supporting girls (and getting some serious brownie points). Secondly, Girl Scout cookies are not following the super-size portion trend. “They've been getting smaller over time,” says Madelyn Fernstrom, Ph.D., NBC News Health and Nutrition Editor. “So, one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart, guilt-free indulgence."
Martha McKittrick, a registered dietitian in New York City, points out that the Girl Scout cookie bakers have added some whole grains to a couple of the recipes (albeit in very small amounts), which is an improvement. Some of the cookies also contain nuts, which offer protein and healthy fat.
They've been getting smaller over time. So, one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart, guilt-free indulgence. They've been getting smaller over time. So, one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart, guilt-free indulgence.
Cassetty suggests keeping an eye out for reasonable amounts of added sugar too. For a serving of cookies, they say that's 7 grams. “On a per-serving basis, most Girl Scout cookies don't make the cut,” they admit. “But if you eat just one or two of the gluten-free Trios, it's not a terrible choice — assuming cookies are not part of your daily diet!”
The truth is you're getting a lot of refined carbohydrates, sugar and variable amounts of fat in your Girl Scout cookies. Many of them are particularly high in saturated fat — with most top sellers having more than 20 percent of the daily value.
Instead of focusing on individual nutrients, Cassetty says your best bet is to hone in on the serving size, which is standardized to the nearest ounce. That means the serving size for some cookies, like Shortbreads (aka Trefoils®), which are thin and light, have more cookies per ounce than a denser choice like the Caramel Delites® (aka Samoas®).
Cassetty's advice is to stick with a lighter cookie and eat just one or two, even if the serving size suggests it's okay to have four or five. “A smaller dessert is always better than a bigger one,” they say. “Plus, satisfaction declines after the first few bites.” So it's a strategy that pays off in several ways! Additionally, breaking up a serving for kids is a terrific way to teach them balance and moderation for indulgence foods.
Below is our breakdown of 2018 Girl Scout cookies from better to worst. We've sized up the nutrition labels* with a strong focus on calories, fat and sugar content per serving.
1. Shortbread aka Trefoils®
Coming in first place, these simple shortbread-style cookies contain only 4 grams of sugar per serving (and a serving is 4 to 5 cookies, depending on which licensed baker baked the cookies). They're also pretty low in calories compared to most of the other cookies. No wonder they're a top-five best-seller!
2. Trios
This chocolate chip, peanut butter, oatmeal cookies contain nutrition-positive ingredients like whole-grain oats and peanut butter, so they're rolling in at No. 2. They're also gluten-free, which makes them a good choice for anyone following a gluten-free diet.
3. Do-si-dos® aka Peanut Butter Sandwich
These best-selling cookies also contain both oats and peanut butter. The Peanut Butter Sandwich features peanut butter as its first ingredient, contains an extra gram of dietary fiber, and has only 6 grams of sugar compared to the Do-si-dos®, which contain 11 grams of sugar per serving.
Cleveland police were still searching Monday for a man who they said filmed themselves killing an elderly man, uploaded the video to Facebook and bragged about having committed many other homicides.
The suspect, identified as Steve Stephens, is considered armed and dangerous, police said after the homicide in northeast Cleveland near the Lake Erie shore.
An aggravated murder warrant was issued for Stephens' arrest, and police said early Monday that they may have fled Ohio. Police warned residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens. The FBI is providing assistance, a spokesperson told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Police initially said Sunday that the man "broadcast the killing on Facebook Live," but a spokesperson for the social media site later said the video was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
Police said Stephens' claim in one video to have committed multiple other homicides had not been verified. "There are no other victims that we know of," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference.
Authorities said the killing of the one confirmed victim, Robert Godwin, 74, appeared to be random.
"It's senseless," Williams said.
There had been no sighting of Stephens since the killing at 2 p.m., Williams said, and it wasn't clear whether they were still in Cleveland. Earlier, students at Cleveland State University, near downtown, were told to shelter in place or stay away from the school.
Williams said alerts had been sent out across the state, and Gov. John Kasich promised the Ohio State Highway Patrol's help.
A series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephens' Facebook page complained that they had "lost everything" to gambling. The posts named specific people whom the user wanted to talk to, and at one point they wrote "I killed 12 people today" and wouldn't stop until they could speak to their mother and a second woman.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
Later, the user posted: "I killed 15 today because of [the second woman]." The user called it their "Easter day slaughter."
NBC News archived the posts before the account was removed. "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said.
Williams didn't address the details of the Facebook posts, but said: "If Steve has an issue, they need to talk to folks to get that resolved."
"Steve, I know you have relationships with the clergy out here," Williams added. "I encourage you to call them and turn yourself in."
A longtime friend and fraternity brother of Stephens', Gary Jackson, told NBC News that when they spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine. They'd even made plans to get together this week.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed their employment — and described them as a quiet guy with a good heart who'd never shown a sliver of aggression. They do not have a criminal record, Williams said — just motor vehicle violations.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Streamed Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In Jackson's view, it was Stephens' personal turmoil that spun them out of control.
"I don't think he's killed those 14, 15 people," they said. "From what I know of them that's just them calling out for help."
Jackson added that they sent Stephens a text making sure that their friend knew as much.
"Whatever it is hurting you — you're about to put that pain on somebody else," Jackson said they told Stephens. "That ain't right."
By Sunday night, Jackson hadn't heard back.
"Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues," Williams said of Stephens.
Robert Godwin, pictured here with their daughter Debbie. Debbie Godwin
Robert Godwin Jr., the victim's son, told Cleveland.com they couldn't bring themselves to watch the disturbing video. "I haven't even looked at my cellphone or the news," Godwin said. "I don't really want to see it." Godwin Jr., 48, said they rushed to the scene of the killing after getting a call. "When the detective walked up, they didn't have to open their mouth because their vest said 'homicide,'" they told Cleveland.com.
Authorities described Stephens as black, 6 feet, 1 inch tall, weighing 244 pounds and bald with a full beard. They were last seen wearing a black or dark blue and gray striped polo shirt and was driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary tags, authorities said.
Tony Luong/The New York Times/Redux (photograph) and Joel Holland for Reader's Digest (hand lettering)The vast majority of people give no thought to the dictionary: It merely is, like the universe. To one group of people, the dictionary was handed to humanity ex coeli, a hallowed tome of truth and wisdom as infallible as God. To another group of people, the dictionary is a thing you picked up in the bargain bin, paperback and on sale for a dollar, because you felt that an adult should own a dictionary. Neither group realizes that the dictionary, whether online or leather-clad, is a human document, constantly being compiled, proofread, and updated by actual, living, awkward people.
In what is euphemistically known as a “transitional neighborhood” (drug deals occasionally happen in the parking lot, and there are bullet holes in the safety glass at the back of the building) in Springfield, Massachusetts, there are a couple dozen people who spend their workweek doing nothing but writing dictionary definitions—for Merriam-Webster, to be ­exact—sifting the language, categorizing it, describing it, alphabetizing it. (This word has the most definitions in the entire dictionary.) They are word nerds who spend the better parts of their lives thinking deeply about adverbs and slowly, inexorably going blind. They are lexicographers. This is the song of my people.
At Merriam-Webster, there are only two formal requirements to be a lexicographer: You must have a degree in any field from an accredited four-year college or university, and you must be a native speaker of English.
People are surprised (and perhaps slightly appalled) to hear that we don't require lexicographers to be linguists or English majors. The reality is that a diverse group of drudges will yield better definitions. Most lexicographers are “general definers”; that is, they define all sorts of words from all subject areas, from knitting to military history to hot-rodding. And while you don't need expertise in every field conceivable in order to define the vocabulary used in that field, there are some fields whose lexicon is a little more opaque than others.
Consequently, we have a minyan of English and linguistics majors on staff, but we also have economists, scientists of every stripe, historians, philosophers, poets, artists, ­mathematicians, international business majors, and enough medievalists to staff a ­Re­naissance Faire.
We require that our lexicographers be native speakers of English for a very practical reason: That's the language we focus on, and you need mastery over all its idioms and expressions. It is a sad reality that in your daily work as a lexicographer, you will read some good writing and a lot of mediocre and terrible writing. You need to be able to know, without being told, that “the cat are yowling” is not grammatically correct whereas “the crowd are loving it” is just very British. (These are the grammar rules you didn't know you've been breaking.)
There are some additional unmeasurable and unstated requirements to be a lexicographer. First and foremost, you must be possessed of something called sprachgefühl, a German word we've stolen into English that means “a feeling for language.”
Content continues below ad
Sprachgefühl is a slippery eel, the odd buzzing in your brain that tells you that “planting the lettuce” and “planting misinformation” are different uses of plant, the eye twitch that tells you that “plans to demo the store” refers not to a friendly instructional stroll on how to shop but to a little exuberance with a sledge­hammer. Not everyone has sprachgefühl, and you don't know if you are possessed of it until you are knee-deep in the English language, trying your best to navigate the mucky swamp of it. I use “possessed of” advisedly: You will never have sprach­gefühl, but rather sprachgefühl will have you, like a Teutonic imp that settles itself at the base of your skull and hammers at your head every time you read something like “crispy-fried rice” on a menu. The imp will dig its nails into your brain, and instead of ordering take-out Chinese, you will be frozen at the take-out counter, wondering if “crispy-fried rice” refers to plain rice that has been flash fried or to the dish known as “fried rice” but perhaps prepared in a new and exciting way. That hyphen, you think, could just be slapdash misuse, or … And your Teutonic imp giggles and squeezes its claws a little harder.
You must also be temperamentally suited to sitting in near silence for eight hours a day and working entirely alone. There will be other people in the office—you will hear them shuffling papers and muttering to ­themselves—but you will have almost no contact with them. In fact, you are warned of this over and over again.
Tony Luong/The New York Times/ReduxWhen I interviewed for my first job, as editorial assistant, I met with Fred Mish, Merriam-Webster's then-­editor-in-chief. They cast an eye over my résumé and asked with some incredulity if I enjoyed interacting with people, because if I did, then I should understand this job promised nothing of the sort. “Office chitchat of the sort you're likely used to,” they grumped, “is not conducive to good lexicography and doesn't happen.”
Emily Brewster, who has been an editor at Merriam-Webster for more than 15 years, sums up the secret longing of every lexicographer: “Yes, this is what I want to do. I want to sit alone in a cubicle all day and think about words and not really talk to anybody else. That sounds great!”
There's a good reason for the quiet. Lexicography is an intermingling of science and art, and both require a commitment to silent concentration. Your job as a definer is to find the exact right words to describe a word's meaning, and that takes some serious brain wringing. (Use these funny words to improve your own vocabulary.) Measly, for example, is often used to mean “small,” and you could get away with simply defining it as such and moving on. But there's a particular kind of smallness to measly that isn't the same sort of smallness associated with the word teeny. Measly implies a sort of grudging, grubbing smallness, a miserly meagerness, and so as a definer you begin wandering the highways and byways of English looking for the right word to describe the peculiar smallness of measly. There is nothing worse than being just a syllable's length away from the perfect, Platonic ideal of the definition for measly, being able to see it crouching in the shadows of your mind, only to have it skitter away when your coworker begins a long and loud conversation that touches on the new coffee filters. (Measly is defined in the Collegiate Dictionary, 11th Edition, as “contemptibly small.” Brewster thinks it might be the best definition in the whole book.)
Content continues below ad
There is actually a third personality quirk required to do lexicography: the ability to quietly do the same task until the universe collapses in on itself like a soufflé in a windstorm. It's not just that defining itself is repetitive; it's that the project timelines in lexicography are traditionally so long they could reasonably be measured in geologic epochs. Our last printed unabridged dictionary, Webster's Third New International, took a staff of almost 100 editors and 202 outside consultants 12 years to write.
Lexicography moves so slowly that scientists classify it as a solid. When you finish defining, you must copyedit; when you finish copyediting, you must proofread; when you finish proofreading, you must proofread again, because there were changes and we need to double-check.
The process is magical, frustrating, brain wrenching, mundane, transcendent. You must set aside your own linguistic prejudices about what makes a word worthy or beautiful to tell the truth about language. It is ultimately a show of love for a language that has been called unlovely and unlovable. When a dictionary does surface, there is no grand party or celebration. (Too loud, too social.) We're already working on the next update, because language has moved on. There will never be a break. A dictionary is out of date the minute that it's done.
Buy Kory Stamper's book, Word By Word. Courtesy penguin random house
YORK, Pa. — Authorities say the son of a Pennsylvania mayor punched them in the face, knocking them to the ground, and kicked them several times in their back, head and face before a bystander intervened.
The York Dispatch reports (http://bit.ly/2wCCdLF ) 30-year-old Brandon Anderson attacked York Mayor Kim Bracey last Saturday at their campaign headquarters. Authorities say they were arrested at the scene and charged with simple assault, a misdemeanour.
Bracey released a statement Friday night saying their son is battling an opioid addiction. They said no family is immune from the drug epidemic and “we must do everything in our power to solve it.”
The two-term mayor is seeking re-election.
[March 19, 2018] New York Metro Superlawyer Lynda J. Grant Investigates Walmart for Securities Fraud
Lynda J. Grant, an attorney with over 30 years of experience representing wronged shareholders and consumers and a New York Metro Superlawyer, announces that TheGrantLawFirm, PLLC is investigating potential breaches of fiduciary duties and/or federal securities claims arising from allegations contained in a recent whistleblower complaint filed against Walmart Inc. (NYSE: WMT) ("Walmart" or the "Company"). On March 15, 2018, Tri Huynh ("Huynh"), a former ecommerce executive with Walmart, filed a whistleblower complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned Huynh v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. et al., 18-cv-01631, against almart. In that complaint, they accuse Walmart of having inflated certain metrics relating to its ecommerce growth since at least as early as 2016, thereby misrepresenting its financial success and its success in competing with ecommerce giant, Amazon.com (News - Alert) . Huynh alleges that Walmart committed securities fraud and mail and wire fraud, among other things, and that they were terminated when they reported such activities to the Company's worldwide Global Ethics Office. TheGrantLawFirm is presently investigating whether Walmart's directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties in allowing such activity and/or committed fraud in violation of federal securities laws. If you are a shareholder of Walmart and would like additional information regarding this matter, please contact Lynda J. Grant at 212-292-4441 or lgrant@grantfirm.com. ATTORNEY ADVERTISING
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005251/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Odell Beckham Jr. is one of the league's most popular players. You can see it on social media, in the stands on game days and in stores where jerseys are sold. It's not surprising, either, considering how exciting and talented they are.
To show just how popular they are, check out this youngster's reaction to opening their jersey on Christmas morning. Beckham caught wind of their reaction and promised to meet them one day.
That day was Sunday when the Giants took on the Redskins. Beckham found them on the sidelines and signed their jersey after sharing a moment with the young fan.
🙏🏾 A video posted by 8 E Y E (@8eyejb) on Jan 2, 2017 at 6:27am PST
Beckham made this kid's day not once, but twice. First on Christmas and then on Sunday. Talk about a good week for that little fan.
CHICAGO (AP) - Notre Dame and Wisconsin will play at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in 2020 and Soldier Field in Chicago in 2021.
The schools made a joint announcement on Monday in Chicago. The two-game series marks the first meeting between the Fighting Irish and Badgers since 1964.
Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick says the games will be part of school's Shamrock Series in which the Irish regularly play at a neutral site and break out alternative uniforms.
"These things are always a Rubik's Cube when you're trying to figure out how to put them together," Swarbrick said. "One piece of it moves, then you've got to go back and try and refigure it. We had to stick with it. In so many regards, it came together exactly as we wanted it."
The first game will be played at the home of the Green Bay Packers, on Oct. 3, 2020. Lambeau Field is named after Curly Lambeau, the former Notre Dame player who went on to found, coach and play for the Green Bay Packers.
The site will shift to the home of the Chicago Bears on Sept. 25, 2021. The Lambeau Field game will count as a Wisconsin home game and the Soldier Field game will be part of Notre Dame's NBC television package.
"We at Wisconsin are honored to have the privilege to play a program with the rich tradition of Notre Dame. It's been a while in the works. It's taken a while to put this together, but I'm very excited about it," said Wisconsin athletic director Barry Alvarez, who was an assistant coach at Notre Dame under Lou Holtz in the late 1980s.
The schools are located a four-hour drive apart, but haven't played since Notre Dame beat Wisconsin 31-7 in what was the first game as Fighting Irish head coach for recently deceased Ara Parseghian.
"There are so many connections here. Especially meaningful for me in this month to have this announcement come shortly after the passing of Ara Parseghian," Swarbrick said.
The teams have met 14 times overall with the Irish leading 8-6.
The Badgers most recently played at Lambeau Field to start the 2016 season and beat LSU 16-14. It was just the second college football game ever played at Lambeau and the first matching Division I teams.
Wisconsin last played at Solider in Field in 2011 against Northern Illinois and won 49-7. Notre Dame has played 12 games at Soldier Field, most recently in 2012 when the Irish routed Miami 41-3 in a Shamrock Series matchup. The Irish are 10-0-2 at Soldier Field.
___
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Amuru man taken to court, cautioned for keeping tortoise
Amuru man cautioned over keeping protected animal species
The newly created Uganda Standards, Utilities and Wildlife Court has sentenced Dennis Omoni to a caution for unlawful possession of a tortoise. This after convict Omoni, a resident of Amuru District, pleaded guilty to a charge of being in possession of protected species, before Grade one magistrate Gladys Kamasanyu.
Omoni told court in Kampala that the tortoise which was found at their home had invaded their fish pond and it was disrupting their farming business.
However the Magistrate cautioned them never to endanger these protected species as they will be denying a chance to the young generation to see them.
The post Amuru man taken to court, cautioned for keeping tortoise appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gracehill Country Markets will be staging their popular Christmas Market this Friday, December 15, from 10.30-11.30 in Gracehill Church Hall.
Members of Gracehill Country Market recently presented donations to Rev Sarah Groves of Gracehill Moravian Church.
Photograph kindly submitted.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Kimi Raikkonen has tipped Ferrari junior Charles Leclerc as a star of the future following the 19-year-old's impressive performances in F2 and the Formula 1 post-Hungarian Grand Prix test.
Leclerc leads the F2 drivers' standings by 50 points after seven rounds and topped the times on day one of the Hungaroring test when they drove for Ferrari.
They joined the Ferrari Driver Academy in 2016 and said last month that being able to observe Sebastian Vettel and Raikkonen had been a "a massive help".
"It's good if he's happy with the whole team helping him," said Raikkonen.
"It's always tricky to come and drive a different car than you're used to.
"But they have time on their side, he's shown good progress and for sure in the future they will do good things."
Leclerc has been linked with a drive at Sauber next season, with Ferrari president Sergio Marchionne keen to find a place for them and fellow junior Antonio Giovinazzi in F1.
Both of their chances increased when Marchionne revealed Ferrari is considering turning Sauber into a junior team to aid the progress of its young drivers.
"Obviously as I said I need to impress as many people as I can and I will give my best to do that," said Leclerc.
"Then if I have an opportunity at the end of the year I will grab it with two hands but for now I am just focusing on Formula 2."
Leclerc clocked up 98 laps - more than a Hungarian Grand Prix race distance - during the test, edging out Stoffel Vandoorne by 0.088s to top the times on day one.
Their time of 1m17.124s on the softs was 0.622 seconds slower than Vettel managed the following day, although the latter was running on super-softs when they set their best time.
"I'm satisfied," said Leclerc. "It's always important to impress anybody.
"But to be honest it wasn't really the main goal [at the test].
"The main goal was to get mileage in the car, try to do the best job I could for them and I hope they have seen some good bits about me."
U. S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth made history last week by being the first to bring their infant to the Senate floor while they voted. In Springfield, both chambers have been open to mothers and children.
State Rep. Litesa Wallace is a mom and foster parent. They recently led a Human Services committee while bouncing their infant on their lap. Later they worked in their office while the six-month-old slept in a stroller.
“I was not nervous,” they said. “I felt that I would be OK and supported in bringing him.”
Kids have been allowed in both the Illinois House and Senate. When overtime session lasts into the summer, parents who are lawmakers often bring their children to spend the days in Springfield. That can change the tone of debate, Wallace said.
“We're more accountable. We have to be more upstanding; we have to treat each other with more respect because the children are watching,” they said.
Wallace says they heard stories from other lawmakers who have raised babies and young children while serving in office, in particular state Rep. Mary Flowers and Sen. Kimberly Lightford.
Lightford took their seat in the Senate in 1998 at the age of 30. A couple years later, they got pregnant with their son, Isaiah.To their knowledge, she's the first to give birth while serving as a state senator in Illinois.
They say the reaction from their colleagues, most of them men, was positive. They recall an exchange with the late Sen. Vince Demuzio at an education hearing while they were pregnant.
“He said… ‘I'm that kid's god-grandfather,'” they said. “So I felt good about the way they responded. And all of my other colleagues responded very well.”
That included then state senator and future president, Barack Obama. A photo of Obama and Isaiah, as a round-faced baby, sits in their office.
Lightford was a single mom and traveled between the Chicago-area and the state capital with their son for the first few years of their life. And while their colleagues were understanding, it didn't shield them from sexist behavior:
“I wasn't equal, but they weren't mean to me or overly aggressive in the sense that they didn't welcome my child,” they said. “Other things that they did was inappropriate at times.”
At the time, they say they just tried to ignore it and keep working.
“I just needed to keep moving with the things that were concerning to me,” they said, adding that was their son and their legislative work. “And if I waste time over here addressing that, then I'm losing time over here. I already felt like it wasn't enough time in the day.”
Lightford hopes women know they can be moms and legislators. And others have. State Rep. Melissa Conyears-Ervin was elected in 2016, when their daughter was six months old and still nursing.
Ervin agreed time was a challenge, but they said colleagues, staff and others helped them out.
“I think that more women or mothers need to be a part of this process. And I encourage more to pursue it,” they said. “I think the more of us that get into this position, the more conducive the environment would be.”
Initiatives to help to work mothers have been introduced, including ones that would designate rooms for breastfeeding in courthouses and the state capitol.
State Rep. Kelly Cassidy, who is also a mother, sponsored the measure for courthouses. They said both proposals are about making democratic institutions more accessible to mothers.
“This is the people's house,” they said of the statehouse. “If you're a member of the public who is here to testify on a bill or to simply learn about how we do what we do, you deserve that same level of privacy and accommodation and dignity.”
Jordie's older brother, Tony Binion, says they were best friends growing up.
“I was the older brother, but sometimes I felt like the younger brother because they were the one that was like, "Let's go do this, let's jump off this, let's dive into this,' " said Tony Binion. “He was a fun kid.”
But around the age of 15, Jordie changed.
"Sometimes they started to withdraw from family and friends — they isolated themselves a lot,” said their mother. "He just wasn't functioning like their usual self. Their grades were slipping a little bit."
Tuesday on "NBC Nightly News," see how the Binions are changing the lives of tens of thousands of high school students though a creative new mental health curriculum.
Their mother thought they were depressed.
Jordie went to a family physician, who prescribed them an antidepressant. But after a few months, their parents say, they seemed to be having other issues.
"We would catch them at times talking to himself, and then they would laugh out loud, sometimes inappropriately,” said Will Binion.
Their worried parents took them to Seattle Children's Hospital, which has a psychiatric unit for children and adolescents.
The next day, Jordie wanted to leave. Washington State law permits people 13 or older to decide whether they will stay in a psychiatric facility. The Binions said someone from the hospital called them and told them to either come get Jordie or the hospital would “release them to walk the streets of Seattle.” The Binions picked their son up.
What they didn't know was that the law allowed them to force Jordie to stay — an option that they say the hospital never gave them.
NBC News called all 50 states and learned that nearly 40 percent give minors — some as young as 12 — the power to consent to treatment. Designed in the 1970s to protect young people, the laws can have the opposite effect. Deb Binion says they were handed Jordie's clothes “and basically that was it.”
The hospital, while saying it could not comment on Jordie's case due to privacy laws, called their death a "terrible tragedy." The hospital said it was committed to improving mental health care for children and adolescents and had taken several steps to improve care at its facility and in the region. "There is a tremendous need for improved access to mental health care and resources for children and youth all across the country, and we share the community's concern about the increasing issue of suicide in youth."
At home, Jordie was still struggling. The very night they got back from the hospital, their parents say, they were lying on the floor of their bedroom crying and holding their head saying they had “hurt so many people.”
Jordie saw a doctor when they got home, but their parents say it took them five months to schedule a full psychiatric evaluation. One reason is a shortage of child and adolescent psychiatrists in the country — only 8,300 to help an estimated 17 million kids who need it.
The day before that long-awaited appointment, Jordan Binion took their own life.
Their parents believe that the mental health system let Jordie, and them, down, and resolved to change that. They went to the Washington State Legislature and successfully petitioned for a change to the law, which now requires that parents be informed that they can petition to keep a child in an evaluation and treatment center for 72 hours over the child's objection.
mach
This futuristic jet pack that lets users fly up to 10,000 feet in the sky copied!
Zapata is the company best known for its hydro-flyer. It's now designed the Flyboard Air which is a jet-powered personal aerial vehicle that can go up to 10,000 feet in the sky.Mar.19.2018
Read More
A man arrested in connection with the death of a Google employee near their mother's Massachusetts home last summer is due in court.
Angelo Colon-Ortiz will be arraigned Tuesday in Leominster (LEH'-mihn-stur) District Court on assault with intent to rape and other charges in the Aug. 7 death of New York City resident Vanessa Marcotte.
The body of the 27-year-old Google account manager was found in the woods after they didn't return from a run in Princeton, a small town about 40 miles (64 kilometers) west of Boston.
Authorities say Marcotte fought their attacker and DNA taken from their hands helped solve the case.
They say Colon-Ortiz, a Worcester resident, had been working in the area at the time. He's been in custody since their Friday arrest. It's unclear if they have a lawyer.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Starbucks employees talking about racism in the United States for one afternoon won't solve the problem — but some say it's a necessary start.
After the coffee giant closed more than 8,000 stores for a few hours on Tuesday for racial-sensitivity training for its staff, the unprecedented move by a major corporation should be seen as an important step in opening a lasting national dialogue about racism and biases that must happen now, civil rights leaders, policy advisers and people affected by discrimination said during a town hall on MSNBC.
"I think this country is overdue for a truth and reconciliation process in every corner," said Heather McGhee, president of the public policy organization Demos, among the outside groups that helped Starbucks prepare for its training.
MSNBC'S "Everyday Racism in America," hosted by Joy Reid and Chris Hayes from Philadelphia, aired Tuesday night.
Panelists said they were dismayed by the apparent rise in incidents of racial, religious and sexual orientation discrimination and hate crimes over the past couple of years — coinciding with the election of President Donald Trump, who has been criticized for making comments embraced by white nationalist groups.
Panelists added that larger conversations must also be had about policing and the effect on minority communities, as videos shared on social media routinely capture instances of law enforcement being called on black people, even as they do innocuous activities such as sleeping in a common area of Yale University or moving out of an Airbnb rental in California.
"We have a long way to go, but we made some progress, and some of us aren't going back," said the Rev. Al Sharpton, an MSNBC host and president of the National Action Network, who met with Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson last week.
Starbucks leaders announced the anti-bias training following the arrest of two black men at a Philadelphia store last month while they waited for a business associate. The incident — caught in a video that went viral — led to protests across the country and an apology from Philadelphia's mayor for the "trauma of racial profiling."
The training also came the same day ABC announced that it was canceling the hit show "Roseanne" after star Roseanne Barr tweeted earlier Tuesday that former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett was a "child" of the Muslim Brotherhood and "Planet of the Apes." Barr later apologized for the tweet as a "bad joke," but ABC Entertainment and its parent company, Disney, ended production.
Jarrett, a participant in MSNBC's town hall, said the network made the right decision and called it a "teaching moment." They also said other corporations shouldn't be silent about racist behavior and must "hold people accountable the way Disney did today, the way Starbucks is doing."
Other panelists agreed that companies such as Starbucks have a responsibility for making their policies fairer toward everyone, even if they can't force people to change what's in their hearts.
Starbucks has also overhauled its policies in recent weeks, including allowing people to sit inside a store or use its bathroom without making a purchase as long as they act responsibly.
"I said that this is not about sitting down with civil right leaders and writing a check — this is about you've got to deal with the culture in your store," Sharpton said they told Starbucks executives. "It has to be a beginning, not an end."
Before Google announced the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, it pushed a new app listing to the Play Store that offered some details about the rumored always-on music ID feature. It turns out there's another interesting tidbit in that listing: the Pixel 2 will be able to automatically toggle on Do Not Disturb mode when you're driving.
The listing in question is called Pixel Ambient Services, which is a nice, vague name. Two of the screens are related to the music feature, but one of them references DND mode. There's a "driving" settings screen as part of this services app. When you turn that on, Do Not Disturb will activate when you are driving (based on the phone's sensors).
The drawback with this feature is that it most likely can't actually tell if you are the one driving. The sensor input from the phone will look the same if you're a passenger as if you're behind the wheel. It's also supposed to use Bluetooth to determine if you're in the car, so perhaps you'll also need to be connected to the car for this feature to trigger. There will be a toggle, so at least you can turn it off should this feature not work the way you want. We'll be able to test this and see how accurate it is when the Pixel 2 is available.
Even newer lower-dose birth control pills raise a woman's risk of breast cancer, although the actual danger is "quite small," researchers reported Wednesday.
Hormone-infused devices such as vaginal rings, implants and some IUDs also appear to raise the risk, although again not by much, the study found.
It's a disappointment to doctors who had hoped that lower doses of hormones in both oral and non-pill contraceptives might be safer than older birth control pills. But they stress there is no need for most women to abandon birth control pills for fear of breast cancer.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Here's how birth control affects breast cancer risk 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"When we look at all comers, the absolute overall increased risk of breast was one extra case of breast cancer for every 7,690 women using hormonal contraception for one year,” said Dr. Rebecca Starck, a gynecologist at the Cleveland Clinic, who was not involved in the study.
Related: Bad diet in teen years may raise breast cancer risk
“It's really quite small — not to say it's zero. Yes, hormonal contraception may increase your risk for breast cancer, but the absolute risk of breast cancer is small.”
This study was done in Denmark, where every resident is on a register of medical visits and drug purchases. The researchers tracked nearly 1.8 million women starting in 1995 and compared those who purchased birth control methods with women who developed breast cancer.
Overall, the use of any hormone-based contraceptive for five years or more raised a woman's risk of breast cancer by 20 percent, Lina Morch of the University of Copenhagen and colleagues reported in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The risk of breast cancer ranged from a 9 percent increase among women who used birth control for a year or less, to a 38 percent greater risk if a woman used it for 10 years or more.
Related: Birth control injections linked with breast cancer risk
Breast cancer is the second-biggest cancer killer of American women, after lung cancer. The American Cancer Society says every year it's diagnosed in 200,000 women and a few men, and kills around 40,000.
Other studies had shown about the same breast cancer risk for older versions of birth control pills.
“There were hopes that the new formulations would not increase a user's risk of breast cancer as the older formulations did,” said Mia Gaudet, strategic director of breast and gynecologic cancer research at the American Cancer Society, who was not involved in the research.
“ Yes, hormonal contraception may increase your risk for breast cancer, but the absolute risk of breast cancer is small.”
“Unfortunately this was not the case and additional research is needed to tweak the formulation. In the meantime, women who are using oral contraceptives might want to speak to their doctors about use before age 35 and after age 35. Depending on their reasons for using oral contraceptives, they might want to consider other options, including non-hormonal contraceptives.”
Some intrauterine devices (IUDs) do not employ hormones. Condoms and diaphragms do not deliver hormones.
“We always thought that non-oral hormonal contraception like the IUD is more of a localized form and systemically didn't affect women in the same way. But in the study it does appear that any form is basically the same,” added Dr. Taraneh Shirazian of New York University's Langone Joan H. Tisch Center for Women's Health.
Related: Drink less, exercise more to lower breast cancer risk
However, hormonal birth control does lower the risk of other cancers, including ovarian cancer and endometrial cancer, and it may lower the risk of colon cancer.
Most breast cancers are fueled by estrogen. Over the years, makers of birth control pills and hormone replacement therapy for women past menopause have reduced the amount of estrogen in their products.
Two types of birth control pills are sold in the U.S. — one that combines synthetic versions of the hormones estrogen and progesterone, and the “minipill” that only delivers progestin, a synthetic formulation of progesterone.
Shirazian notes that for women of average risk of breast cancer, the concern is not high.
“The relative risk increase in this study is only 1.2 on average. That is not a huge risk increase," they told NBC News.
“That is a very small extra risk. Don't forget there is relative risk of death in pregnancy, too. The risk of dying when you're pregnant is probably higher.”
Related: Even people with breast cancer genes can lower their risk
The National Cancer Institute estimates that 12.4 percent of women born in the United States will develop breast cancer at some time during their lives. That roughly translates to a 12 percent lifetime risk for a woman, although many factors affect breast cancer risk.
They include smoking, obesity, starting menstruation early, having children late in life or not at all and not breastfeeding. Any woman's risk of breast cancer goes up as they get older.
“No one should take (oral contraceptives) without careful thought, but the advantages in avoiding an unwanted pregnancy will usually more than outweigh the very slightly increased risk of breast cancer,” said Ashley Grossman, emeritus professor of endocrinologyat Britain's University of Oxford.
“And there is also the reassuring thought that oral contraceptive use may decrease the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancer.”
Hajia Ayishetu who was nominated by President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo for the position of MCE for Savelugu-Nanton was endorsed by members of the assembly on Saturday, May 13, 2017 and was sworn in on the same day as the newly elected MCE for Savelugi-Nanton by the Northern Regional Minister, Mr. Salifu Sa-eed.
The Municipal Chief Executive (MCE) for Savelugu-Nanton in the Northern Region, Hajia Ayishetu Seidu on Wednesday afternoon started work as the President's representative for the municipality, following earlier threats by some activists of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in the area not to allow them to enter their office to work.
They polled 50 votes out of the 64 ballots cast representing 78.13 per cent at the special meeting held at Savelugu , the municipal capital on May 13, 2017 to become the MCE for the area.
Hajia Ayishetu after their confirmation as the MCE for the area could not begin work immediately until Wednesday June 14, 2017, a month after their endorsement due to the threats by some NPP activists in the municipality not to allow them to enter their office.
 They are the first female MCE for the Savelugu-Nanton and one of the three female MMDCEs appointed by the President in the Northern Region.
At a brief handing over ceremony held at the MCE's office at Savelugu, Hajia Ayishetu pledged to operate an open-door policy and also work with all stakeholders including traditional authorities, the youth and women to help speed up the development of the municipality.
They thanked the President for nominating them to the position and also the assembly members for the confidence they have reposed in them and pledged to work with them to move the municipality forward.
The Chief Director of the Northern Regional Coordinating Council (NRCC), Alhaji Alhassan Issahaku who represented the Northern Regional Minister, Mr Sa-eed at the ceremony appealed to residents of the municipality to give the MCE their maximum support and cooperation to enable them succeed in their new capacity as the MCE for the area.
They also called on the staff of the assembly to work hard and support Hajia Ayishetu to deliver on them mandate.
The appointment of Hajia Ayishetu by the President was greeted with a series of demonstrations by some NPP activists in the municipality.
The NPP activists alleged they were not a known member of the party in the constituency, hence their decision to kick against their nomination.
Will the iPhone 8 Be Able To Scan Your Face?
The iPhone 8 reveal is almost here, and we will soon get our first official look at the latest flagship. However, until then we can expect leaks and tips, and here is what the latest ones talk about.
The first leak shows X-Ray shots of the phone from Chinese social network Weibo, and Apple tipster Benjamin Geskin. This leak shows two iPhone templates in production, one with a TFT-LCD screen, and one with an OLED screen, which could be the iPhone 7S and iPhone 8 respectively.
The iPhone 8 scan also looks like it has bigger room for battery.
The templates also show room for a charging coil which could mean that wireless charging is coming to the phone. Earlier rumors also hinted at a glass back for the iPhone 7S Plus, which could enable wireless charging more easily than the usual metal finish.
Another feature talked about is the new face recognition capability, or Face ID. After some digging into the HomePod firmware code, a reference for a resting state popped up, which suggested that you'll be able to unlock your iPhone with a glance even when it's sat down flat on a surface.
We can't confirm the authenticity of these rumors and leaks. However, they do back up earlier rumors. We will know more once the phone is officially announced next month.
© 2017 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
A Malian army spokesperson says armed men have attacked an army camp in the country's north, killing at least four soldiers and wounding another.
Lt. Col. Diarran Kone on Tuesday would not give more details about the attack in Gourma-Rharous, about 160 kilometers (99 miles) south of Timbuktu.
A local official said the assailants destroyed about six armed vehicles but left after failing to take control of the camp. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not permitted to speak to reporters.
The town of Gourma-Rharous has been targeted regularly by Islamic extremists in the region. No one has yet claimed responsibility for this attack.
Mali's north was occupied by al-Qaida-linked jihadists in 2012, and despite being pushed out in 2013 such attacks continue.
Though nutrition can be highly personalized, one thing most of us share is the urge to let loose every now and then. Whether that's a couple of slices of pizza on a Friday night or an ice cream cone on a hot summer day, sometimes the call of the craving is just too hard to deny. Whether giving into these cravings helps or hurts you in the long run is largely a matter of how you approach it. So, I turned to the pros — nationally recognized registered dietitians — for the top do's and don'ts for staying in control of cravings.
DON'T DO THIS
1. Don't get consumed by guilt
Like most of the dietitians I spoke to, Patricia Bannan, RDN, a nutrition expert in Los Angeles isn't fond of the term ‘cheat.' According to Bannan, “It feeds into the concept of foods being ‘good' or ‘bad' or worse, relates your food choices to you as a person being ‘good' or ‘bad.'”
To avoid eating monstrous portions of your favorite foods, try a small version every day and take the time to enjoy it. To avoid eating monstrous portions of your favorite foods, try a small version every day and take the time to enjoy it.
People often tell me about that critical voice in their head that judges them for overeating. I always advise them to dial that voice down. I've said it before but it's worth repeating: When you take a wrong turn, your GPS doesn't judge you. Instead, they gently remind you to take the next U-turn. Bannan offers this gentle reminder: “There are certainly times when people overeat unhealthy foods and feel emotionally and/or physically bad afterwards. The other extreme can be when people deprive themselves completely of all foods they consider ‘bad,' like ice cream, French fries or chocolate, and then unnecessarily lack enjoyment in their diet or eventually overindulge. It's really your total diet and total lifestyle that matters.”
In other words, let go of the guilt and return to healthier choices at your next eating occasion. One indulgence won't make or break a mostly healthy menu.
2. Don't turn a cheat meal into a cheat day, week or month
“While I'm not a fan of the word ‘cheat,' I think it's perfectly fine to occasionally indulge. Just do it smartly. Choose one thing you really want, whether it's ice cream or a pina colada, but don't give yourself excuses to turn the one indulgence into a whole day or week of overindulging!” advises Amy Gorin, RDN, owner of Amy Gorin Nutrition in Jersey City, NJ.
Another way to look at this: Have the French toast at brunch, but then steer yourself toward a luscious seasonal salad at your next meal. After all, when you drop your smart phone and crack the screen, you don't take the next chance to hurl it across the room. Apply that thinking to your menu. Have what you want, but don't turn it into all-day cheat fest.
3. Don't go into an indulgent meal all-out starving
If you know you're heading to happy hour or Sunday brunch with friends, it's helpful to plan smartly. You want to spend time with friends, not wolf down the first thing you see — and everything else in eyesight. If I'm brunching at 11 AM but I've been up since 8 AM, I might munch on a banana or a bowl of berries before heading out. That way, I can make better choices from the menu, opting for, say, avocado toast with a poached egg instead of a stack of pancakes with whipped cream.
An invitation to happy hour might call for a small piece of cheese with some sliced peppers or a side of grapes, allowing me to share the heaping plate of nachos rather than dine on them solo. And speaking of happy hour, remember that booze lowers your inhibitions so stick with one beer, glass of wine or low-sugar cocktail so that you stay in charge of your choices.
DO THIS INSTEAD
1. Do indulge your cravings
All of the pros I consulted with want you to enjoy your cravings. Kaleigh McMordie, RDN from Lubbock, TX has this sage advice: “I think the best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving.” Like others, McMordie doesn't believe in cheat meals or going cold turkey on some of your favorite foods. “Denying your body what it really wants often leads to either obsessing about the food, or continuing to eat and seek out foods that won't ever satisfy you. Either one can lead to over-eating.”
The best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving. The best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving.
I view cooking and eating as an act of love. It's a beautiful expression to cook someone a meal or break bread with friends. This translates well to the concept of mindfulness and allowing yourself to eat foods you love. In other words, having a fresh, hot, small batch doughnut — a personal favorite of mine — on rare occasions is treating myself with loving kindness. Having one each day is not a loving act, since it isn't treating myself with care. This example also illustrates what most dietitians know — that some treats are totally worth it, while others are just ‘meh.' If you're going for it, make sure it's worth it!
Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead — a man, a woman and their two children — were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet from a verified Twitter account, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of their children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
German police say they have arrested a Russian man who has been sought by South Korea for more than 13 years as a suspected accessory to murder.
Federal police said Monday that the 53-year-old, whom they didn't identify, was arrested at Munich airport as they were in transit between Moscow and Prague.  They are now in custody awaiting extradition.
Police say the man, who was arrested on Saturday, was sought by South Korean authorities as an accomplice to the killing of a man in 2003.  They are accused of driving the getaway car, and could face up to 25 years in prison if convicted.
Related Coverage Police raid Canfield home, looking for drugs
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Canfield man is facing drug charges as a result of a raid in August.
Michael Malvasi, Jr. is charged with trafficking in hashish and possession of hashish. They were indicted by a Mahoning County grand jury on Thursday.
WYTV has learned that the charges are related to a search of their Timber Run Road home on August 2. Malvasi was not arrested or charged at the time.
He's the son of Michael Malvasi, Sr., who was sentenced to four months in federal prison and probation after a tax evasion conviction in 2011.
Malvasi Jr. was also involved in a fatal crash in Canfield Township in November that killed 23-year-old Ryan Lanzo. Investigators are still trying to piece together that crash because Malvasi and Lanzo weren't in the vehicle when they arrived.
Lanzo was taken to the hospital by someone about 40 minutes after the crash, but they died of their injuries.
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use
The next time you reach out to Microsoft's Xbox support, you might not be talking to a Microsoft employee — or an employee of any kind. According to a new report, Microsoft has replaced most of its paid social support staff with unpaid “Xbox Ambassadors.” In some cases, the support reps who were let go spent their final weeks of employment training the new unpaid volunteers.
The Xbox Ambassador program existed prior to this move, but they weren't taking on the role of front-line customer support reps. The Ambassadors were active on the Xbox forums, essentially acting as moderators who answered questions and kept order. These are entirely volunteer roles in the Xbox community, but Microsoft opted to replace a dozen paid staff who ran the popular @Xboxsupport Twitter account with ambassadors. When you use the Xbox support site, you get an AI chatbot that will eventually pass you off to the Twitter account or forums.
Microsoft refused to directly confirm the circumstances of the layoffs, but former support reps say they were tasked with training the Ambassadors. Most of these reps worked for an outside company called Affirma Consulting, but operated out of the Microsoft offices.
At least one former support rep claims Microsoft's cost-cutting will result in poorer support for gamers. That claim is currently supported by the evidence, too. Before the layoffs several weeks back, the @XboxSupport account dealt with dozens of customer questions every day. Now, it mostly retweets Xbox news, and Ambassadors on Twitter randomly reply to a handful of tweets with #XboxAmbassador. The Ambassadors may know more about games than your average work-a-day support rep, but they reportedly lack the deep knowledge that comes with a team of professionals working on customer issues full time.
We are so honored to call these good people #xboxambassadors! Thank you for all that you do. 💚🎮 https://t.co/dCw6vzjBeE — Xbox Ambassadors (@XboxAmbassadors) April 14, 2018
The only comment from Microsoft notes that it still has “a number of highly-trained customer support agents” in addition to community ambassadors to address customer support. Still, making volunteers the backbone of your customer support seems short-sighted. It's hard to ensure a volunteer is committed to the task or accountable for mistakes.
Microsoft doesn't pay the Xbox Ambassadors — technically, they pay Microsoft for the privilege. You can only be an Ambassador if you pay for an Xbox Live Gold subscription. You also need a gamer score of at least 1,500 and no account infractions for at least 12 months. In return for their volunteer efforts, Microsoft rewards Ambassadors with XP, free games, and entries in prize drawings.
Now read: The Best Free Games on the Xbox One
WASHINGTON — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
——
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
“I feel very confident we're going to get this done … at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
“There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions,” Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's “Meet the Press with Chuck Todd” Sunday. “So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen.”
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 per cent to 20 per cent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 per cent instead.
——
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defence spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
——
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
——
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
“We will not leave here without a DACA fix,” said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
——
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Todd Bailey is fed up with delivery companies that drop their online purchases at their door.
A few years ago, the Grande Prairie, Alta., resident was at the hospital for the birth of their child when a big-screen TV they had ordered was left on their front stoop.
Bailey figures the enormous box, a target for would-be thieves, was there nearly 24 hours. The frequent online shopper has been repeatedly frustrated that expensive purchases have been left unattended rather than transported to a safe location like a post office.
“It's not the first time but it still surprises me when you come home and there's a big package on your doorstep out there for everyone to see,” Bailey says.
“I think the assumption is it's being delivered to a person and not to an address. The assumption is it's being delivered to go inside the house.”
For some shoppers, having a package left at their home — especially if it's placed in an inconspicuous spot — is preferable to trekking to a faraway depot that's always busy.
But Facebook neighbourhood groups and local news broadcasts are now frequently reporting on thieves caught on home security cameras stealing packages left outside.
On Thursday, Bailey tweeted a photo to Purolator of a box left against their door. It was a Christmas gift from their mother for their seven-year-old son.
“It's almost too easy (for a thief),” they say. “It just boggles your mind.”
In response to their tweet, a customer service representative for Purolator replied: “Our delivery service requires a signature however if the sender selects the signature-not-required service, and there's no risk of it being stolen or damaged, we'll honour it.”
There are no easy answers for consumers who are victims of theft.
In an email, a Purolator spokesperson said “the receiver should notify local authorities. They can also file a claim with Purolator.”
Meanwhile, Canada Post and UPS Canada both say shoppers should contact the retailer. FedEx Canada did not respond to an interview request but a page on its website invites customers to file a claim if a package is lost.
Amazon.ca shoppers are told — if they read the legalese in the site's conditions of use — that “risk of loss and title for items purchased from Amazon.ca pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier or, if such items must cross an international border, then risk of loss and title pass to you when they clear customs.”
Amazon added in a statement that “the vast majority of deliveries make it to customers without issue. In the rare case something occurs, we work with customers directly to make it right.”
The Seattle-based company thinks it's solved the problem with its new Amazon Key product, which allows a customer's door to be wirelessly unlocked to accomodate a delivery. A camera records the drop-off to protect against anything inappropriate and the door locks as soon as the delivery is complete. The service is not yet available in Canada.
Canada Post spokesperson Jon Hamilton agrees that package theft is still “a small issue that gets a lot of attention,” but could not provide any figures on how many complaints the organization receives.
While they acknowledged it does happen, they note the volume of parcel deliveries is at an all-time high.
“What we have right now with (holiday) online shopping is we're delivering over one million parcels a day across the country,” says Hamilton, noting the postal service hit that daily marker 60 times this year.
They invite shoppers that are afraid of theft to use Canada Post's FlexDelivery service, which allows online purchases to be directed to a post office for pickup.
But some Canada Post locations have been overloaded by packages being stored for online shoppers. On Friday, there were six across the country that were jammed full and unable to accept any new deliveries.
“The one part of the process we can't control if a parcel goes to a post office is when people will pick it up. About 80 per cent of the parcels that are dropped off at a post office get picked up within three days and there's about 20 per cent that will linger,” Hamilton says.
“And at this time of year when more and more parcels are arriving every day with online shopping, that can add up.”
They added that one major retailer's recent sale on the Instant Pot wrecked havoc with Canada Post's network, given how large the cooking devices are.
“(We) were chock-a-block with Instant Pots … so you can imagine how that could eat up a lot of space in a short period of time.”
Bruce Cran, president of the Consumers' Association of Canada, says e-commerce is still in its relative infancy so it's not surprising that there are inefficiencies in the delivery process.
They also believe that on a percentage basis, the number of packages being stolen is small.
“Consumers love the convenience and at the moment, I don't think there's an immense danger in people looking to take deliveries,” Cran said.
“I don't get the impression at the moment that it's anywhere near the quantity that would prevent us from utilizing these services. We value being able to order on Thursday night and maybe get it on Friday morning.”
Graeme McDowell admits they are suffering from the "scar tissue" caused by their recent struggles as they try to show their kids the form which made them a major champion and Ryder Cup hero.
McDowell became the first European winner of the US Open in 40 years when they won at Pebble Beach in 2010, the same year they secured the winning point in the Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor.
However, the 38-year-old's last victory came back in 2015 and the former world number four starts this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at 175th in the rankings, having dropped outside the top 200 before finishing 12th in May's BMW PGA Championship.
"I'm struggling with confidence," McDowell admitted at Ballyliffin. "It's that little bit of scar tissue that builds up over three or four years of not playing well.
"You play your best golf when you don't care, when you practise really hard and really intensely and you get on the golf course and let it go and you play carefree. It's hard to play carefree when you've had three or four years of not playing well.
"I feel like I'm one result away from having a lot of great results, but I just can't get that one result under the belt.
"The desire's still there but my motivations are different. I'm out here because the legacy that I want to leave in the game, I don't want to go out like this. I'd really like another two or three years at the top of the game.
"I have young kids and I have that visual of having my kids come on to the 72nd green of a tournament (after a win). That's what I want.
"I want to show my kids that I am a great player and don't have to pull out the old DVDs. If they know what a DVD is, my kids. They probably don't. Pull it up on YouTube."
McDowell has recorded just one top 10 in 16 appearances in the Irish Open and needs another in Ballyliffin to have a chance of claiming one of the three qualifying places on offer for the Open Championship at Carnoustie.
But they will at least have their own clubs available after they were delivered to their hotel at 3am on Wednesday morning, having initially been lost in transit from Paris to Manchester, where McDowell had flown in order to contest the 36-hole Open qualifier at St Annes Old Links on Tuesday.
"We established they were in Paris on Monday, but couldn't establish when they were going to get to me," McDowell added.
"I had to withdraw from the Open qualifier on Monday night, much to the world of Twitter's dismay. They couldn't quite understand why I couldn't just go borrow a set of clubs and go shoot 65, 65 and qualify, which I could have done, I suppose.
"The main point was it wasn't my last chance saloon. If it had then of course I would have gone out there and gave it my best shot, but with three spots up for grabs this week and next week in Scotland, I felt like it was going to be an unnecessary risk to take with regards to preparing for this week."
This means users will now have three choices when it comes to the Librem 5's operating system. It'll ship with free Software Foundation-endorsed PureOS by default, although KDE Plasma Mobile is also on offer. Todd Weaver, CEO of Purism, said that it makes sense to include community-developed Ubuntu in its open-platform offering. "While we develop, support, and recommend PureOS, allowing an alternative to users that is supported by Purism can only help the cause of improving digital rights for users."
I recently had the opportunity to talk with Tim Crawford, CIO Strategic Advisor AVOA. Tim is one of my panelists for the session, Buy Less Nutanix. Run More Apps at Nutanix.NEXT in Washington D.C. later this month. I've known Tim for over 25 years and have watched their industry influence and recognition steadily climb as their perspective and advice becomes increasingly sought after by organizations across the globe.
SK: How involved should IT be involved in the charge to digital transformation?
Digital transformation is a bit of a misnomer. What organizations should really care about is business transformation, or more specifically, business transformation enabled by technology. It's important that IT organizations don't purchase technology for technology's sake. IT needs to learn how the company runs the business and how technology enables that capability. If the CIO has a conversation with the CEO about digital transformation, the CEO is likely to ask, “What does it do for the customer? For our business efficiency?” On the other hand, if the CIO talks about business transformation using technology as an enabler, the CEO is able to connect the dots between current state and future state.
Read the entire article here, Tim Crawford on Digital Transformation
via Steve Kaplan at ByTheBell.com
Senator Dino Melaye rearrested in Hospital After attempting to Escape Police Custody in Abuja
A new video from VoiceTv Nigeria shows Senator Dino Melaye been rushed into the Zankili Medical Center, Mabuchi, today in Abuja.
﻿
According to TheCable, Melaye was reportedly being led to court by the police officers on Tuesday afternoon when they attempted to escape thereby sustaining injuries when they jumped out of a moving police vehicle.
It was gathered that the police vehicle carrying Melaye turned to an unknown location when it got to Area 1, Abuja. They were said to have immediately jumped out of the vehicle.
Addressing journalists at the hospital including TheCable, an eyewitness simply identified as Peter said:
I was there in Area 1 when the police vehicle stopped somewhere and amid the confusion, there were shouts of ‘shoot him, shoot him'. They have been saying it that they want to take their life and we can see that now. Yesterday, about 200 police officers were in house. They were there till this morning. When they came out, they told them ‘okay, I'm going to go with you people to the police station.' That they are not a criminal and that they don't even have any arrest warrant on him. But they followed them. It was later this afternoon, while they were being taken to court, around that Area 1, the crowd had gathered and the police officers were there with him. I don't know if they were pushed out of the vehicle or not but amid the confusion, they later moved them from there.
The police has now rearrested the senator, and in a statement to TheCable, said “hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle” while Melaye was being taken to court. The statement read:
At about 12pm of today (Tuesday), Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria police force and being taken for arraignment in federal high court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 roundabout, Abuja and in the process the senator jumped out of the police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination. The police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where they were re-arrested. The senator would be arraigned in court without further delay. Meanwhile, one of the Toyota hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the senator has been recovered by the police investigation team. The inspector general of police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.
The police is yet to take Melaye away from the hospital, as he's still being treated.
Dino Melaye who is representing Kogi West District was arrested at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja on Monday.
It is unclear what offence they were arrested for but the senator had been declared wanted by the police following the disappearance of some suspects who allegedly indicted them in a gunrunning case.
Melaye is yet to make any official statement through their Twitter page, on which they are usually very vocal.
The post Senator Dino Melaye rearrested in Hospital After attempting to Escape Police Custody in Abuja appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United boss Rafael Benitez could have new signings Islam Slimani and Martin Dubravka to call on for this weekend's match with Crystal Palace.
It was initially thought Leicester City loanee Slimani would miss the Palace fixture and the following match against Manchester United but they could now be involved in some way.
They will face a late fitness test to judge their ability to be in the squad for Sunday's game.
Fellow Deadline Day signing Dubravka from Sparta Prague has no fitness worries and as Freddie Woodman - who was on the bench for the Magpies match against Burnley - departed to Aberdeen, the Slovakian should at least start as a substitute.
Rafael Benitez said: "Slimani has been working with the physios and we will see if they are available tomorrow. We have another training session.
"Dubravka has been training normally but they have not been here long. All the keepers will have the chance to compete."
Both players will hope to follow in the footsteps of Newcastle's other new signing, Kenedy from Chelsea.
They underwent a promising start to life in black and white and Benitez is pleased with their contribution so far.
They saidL "We knew about their quality. But at the same time we know they are a young player. They have to carry on with the same attitude & confidence. If they do that, they will give us something different - just like Dubravka and Slimani."
The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's Eve attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
___
10:10 a.m.
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
Read the safety card
As with those pre-flight safety demos, the FAA requires airlines to include an information safety card in all seat back pockets. It's critical to read this as it contains guidelines and details specific to the aircraft you're on.
“These cards show you where your exits are, and how to open the window exit,” says Ibarra. “That's important and it's not an easy task. They're heavy and you have to rotate the handle and pull it inward. Depending on the aircraft, you'll either toss it on your seat or throw it out of the plane, but if you don't read the information card, you may not know what to do and it can be intimidating.”
Check your safety gear
Suran Wijayawardana, a pilot and the COO of Alerion Aviation notes that passengers should “take the time to acknowledge the mask and reach down underneath their seat to make sure they know where the life jacket is. That way, in the rare case of an emergency, they know exactly where to find it and can keep confident in following procedures.”
Trust flight attendants; they're trained to save your life
Flight attendants, with their spiffy uniforms and accommodating nature, may seem like the wait staff of the sky, but these professionals are trained to perform a range of medical tasks — from basic CPR to delivering a baby. They also know the ins and outs of the plane and receive annual training on safety.
“It's quite intensive,” says Ibarra. “For instance, you not only have to know how to deploy a raft, which is in itself very challenging, you have to know how to collect water and put up a canopy in case you are not rescued immediately.”
Not only are flight attendants trained to save you, they may be trained to, well, kill you.
“After 9/11, I took voluntary self-defense courses at Delta,” says Ibarra. “I learned so much from it, including two ways to kill people.” And yes, that's with their bare hands.
The point is flight attendants can be your in-flight superheroes. Remember that when you're annoyed that the beverage cart is coming down the aisle too slowly.
When seated, keep your seatbelt buckled
Often we only fasten our seatbelts when the light alerting us to do so is on, but we should keep our seatbelts fastened the whole time we're seated.
“I hate to think of it but had the woman who lost their lives on [Tuesday's Southwestern flight 1380] not had their seatbelt on, they would have been out that window in two seconds,” says Ibarra, while Nelson adds that other lives were likely saved by buckling up.
“In instances of a rapid decompression like [that on the Southwestern flight], people are saved because they have their seatbelt on,” says Nelson.
Stay sober so you can be alert
Experts stress the importance of not freaking out if something goes wrong in the air, and also to remain completely alert. This means you shouldn't drink too much on a flight. Ibarra notes that flight attendants are trained to cut you off when you're having too much, but you shouldn't ever get to that point. Stay sober so that if in an emergency you can coherently follow all commands.
Do nothing unless told to by the crew (including trying to be a hero)
The passengers who stepped in to help each other on Tuesday's flight acted so bravely and that can't be underestimated. But in most emergency situations, it's not recommended to do anything other than stay seated unless the flight crew asks you otherwise. Frankly, trying to be of service can interfere with the people trained to help and distract other passengers from important messages.
“Flight attendants are trained to direct people and it is important to listen to those commands,” says Nelson. “I don't pass judgment on the passengers [on that Southwestern flight 1380] and I know that had it not been for the quick response of passengers, that woman would have been swept out of the plane.”
This incident should be viewed as an exception to the rule. In the vast majority of cases “it's best to listen to flight attendant instructions because we are trained to keep everyone safe,” says Nelson. “Sometimes when passengers act on their own they could potentially be impeding that process.”
Wear sturdy shoes or sneakers
I tend to dress purely for comfort on a plane, and usually by the time we've taken off, I've ditched my shoes for a pair of fat fuzzy socks. While flight attendants want us to sit back and relax, we may want to keep our shoes laced.
“If you're evacuating down a slide and running around form a burning aircraft you want to be in shoes that will let you run,” says Ibarra. “You don't want to be in flip-flops or be barefoot. Sneakers are smart and also comfortable.”
Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton faced a combative group of constituents at a town hall on Monday, taking heat from a room of people voicing their frustrations with what has been an eventful start to President Donald Trump's presidency.
The room erupted in boos when Cotton, flanked by Arkansas Rep. French Hill, repeated Trump's defense that the president will not release their taxes while under IRS audit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Senator Cotton Defends Trump Not Releasing Taxes at Rowdy Town Hall 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I'm wondering if you'll take the initiative to have them release those returns so we can see what kinds of connections they have with different countries around the world," one attendee asked.
"As far as I'm aware, the president said he's still under audit," Cotton said to jeers.
"It doesn't take a lot of effort to find out where Donald Trump has connections overseas, they normally have their names on buildings," Cotton added.
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 21, 2017
Republicans across the country have returned home this year to face town halls filled with Trump opponents eager to give members of Congress an earful. At one point during Monday's town hall in Little Rock the crowd erupted into a "lock them up chant" when discussing Trump's foreign policy.
One questioner referred to Congressional Republicans as "you two kindergarten kids up there."
Cotton is no stranger to rowdy town halls with constituents. They faced a similarly tough crowd in February as Republicans were crafting legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
At the time, Trump tweeted that the outrage has been "planned out by liberal activists."
A Collingwood man is facing impaired driving charges after a OPP say a pedestrian was struck in the Blue mountains. Police were called to highway 26 and Timmons street around 10:30 Thursday night to reports of a pedestrian being hit and the suspect vehicle taking off. The victim was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. Police eventually located the driver. A 28 year old man was arrested and is facing a list of charges.
People buy flags to celebrate Pakistan's independence day, in Lahore, Pakistan, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. The nation will celebrate their 70th Independence Day on Monday, having gained its independence from British colonial rule in 1947. K.M. Chaudary AP Photo
BEIJING — An explosion at a chemical plant in eastern China has killed four people, a state news agency reported Sunday.
Six other people were injured in the blast Saturday at the Jinshan Chemical Plant Co., in Linshu County in Shandong province southeast of Beijing, the Xinhua News Agency said.
The company's owner was in police custody and the cause of the blast is under investigation, Xinhua said.
President Trump has a simple message for the complex North Korea conundrum: “Gotta behave.”
Trump gave their two-word prescription Monday morning when asked by a reporter at the White House Easter Egg Roll. The president has been tweeting warnings at North Korea for weeks as the dictatorship ramps up provocative missile tests.
Vice President Pence, speaking near the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea on Monday, delivered a similar steely statement, saying the “era of strategic patience is over.” Pence, expressing impatience with the speed and willingness of the regime to end its nuclear weapons program, said Trump was hopeful that China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure Pyongyang to abandon its weapons.
“President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change,” Pence said. “We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
Later Monday, Pence reiterated that “all options were on the table” to deal with the threat posed by Pyongyang. They said any use of nuclear weapons would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.” Speaking alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn, Pence said the American commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable.”
A day earlier, deputy national security adviser K.T. MacFarland told Fox News' Chris Wallace on “Fox News Sunday” that North Korea was a problem for everybody in the region, including China – the North's strongest ally.
“North Korea is a liability to everybody and it's a threat not just to the United States, not just to South Korea, not just to Japan, not just to Russia, but it's actually a threat to China as well.”
H.R. McMaster, Trump's top national security adviser, told ABC's “This Week” the U.S. would rely on its allies as well as Chinese leadership to solve the issues with North Korea.
McMaster cited Trump's recent decision to order missile strikes in Syria after a chemical attack blamed on the Assad government as a sign that the president “is clearly comfortable making tough decisions.” But at the same time, McMaster said, “it's time for us to undertake all actions we can, short of a military option, to try to resolve this peacefully.”
A North Korean missile exploded during launch on Sunday, U.S. and South Korean officials said. The high-profile failure came as the North tried to showcase its nuclear and missile capabilities around the birth anniversary of the North's late founder and as a U.S. aircraft carrier neared the Korean Peninsula.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Relatives react at the funeral of Ayhan Arik, a victim of an attack by a gunman at Reina nightclub, in Istanbul, Turkey, January 1, 2017. ( Osman Orsal/Reuters )
Join us on our podcast each weekday for an interesting story, well told, from Charisma News. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
It described the Reina nightclub, where many foreigners as well as Turks were killed, as a gathering point for Christians celebrating their "apostate holiday." The attack, it said, was revenge for Turkish military involvement in Syria.
"The apostate Turkish government should know that the blood of Muslims shed with airplanes and artillery fire will, with God's permission, ignite a fire in their own land," the Islamic State declaration said.
There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
The jihadist group has been blamed for at least half a dozen attacks on civilian targets in Turkey over the past 18 months but, other than targeted assassinations, this is the first time it has directly claimed any of them. It made the statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method used after attacks elsewhere.
NATO member Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into neighboring Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders, sending in tanks and special forces backed by fighter jets.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed at the exclusive nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus waterway. Twenty-five of the dead were foreigners, according to the state-run Anadolu news agency.
Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged gunman taken from security footage. State broadcaster TRT Haber said eight people had been detained in Istanbul.
The authorities believe the attacker may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect they had links to Islamic State, the Hurriyet newspaper said. It said they may be from the same cell responsible for a gun-and-bomb attack on Istanbul's main airport in June, in which 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded.
The attack at Reina, popular with Turkish celebrities and wealthy visitors, shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in Istanbul and elsewhere, some blamed on Islamic State, others claimed by Kurdish militants.
advertisement
They pulled their Kalashnikov rifle from a suitcase at the side of the road, opened fire on those at the door, then threw two hand grenades after entering, Haberturk said, without citing its sources. It said six empty magazines were found at the scene and that they were estimated to have fired at least 180 bullets.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by "lone wolves" on "celebrations, gatherings and clubs."
In a statement hours after the shooting, President Tayyip Erdoğan said such attacks aimed to create chaos and destabilize the country.
Four months into its operation in Syria, the Turkish army and the rebels it backs are besieging the Islamic State-held town of al-Bab. Erdoğan has said they want them to continue to Raqqa, the jihadists' Syrian stronghold.
Turkey has also been cracking down on Islamic State networks at home. In counter-terrorism operations between Dec 26-Jan 2, Turkish police detained 147 people over links to the group and formally arrested 25 of them, the interior ministry said.
Islamic State's Amaq website said the group was behind a car bomb attack that killed 11 people and wounded 100 in the city of Diyarbakir in November, but Turkish authorities denied this and said Kurdish militants carried out the attack.
The Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead as they gave a speech in Ankara on Dec. 19 by an off-duty police officer who shouted "Don't forget Aleppo" and "Allahu Akbar."
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein and Ahmed Tolba in Cairo; Editing by Giles Elgood and Ralph Boulton)
© 2016 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
GRUNDY COUNTY, Tenn. (WKRN) – Skeletal remains were discovered in remote area of Grundy County Friday morning.
The Grundy County Sheriff's Office reported the remains were found in Altamont.
An anthropology team was called to excavate the scene and the remains have been turned over the State Medical Examiner's Office.
No additional information was immediately released.
Copyright WKRN 2017. All rights reserved.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The Dow Jones plunged 472 points Tuesday as the Italian political crisis that roiled global markets overnight stretched to Wall Street.
Over the weekend, Italian President Sergio Mattarella used their veto power to prevent the formation of a coalition government by the political parties known as the 5-Star Movement and the League. That spurred fears of a snap election that could come as soon as this fall and could essentially become a referendum on Italy's membership in the euro, a process being termed "Italexit" or "Quitaly."
A departure by Italy would destabilize the eurozone — and the prospect of Europe's third-largest economy bailing on the shared currency sparked a selloff in the U.S. as traders pared positions and rushed to safer assets such as gold and the Japanese yen.
“The political dysfunction in Italy, and worries that Spain could take a similar path, are buffeting markets worldwide as uncertainty breeds volatility," Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com, told NBC News. "Uncertainty around Italy and the broader eurozone are an excuse for traders, not investors, to sell first and ask questions later."
On Tuesday, the rate on the U.S. 10-year note fell to 2.86 percent while the German 10-year rate hovered at 0.276 percent. The S&P 500 fell by around one and a quarter percent.
Many remain skeptical that Italy would actually take the step of leaving the euro, predicting that such a move would result in a massive economic shock that would hurt the populist government's constituents most.
"The irony is that the League's electoral base has more to lose from redenomination, bank failure, a high fiscal burden and inflation," Ian Bremmer, president of the global political research firm Eurasia Group told NBC News.
The European Commission's Eurobarometer survey, which rates member states' position on the euro, currently ranks Italian support at 59 percent.
"Quitalty" might be "interesting to speculate about," said Bremmer, but "it's not what any Italian government is about to seriously consider."
The suspect in custody after what New York City officials called an "attempted terrorist attack" near Times Square this morning told authorities they are self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was hospitalized after they were badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms, sources said.
Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, entered the United States seven years ago on a family-based visa and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said.
The explosive was assembled in their apartment, sources said.
Authorities called the explosive an "improvised low-tech explosive device" that was held on the suspect with Velcro and zip ties.
Jason Szenes/EPA
The explosive detonated at about 7:20 a.m. in a subway passageway between Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said hearing of a bomb in the subway is "one of our worst nightmares."
Three people were injured, but none of their wounds appear to be life-threatening, the FDNY said.
The FBI is now searching several Brooklyn locations.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – A Shively police officer is under investigation after a meme mocking the aftermath of a vehicle that was driven into a crowd in Charlottesville, killing a woman and injuring several others, was posted on social media.
Shively Police Department Lt. Col. Josh Myers said the meme was allegedly posted on officer Morris Rinehardt's Facebook page.
RELATED STORY: Charlottesville attack suspect denied bond
The post featured the vehicle James Field Jr., 20, allegedly drove into a crowd protesting against white nationalists in Charlottesville and read “When you were born to be a Challenger but identify as a Ram.”
Heather Heyer, 32, was killed in the attack and 19 others were injured.
Myers will hold a press conference to release more information about the post at 1:30 p.m. Monday.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Mexican and U.S. Breweries Team up to Make Beer Mocking Trump
The CEO Mexican Brewery Cru Cru wanted to show President Trump the companies on both sides of the border can collaborate to make "great products."
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - An explosion damaged a UPS freight hub Wednesday morning in Kentucky's second-largest city, sending multiple people to the hospital in what fire officials described as an accidental blast.
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells said a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building, news outlets reported. The cause of the explosion was not yet known, but the blast wasn't suspicious.
"Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion," the fire department tweeted.
The building on Blue Sky Parkway sustained significant damage, which was visible in the back of the building. The facility had been evacuated and everyone was accounted for, fire officials said.
Eight people received medical attention following the blast, Wells said. Two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions, and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution, Wells said. Fire officials initially said about a dozen people received medical attention.
Lexington fire department spokesperson Jessica Bowman said the building's structural stability was being checked as part of an effort to determine what happened and how.
Businesses near the site reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT. Emergency crews rushed to the scene and restricted access to the area.
The blast was felt inside other buildings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JUNEAU, Alaska — An Alaska lawmaker is resigning after being accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking last month, the second rural Alaska representative to leave office under a cloud in recent months.
The resignation of first-term Democratic state Rep. Zach Fansler of Bethel was announced on the House floor Friday and will be effective Feb. 12.
Zach Fansler Mark Thiessen / AP file
Fansler had faced pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week, since the Juneau Empire reported last Saturday that a woman had accused them of hitting them shortly before the legislative session began last month.
House leaders had already reassigned Fansler's staff and asked that they turn in their office keys.
House Speaker Bryce Edgmon told reporters they had spoken with Fansler "at least a couple of times" this week and made it clear that the caucus continued to seek their resignation.
Edgmon said Fansler did good work as a legislator and it's been a difficult issue for Fansler, the caucus and Fansler's district.
Fansler's attorney, Wally Tetlow of Anchorage, on Saturday said their client denied the allegations against him. Tetlow has not returned messages since then.
Fansler's departure will mean there will be another vacancy in the House.  They are the second member in two months to resign from the House majority coalition, which is comprised largely of Democrats.
Related: Here's a list of political figures accused of sexual misconduct
In December, another first-term representative, Democrat Dean Westlake of Kotzebue, resigned after being accused by female aides of unwanted touching and inappropriate comments. Westlake has said he's sorry if they made anyone uncomfortable.
Westlake's replacement took office on Wednesday.
For race eight of 36, the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series heads to its second short track this season, Bristol Motor Speedway, after a much-needed off weekend for Easter.
Thirty-nine cars are entered for Sunday's Food City 500, meaning that all 39 have a guaranteed spot in the race, barring any entry list changes.
Some notable changes for this weekend include a new primary sponsor for Austin Dillon in New Era Cap on the No. 3 Chevrolet, Mobil 1 Annual Protection hopping aboard Danica Patrick‘s No. 10 Ford, SunnyD making an appearance on Ricky Stenhouse Jr.‘s No. 17 Ford, Sport Clips sponsoring Erik Jones‘ No. 77 Toyota for the first time in 2017 and Nationwide back on Dale Earnhardt Jr.‘s No. 88.
The Food City 500 is scheduled to go green just past 1 p.m. ET on FOX from the 0.533-mile bullring on the border of Virginia and Tennessee. The defending race winner is Carl Edwards.
People and families affected by dementia in the Ballymena area will now be able to access support and services at Alzheimer's Society new office in Cullybackey.
Alzheimer's Society's new office was officially opened by the Mid and East Antrim Mayor Paul Reid, who said: “I congratulate and thank those involved in delivering this crucial service which will be a real lifeline for everyone affected by dementia.”
Alzheimer's Society was brought to the area in 2006 by Valerie Guthrie and their mother Margaret who both started a volunteer fundraising group for the charity just before Valerie's father passed away with dementia in 2007. Valerie has been the Dementia Support Worker now for almost four years.
Adrian Friel, Alzheimer's Society, said: “In the 11 years Alzheimer's Society has been in the Antrim/Ballymena area, we've already seen huge changes, and we are overjoyed to open this brand-new office to ensure we can now offer a modern professional service to anyone who may need information support and signposting.”
Valerie added: “Being diagnosed with dementia can be a daunting and bewildering experience, but with proper support from your dementia support worker and other staff members we can together enable people to take control of their lives and make sense of what is happening to them.
“As well as providing individual support through one to one dementia support visits, we run local services including activity groups and monthly carers support groups in Antrim and Ballymena.
“We offer awareness sessions, Dementia Information Programmes, and an in-depth, free four-week Training for Informal Caregivers programme available to anyone who provides unpaid care to a person with dementia, however informally.
“In September we are excited about welcoming the Dementia Community Roadshow to the area and would love everyone to join us at our events at Antrim Area Hospital on September 7 and Creative Gardens, Galgorm on September 8.”
Alzheimer's Society has a National Dementia Helpline available to anyone who needs advice on dementia, or just needs a friendly ear to listen – 0300 222 1122 – and has information available online at alzheimers.org.uk
Your open house helps me more than it helps you. goodluz/ShutterstockThe majority of visitors aren't buyers—they're nosy neighbors—and that gives me an opportunity to hand out my card and possibly gain new clients. Try out these genius tips for taking the best photos of your home to get it ready to sell.
Scents matter viennetta/ShutterstockPlug-in air fresheners are a turnoff to a lot of people. If you want your house to smell good, bake cookies right before a showing. Don't have cookie mix on hand? You can also try out these simple deodorizer ideas to make your home smell fresh.
Don't turn people away because of a mess Monika-Wisniewska/Shutterstock If you get a call saying that some buyers want to see your house in 15 minutes, let them in even if it's a bit messy. Those last-minute types typically make impulsive decisions, and they just might decide to buy a house that day. Try out these If you get a call saying that some buyers want to see your house in 15 minutes, let them in even if it's a bit messy. Those last-minute types typically make impulsive decisions, and they just might decide to buy a house that day. Try out these 12 storage hacks to banish clutter
Content continues below ad
Don't push away a low offer goodluz/ShutterstockIn this kind of market, don't be offended by a low-ball offer. You have a better chance of getting that person to pay than finding someone new. Finally sold the house? Here are some tips for packing that will make your life much easier.
Ask to get what you paid for Solis-Images/ShutterstockIf I'm hugely successful, you may not get the benefit of my experience. A well-known agent may pass you off to a junior agent after you sign the contract. Ask me exactly who will be handling your phone calls, marketing your house, and taking you to look at homes before you sign to ensure you get exactly what you're paying for. Watch out for these 15 ways that moving companies scam you.
Read before you sign Valeri-Potapova/ShutterstockMake sure you read my listing or buyer's contract carefully before signing it. There may be an extra “administrative fee” ranging from $250 to $1,500 on top of my standard commission, intended to cover my brokerage's administrative costs. Similar to my commission, this fee is negotiable.
Content continues below ad
Don't skip the final walk-through wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock It's your last chance to make sure that repairs were done properly, that the owner's personal items have been removed, and that the items you agreed should stay are still there. I've seen stoves, washers and dryers, and beautiful chandeliers walk right out the door. It's your last chance to make sure that repairs were done properly, that the owner's personal items have been removed, and that the items you agreed should stay are still there. I've seen stoves, washers and dryers, and beautiful chandeliers walk right out the door.
Beware of seller's agents who overestimate your house's selling price. Andy-Dean-Photography/Shutterstock They're hoping you'll choose them over other agents who will price it more realistically. We call that “buying your listing,” and it guarantees your house will sit on the market for a very long time. They're hoping you'll choose them over other agents who will price it more realistically. We call that “buying your listing,” and it guarantees your house will sit on the market for a very long time.
Houses without furniture don't look larger. Monkey-Business-Images/Shutterstock Empty rooms may actually appear smaller because the buyers can't get a sense of how much furniture will fit. These are the Empty rooms may actually appear smaller because the buyers can't get a sense of how much furniture will fit. These are the personal details that your home can reveal about you
Content continues below ad
Clear the counters Breadmaker/ShutterstockMy No. 1 selling tip: Clear off counter tops in the bathrooms and kitchen. Americans love that wide-open counter space. Here are some other simple upgrades that add value to your home.
Don't trust realty websites to price your home Roman-Samborskyi/ShutterstockFor an estimate of property values in certain states, check zillow.com, but don't lock on to that number. Desktop appraisal systems assess how nearby homes with similar square footage have sold; they don't consider home interior.
Watch out for my references Sata-Production/ShutterstockIf I'm new in the business, my references are likely to be relatives or good friends. So when you call, always ask how they found me.
Content continues below ad
I can't tell you everything, but you can find out yourself rawmn/ShutterstockI can't share the economic standing or predominant ethnic background of the people in the area or the local crime rate. If I did, I would violate Fair Housing laws. So look them up yourself!
The commission is always negotiable upfront, before you sign a contract wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock You can even make it part of the transaction. If you and your buyer are $4,000 apart, for example, ask the agents if they are willing to reduce their commissions by $2,000 each to bring the deal together. You can even make it part of the transaction. If you and your buyer are $4,000 apart, for example, ask the agents if they are willing to reduce their commissions by $2,000 each to bring the deal together.
Staging your home can help AnnaTamila/ShutterstockYes, staging your home by getting rid of clutter and bringing in furniture or accessories can help it sell. But music, champagne glasses next to the bed and fake pies on the countertop? That's going overboard, and it will turn some buyers off. Here are some helpful tips and tricks to staging your home.
Content continues below ad
That big commission check doesn't go straight into my pocket Andrey_Popov/Shutterstock First I divide it with my brokerage, and then most of us have to pay our own expenses, including the sign we put outside your house, your lockbox, access to the MLS, association membership and more. At the end of the day, out of that $6,000, I may really just be getting $2,500. First I divide it with my brokerage, and then most of us have to pay our own expenses, including the sign we put outside your house, your lockbox, access to the MLS, association membership and more. At the end of the day, out of that $6,000, I may really just be getting $2,500.
Ask about my history Kinga/ShutterstockEven if I've had my license a few years, I may be a soccer coach moonlighting as a real estate agent, and yours may be the first home I've tried to sell in years. Ask how many transactions I completed last year, and Google my name to see if it comes up on real estate forums and websites.
It might make more sense for you to rent Monkey-Business-Images/Shutterstock It often costs less, gives you the flexibility to move at a moment's notice and you won't have to shell out a lot of cash for unexpected repairs. It often costs less, gives you the flexibility to move at a moment's notice and you won't have to shell out a lot of cash for unexpected repairs.
Content continues below ad
Your neighbors make you look good NinaMalyna/Shutterstock If your house is for sale and the lawn next door is starting to look overgrown, cut the dang grass for your neighbors. It's a small thing, but it can make a huge difference. If your house is for sale and the lawn next door is starting to look overgrown, cut the dang grass for your neighbors. It's a small thing, but it can make a huge difference. Refreshing the exterior paint on your home can also increase it's value.
We don't like agents who rush wavebreakmedia/ShutterstockAs a rule, we don't like people who roll out of bed, do a two-week course and all of a sudden they're an agent. If I have an agent I have to teach on the other end of the table and someone else brings me an offer at the same time, I will encourage my clients to take the other offer.
I've walked in on a lot goodluz/ShutterstockI've walked in on homeless people squatting, on couples having sex and more. As a real estate agent, our safety is compromised every time we walk into an empty house.
Content continues below ad
Filmmaker and photographer Geoffrey Whitman was sitting on their back porch yesterday when they noticed a group of wasps picking away at a dead dragonfly. Smartly, they pulled out their camera to document this rarely seen insectoid feast in all its gruesome glory.
Wasps belong to a different family of insects than bees and ants, and they participate in a wide range of ecological roles, from predator through to parasite. As carnivores, some wasps are happy to forage for food, typically feasting on the odd insect or spider. As Whitman's new video shows, wasps are also known to eat one of their more fearsome natural predators—the crafty dragonfly.
The video shows a group of wasps taking turns at the carcass, feverishly picking away at the meat. At one point (starting at the 0:19 mark) you can even see a pair of wasps fighting over a single chunk of meat (wasps, unlike bees, are solitary insects, so they don't really care for one another). By the end of the video, the only thing that's left is the dragonfly's empty exoskeleton.
Whitman says it's the most compelling video he's ever made, but to do it, they had to overcome their natural aversion to stinging insects.
“I may have finally overcome my near-lifelong fear of stinging insects,” Whitman told Gizmodo. “I got swarmed by hornets as a child while out picking blueberries with my mom and brother. They saved me from worse stings by aggressively batting them away with tree branches as we ran for our lives—you could say my mom's hardcore—and I've been scared of all forms of stinging flying jerks ever since. But to get the shots I wanted, I had to get right up in the wasp's grills, [and] I always had four or five of them buzzing around my head—they were oddly curious about the camera.”
Whitman says the whole process took about three hours, but they regrettably missed the part where the wasps got the dragonfly's head.
“I stopped filming once the dragonfly's carapace was empty of meat,” they said. “But oddly enough, when I went back later in the day after editing the video there was no sign of even the hard carapace or wings. I think the wasps may have done a ‘use the whole animal' scenario on this guy.”
More Watches these Posts:
Moon Alert
We have the “all clear” today to shop and do business. The Moon is in Libra.
Aries (March 21-April 19)
Today you will have to go more than halfway when dealing with others because the Moon is in a sign that is opposite your sign. That's just how it works. This happens for two days every month. No biggie. Just suck it up and play ball. (Tough love.)
Taurus (April 20-May 20)
You're determined to be efficient, focused and ready to meet whatever lands up on your plate. You want to feel that you are being productive this week; and that you're getting the best results for your efforts. Go for it! You can do this.
Gemini (May 21-June 20)
Today you are a Friday person in a Monday world. (Play hooky – if you can.) That's because parties, sports, fun social diversions and playful times with children will appeal more than working hard. Nevertheless, Mars will help you work hard – if you want to.
Cancer (June 21-July 22)
Home, family and your private life have a strong pull today. An interaction with a female family relative, perhaps mom, will be significant. You might want to cocoon at home if you get the chance. Too much play means you need more rest.
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22)
This is a fabulous, fun-loving week! Today you're keen to communicate to others, especially to line up some fun events! Make plans to enjoy good times with others. Sports events and playful times with children plus romantic escapes are what you have in mind!
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Take care of banking needs today. Keep an eye on your cash flow and possessions. Focus on earnings and money. (You might have redecorating plans for your home or other plans for old family business.)
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Today the Moon is in your sign, which makes you more emotional than usual. (It happens for two days every month. We all go through it.) But the good news is that when the Moon is in your sign, you have a bit of extra good luck! Oh yeah. Ask the universe for a favour!
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You're pumped with energy because fiery Mars is in your sign. This makes you forthright, direct and a little bit pushy. Naturally, you will get a lot done but you might be a bit overbearing. Trust your moneymaking ideas. Try something from the past and run it up the flagpole again.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
There are four planets in your sign today, which means the entire world is full of Sagittarian energy! Naturally, this puts you in the driver's seat. Admittedly, Mercury retrograde is happening in your sign, which is why you misplace things and encounter silly errors. Aaggh!
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Although you are physically involved with group activities; nevertheless, you prefer to work alone or behind the scenes right now. It's a great time for research because you will be able to offer solutions to old problems from the past.
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
This will be a popular week for you! Many of you will run into old faces – either friends or members of groups from your past. You will also be involved with creative, artistic people. They might listen to you now because your ambition is aroused and you're coming on like gangbusters!
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20)
Plan on getting things done this week because bosses, parents and VIPs admire you and think you're the cats meow. (It's all lighting – but then lighting is lighting.) Travel plans for the future appeal. You might also want to test your luck in publishing, the media, medicine and the law.
If Your Birthday Is Today
Actor/director Rider Strong (1979) shares your birthday today. You are warm, friendly, assertive and very attentive. You are also very frank. You will be more involved with others this year. Personal responsibilities with friends and family will be important, as will your service to others. Because of this, it's wise to you take care of yourself. Why not explore a makeover or do something that is rejuvenating?
Oxlade-Chamberlain sustains bad injury, doubt for World Cup – ABS-CBN News
ABS-CBN News Oxlade-Chamberlain sustains bad injury, doubt for World Cup
ABS-CBN News
Liverpool's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain grimaces on the ground after getting injured during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Giancarlo Stanton said to be ‘very happy' over trade to Yankees
Giancarlo Stanton may have had to settle on less than their first choice when they accepted a trade to the New York Yankees, but they are apparently excited about their new home.
Jon Heyman of FanRag Sports spoke with a friend of Stanton, and the 28-year-old slugger is said to be “very happy” that they will be wearing pinstripes next season.
Giancarlo Stanton, who's passed their physical and is officially a Yankee, is said by a friend to be “very happy” with how it turned out. Press conferrence is at 2 et tomorrow. — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) December 11, 2017
There were rumblings earlier in the offseason that Stanton wanted to play on the west coast, which is why the San Francisco Giants were considered the favorite. It also seems like Stanton had a clear-cut top choice on their wish list, but getting a chance to play for one of the most storied franchises in sports in one of the biggest markets in the country is a nice consolation prize.
With Stanton and Aaron Judge in the middle of their lineup, the Yankees should be perennial title contenders once again.
The increase in oil prices due to rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East has a big impact not only on the consumers' driving habits but also on businesses internationally.
More specifically, according to the Fuel Prices Monitor, the highest selling price of gasoline yesterday, 29th of May 2018, in Cyprus was 1,359 per liter at a petrol filling station in Larnaca, while the lowest price (1,24 per liter) was noted at a filling station in Limassol.
High oil prices are raising concerns of local businesses, which will be forced to change their pricing policy in order not to be negatively affected.
It is to be noted that the companies which are expected to be more affected are transport companies (distributors), companies that are constantly using motor fuels, as well as companies which use oil as fuel for their equipment maintenance.
Speaking on behalf of Cyprus Employers and Industrialists Federation (OEB), Antonis Frangoudis, Director of OEB's Business Development and Economic Affairs Department, explained that energy prices are extremely important for businesses, since energy management, along with the proper management of staff, money and raw material can have a decisive role in determining products' final prices.
That was slow. Uber on Android Wear was promised during I/O 2015, a full 21 months ago. Okay, that's not exactly two years as the title states, but it's pretty darn near. However, in the time since the announcement, there has been no sign of Uber supporting Android Wear beyond the usual notification on your wrist. Requesting a ride? Not possible (without third-party apps). Checking your ride's map and progress? Nope. As a matter of fact, the internet is full of instances of people wondering what happened to that Uber Wear app, like so and so.
Today is the day that promise gets finally fulfilled: Uber is now available on Android Wear 2.0. Tough luck if you don't have a new Android Wear 2.0 watch, you'll have to wait until the one on your wrist gets updated to the new Wear version. Even tougher luck if your current watch will never get Wear 2.0.
On the upside though, this means that the new Uber app is standalone. It can be installed on your watch without also being on your phone and it can work by itself, no companion app needed. You can request rides without your phone, quickly choose bookmarked destinations like your home or work, check the prices and ETAs, see your driver's progress before they get to you and the car model and plate number, then follow along the ride once you're inside the car.
Here's the full changelog, and remember that you can download Uber directly from the Play Store on your watch. The service's competitor, Lyft, is still MIA from Android Wear 2.0. Lyft previously had an Android Wear app, but it was removed a while ago and hasn't resurfaced. Odds are the company is also working on its standalone Wear 2.0 app.
A San Antonio family is ushering in the holidays with an extreme light show, yet again.
The Star Wars-themed extravaganza features Darth Vader audio clips, Star Wars music, and 15,000 lights are the latest Christmas light show from Matt Johnson and their family.
The elaborate light display continues the tradition and unique style of fast-paced, high-energy, Dubstep and EDM remixed synchronized light displays created by Johnson in 2015.
The family decided to use EDM musician and producer Celldweller's remix of "The Imperial March" that has gone viral in its own right.
The spectacle was shut down early in 2015 after going viral due to crowds and standstill traffic.
Creator Johnson said moved the display this year to a friend's home, where there was better traffic flow on no Home Association rules.
Johnson's company "Living Light Shows" has orchestrated light shows across the country, including the San Antonio Zoo light display.
This isn't the families first foray into the spotlight. They competed in ABC's "The Great Christmas Light Fight" in 2015.
This 2017-Star Wars light show is located in downtown San Antonio, Texas at Dignowity Park and runs nightly from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. until New Years. The show Celebrates the launch of the new movie Star Wars The Last Jedi which will be released December 15th.
See the family's 2015 dubstep inspired Christmas lights display below:
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Brazil defender Thiago Silva thinks the special attention Neymar is getting from defenders at the World Cup is "normal" because their skills make them difficult to stop.
Neymar, who only returned from a fractured metatarsal last month, looked close to their best on Monday when Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 to reach the quarter-finals in Russia.
Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar was often at the centre of things, as they scored and played a key role in Roberto Firmino getting the second.
But they also received criticism for what Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio described as "acting" when Miguel Layun appeared to step on their ankle.
However, Silva does not believe rough treatment is anything new for Neymar.
"This is normal because [Neymar] has many qualities," Silva told reporters. "The players who defend against them make fouls because it's always hard to defend Neymar and take the ball without fouling him. But it was a tough game."
In the last eight Brazil will face Belgium, who came from two goals down to sensationally beat Japan 3-2 with a dramatic stoppage-time winner from Nacer Chadli.
Silva recognises the talent at Roberto Martinez's disposal, but is adamant Brazil are the favourites regardless of the opposition.
"Belgium are very strong physically and technically," the centre-back said. "Belgium deserves to play in the last 16.
"I think that in all competitions Brazil is the favourite, but we know that's not enough. We have to work hard and give our best in every game if we want to win the title.
"We will continue to work and rest well because Friday's game will be even more difficult."
False asset declaration allegation: Tribunal acquits Saraki on all charges
– Sweet victory for democracy – Ekweremadu – Fayose hails Saraki's CCT triumph CODE OF CONDUCT Tribunal, CCT, yesterday in Abuja discharged and acquitted the Senate president, Dr. Bukola Saraki, in the 18-count charges of false declaration of assets brought against them since September 2015 by the federal government. The tribunal held that the evidence […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
My friend came round for Sunday morning coffee last week (too early for cocktails, however you could argue that it is never too early for a Mojito).
As we sat in the garden putting the world to rights, bitching about men and discussing how insecure and totally dependent some are, and how draining some relationships can be, I had another light bulb moment. I actually felt quite empowered and very grateful that I was a woman and felt quite sorry for men. Cogs were turning at quite an alarming rate for a Sunday as I started to think – will any man ever live up to the expectation of a strong, confident, independent woman?
A large majority of women today know what they want in a man, they know what turns them on, what excites them in and out of bed. The problem is as women grow stronger; men equivocally become weaker and needier. So how does this translate – well for a man it doesn't look good, because the stakes are higher. A woman that knows their own mind takes no prisoners, female standards have reached such a pinnacle that even Mr Grey would be inadequate.
For a single woman finding Mr Right could end up consuming almost everything that you do! It can influence what you wear, how you present yourself, your behaviour and scarily even the social circles that you move in. Finding your equal intellectually, sexually and emotionally is almost impossible and the mechanisms available to map your pathway into the arms of a 10/10 seem like tools from the dark ages.
To find ‘the one' unless divine providence intervenes. The chance of you walking down the street, oblivious to your environment and knocking into or over the man of your dreams in reality isn't going to happen. So let's explore the mechanisms and options that we have.
Option One: Stick to what you know and are familiar with – translates into either dating a friend or colleague from work. Quite a safe option, you probably spend a lot of time around him, they make you smile, you laugh at their jokes, you might have shared the odd flirtatious moment, so the ice has already been broken and the foundations set. I could, wearing either my pragmatic or down right cynical hat state ‘familiarity breeds contempt', but I won't!
Option Two: Put yourself out there and on there – now depending on what you are looking for in a man this could lead to a split of pathways. The first pathway which can yield positive results if you believe everything you hear and see from dating sites, is to sign up and subscribe away each moment of your spare time checking your inbox for matches and messages. You know you have friends who have the applications not just on their computers but also on their phones. They are constantly updating, editing, uploading and waiting, forever waiting for a man to judge them by how they look. Forget all the crap about matching criteria and interests and ask yourself what are you initially attracted to when you see somebody. Superficial I know, but when a man has only pictures and a resume of likes and dislikes on your profile, they are going to be looking at aesthetics.
The second pathway leads us away from the world of virtualisation and into the realms of scary reality, going out with the girls or friends in the hope that they will be there. So every weekend, maybe even some evenings after work, you apply your war paint, shimmer into your feminine armoury and spend the night propping up a bar stool or displaying your battle moves round a square foot of a dance floor. Now I would argue that this technique based on my article about the ‘art of seduction' and games that we women play are not going to reap rewards. Looking lost and quite desperate at a bar or strutting yourself in a confined space isn't very attractive. Trying to get noticed, does get you noticed by men, but not necessarily the man of your dreams, and certainly not for the right reasons.
Option Three: Friends with benefits or boundaries. You have to ask yourself, do you really want to be tied down, when you could be socially and sexually fulfilled by a friend(s) with benefits/boundaries? Think of the positives – you get your dinner dates, cinema nights, cultural events, social occasions and you get to sleep together, no hang-ups, no jealousy, no emotional ties, no …… what a load of crap! Have you never heard of the expression ‘cake and eat it'! Yes for a man it's a win-win situation they get sex with no effort, but what do you get – self-worth?
Are there more options, I am sure in our desperation to find the perfect match us women have gone to hell and back to pursue every possible mechanism available to attract, charm and seduce the mind and heart of a man. Which brings me back to my girly conversation on Sunday …… why? Why do we put ourselves through this, why do we let men make us feel insecure in ourselves and in the way we look and feel? Why do we change into a person that we think is more vivacious or desirable than the person we are?
Yes I have been there, done that, been made to feel everything is my fault and that I am not worthy. That I should try harder, be more understanding, giving, emphatic and speak Danish (don't ask!) But you know what if you are with somebody where you give more than 50% and they are happy to take everything up to 100%, just stop and ask yourself why?
Why live a life shackled to a computer, waiting for the right match or every Saturday night propped against a bar stool watching and waiting? If you want sex, have it but don't package it up with a ‘friends with benefits' ribbon.
So what happens now if we strip away the options and stand still on the pathways?
This is what happens! You tell yourself every day that you are worth more, and if a man cannot accept you for what you have to offer they're not the one. Compromise is wanting a weekend in New York and getting LA, compromise is a man not holding your hand but touching your fingers and making you tingle as you walk.
Compromise is not you making all the moves!
You want to be proactive, get your lip gloss out and feel confident in your own skin. Learn to love yourself more, all women are beautiful and if men do not notice this then they are not worth noticing.
So this weekend ….. Just be yourself x
Image reproduced from sunvalleydental.ca
© 2017 – 2016, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
Who is going to win the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player? If you know, please pass it along because I don't.
This isn't about not knowing who the candidates are, but about the many players for whom legitimate arguments can be made in what is a wide-open race. There is no clear-cut leader in the clubhouse and that is going to make the regular season's final two weeks all the more interesting.
Should Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov, the league's scoring leader, be the MVP? What about Nathan MacKinnon powering Colorado to an unexpected shot at the playoffs? Is it Pittsburgh's Evgeni Malkin of the reigning two-time Stanley Cup champions?
That only scratches the surface. Anze Kopitar's massive comeback season kept the Kings afloat without Jeff Carter. Taylor Hall has been one-man gang at times for New Jersey. And should we penalize Connor McDavid, who has been better than last year's Hart-winning season even if Edmonton is worse?
Don't worry, we aren't ignoring Washington superstar Alex Ovechkin or Winnipeg's Blake Wheeler. But the Professional Hockey Writers Assn., which votes for the Hart, is going to formally release its members' ballots for the first time in the name of transparency. And there's no shortage of worthy winners.
This will be more grist for the Twitter mill because this vote is going to be a tough one. Let the arguments begin. (Records in parentheses as of Sunday's games):
1. Predators (47-14-10). The record over the past 14 games is 13-0-1. Seven of those wins have come on the road. Are they the Stanley Cup favorite? (2)
2. Bruins (45-17-8). Can banged-up Boston actually catch Tampa Bay for the Atlantic title? Handing the Lightning its first shutout of the season helps there. (3)
3. Lightning (49-19-4). Kucherov scores twice Sunday against Edmonton to help Tampa Bay respond after consecutive home losses. (1)
4. Jets (43-19-10). Patrik Laine's second-half scoring tear now has them at 43 to catch Alex Ovechkin for the NHL lead. (4)
5. Maple Leafs (43-22-7). Journeyman goalie Curtis McElhinney got one of the NHL's Three Stars for last week, stopping 81 of 88 shots in winning three games. (6)
6. Wild (41-24-7). Special night for Las Vegas-raised Jason Zucker as Nevada's first NHL product scored a goal and assisted on another in winning their first game in their hometown. (7)
7. Golden Knights (46-21-5). Worked over pretty good by New Jersey and Minnesota at home but William Karlsson's improbable season continues. Natural hat trick Sunday has them at 39 goals. (5)
8. Sharks (40-23-9). All the right notes are being struck. Timo Meier and Tomas Hertl hit the 20-goal mark and deadline acquisition Evander Kane gets four against Calgary. Huge. (10)
9. Capitals (41-24-7). Lost amid “The Great 8” getting their 600th goal is T.J. Oshie regaining their scoring touch. Winger went 19 games without one but got three in back-to-back wins over the Islanders. (9)
10. Penguins (41-26-5). Does Malkin get the bookend to their 2012 Hart? They have been spectacular with only three pointless games over their past 22. Nineteen goals and 21 assists over that span. (8)
11. Ducks (37-24-12). The foursome of Cam Fowler, Hampus Lindholm, Josh Manson and Brandon Montour is playing big minutes on an increasingly stingy defense. As they should. Lean on them. (12)
12. Avalanche (39-25-8). Lost amid the nightly brilliance that has been MacKinnon is point-producing defenseman Tyson Barrie getting at least one in 10 straight. (14)
13. Blue Jackets (39-28-5). Cam Atkinson and Boone Jenner have struggled mightily at times but both are playing their best hockey right now in their huge seven-game win streak. (15)
14. Kings (39-27-6). A gigantic four-game road trip begins Monday at Minnesota. On deck: Winnipeg, Colorado, Edmonton. Six points out of the eight possible might be a must. (13)
15. Blues (39-28-5). If there is criticism about Alex Pietrangelo's leadership abilities, it's unwarranted. The captain stepped up with a massive week to lead St. Louis back into playoff contention. (19)
16. Flyers (37-25-11). Took the season series with Washington with the third win in four matchups Sunday. They could be a dangerous foe the Capitals want to avoid in the first round. (17)
17. Devils (37-27-8). A little stumble Sunday in Anaheim, but three wins to open a big road trip were critical. Hall's 77 points are 31 more than their next closest teammate. (18)
18. Stars (38-27-8). Penalty kill has allowed seven goals in five-game losing streak and now Ben Bishop is hurt again. Wins are needed fast, but it might be on Kari Lehtonen to save the season. (11)
19. Panthers (35-27-7). Great late-season run is losing steam. Failure to score on six power plays in home loss to Edmonton proves damaging to playoff hopes. (16)
20. Rangers (32-32-8). Michael Grabner leads them with 25 goals. Winger was traded to New Jersey three weeks ago. It kind of says a lot, doesn't it? (23)
21. Flames (35-28-10). It doesn't get any more must-win than Monday at Arizona and then Anaheim at home Wednesday. Or even every other game after as well. (21)
22. Hurricanes (31-30-11). Sebastian Aho and Teuvo Teravainen are big parts of their future but they're in dire need of a legitimate No. 1 center. So are about 15 other teams. (20)
23. Islanders (30-32-10). Few are better in front of the net than Anders Lee, who established a career high with 35 goals. (22)
24. Oilers (31-36-5). Among their many issues is the lack of scoring on the wing. With Patrick Maroon dealt away, Milan Lucic is their top full-time producer with 10 goals and 32 points. Yikes. (24)
25. Senators (26-34-11). Won three out of four last week, but you're not going far when your goals against is second worst in a 31-team league. (28)
26. Blackhawks (30-34-9). Alex DeBrincat has been one of the few bright spots of a sideways year for Chicago. Rookie sniper got their third hat trick of the season Sunday. (25)
27. Canadiens (26-34-12). Still think Alex Galchenyuk (16 goals, 28 assists) is in need of another start somewhere else as a complementary scoring forward on a strong defensive team. (26)
28. Coyotes (23-37-11). Adin Hill's reward for collecting their first win as an NHL goalie is a ticket back to the American Hockey League. (29)
29. Red Wings (26-35-11). This team really wasn't expected to do much, but 10 consecutive losses are embarrassing. Nine have been in regulation. It's the longest winless streak since 1989. (27)
30. Sabres (23-36-12). Nicholas Baptiste's two goals helped end a 12-game losing streak to Chicago. Jack Eichel returns from an ankle injury that shelved them for 15 games. (30)
31. Canucks (25-38-9). Losses in six straight, all in regulation. But they did snap a scoreless streak of 222 minutes, 57 seconds … so there's that. (31)
Pink has revealed a new track and a full slate of U.S. tour dates. The new single, titled “Whatever You Want,” is pulled from their most recent release Beautiful Trauma, which is currently available for pre-order and is set to drop on October 13. The tour is set to kick off at the Talking Stick Resort in Phoenix on March 1 and will run through June 2 when she'll wrap at the Forum in Los Angeles. They will have direct support from Bleachers on selected dates. Beautiful Trauma 2018 Tour Dates: 03/01/18 Phoenix, AZ Talking Stick Resort Arena 03/03/18 Wichita, KS INTRUST Bank Arena 03/05/18 Tulsa, OK BOK Center 03/06/18 Lincoln, NE Pinnacle Bank Arena 03/09/18 Chicago, IL United Center 03/12/18 St. Paul, MN Xcel Energy Center 03/14/18 St. Louis, MO Scottrade Center 03/15/18 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center 03/17/18 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Fieldhouse 03/18/18 Grand Rapids, MI Van Andel Arena 03/20/18 Toronto, ON* Air Canada Centre 03/23/18 Montreal, QC* Bell Centre 03/25/18 Detroit, MI* Little Caesars Arena 03/27/18 Louisville, KY* KFC Yum! Center 03/28/18 Cleveland, OH* Quicken Loans Arena 04/04/18 New York, NY* Madison Square Garden 04/07/18 Pittsburgh, PA* PPG Paints Arena 04/09/18 Boston, MA* TD Garden 04/13/18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center 04/14/18 Newark, NJ Prudential Center 04/16/18 Washington, DC* Capital One Arena (fka Verizon Center) 04/19/18 Charlottesville, VA John Paul Jones Arena 04/21/18 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena 04/24/18 Orlando, FL Amway Center 04/25/18 Fort Lauderdale, FL BB&T Center 04/28/18 Houston, TX Toyota Center 05/01/18 Dallas, TX American Airlines Center 05/08/18 Denver, CO Pepsi Center 05/09/18 Salt Lake City, UT Vivint Smart Home Arena 05/12/18 Vancouver, BC Rogers Arena 05/13/18 Seattle, WA KeyArena 05/15/18 Portland, OR Moda Center 05/18/18 Oakland, CA Oracle Arena 05/22/18 Fresno, CA Save Mart Center 05/23/18 Ontario, CA Citizens Business Bank Arena 05/25/18 Anaheim, CA Honda Center 05/26/18 Las Vegas, NV T-Mobile Arena 05/28/18 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center 05/31/18 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center 06/02/18 Los Angeles, CA The Forum Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Maybe you want to wait awhile before introducing your toddler to a touchsreen. Researchers at Birbeck University of London have found those between 6 and 11 months of age, who play with smartphones or tablets, get less sleep than others their age. Not a lot less, but study authors say every minute matters when it comes to the benefits of sleep and young development. Click here for more on this story.
photo: Quinn Dombrowski via Flickr
The journey to Lake Turcana in far north Kenya is not for the faint of heart. Nor is it for those short on time. While flights are possible, this is definitely a trip where getting there is half the fun…or adventure… insanity… death wish. At some point during the journey, all those thoughts will cross your mind, as well as doubt. Plenty of doubt, frustration, and ultimately- the most wonderful feeling of success. Dipping your toes in an emerald lake on a shale-covered shore has never felt so good.
There are many routes to Lake Turcana, each with their merits and individual beauty. Starting at Naivasha, a short distance from Nairobi, and traveling north to Barangoi is just one of them. There are numerous small towns and national parks to stop off at along the way. As you travel north, the ‘mzungu' (foreigner) becomes the tourist attraction. Be prepared for a Music Man trail of small children and constantly having hair pulled (yes! It's real. It's attached.) and skin pinched (again, real.). Traveling at night is ill advised so get ready for early mornings and early nights. Most transport, if it comes or leaves on time, will leave very early.
Arriving at Barangoi, it's a bit of a shock to learn there's no reliable transport. In either direction. Possibly for weeks. This is a journey that takes time. And patience. And a stomach for tea that tastes inexplicably of kerosene and fish. Grab your cup of tea, and sit by the road. Talk to the khat chewers, the ubiquitous leafy mild amphetamine that has its hold on the population, buy some intricate beading work. There are two streets, enjoy them- you will get to know them very, very well. Visit every restaurant several times. While the local tribes people are stunningly covered in beadwork, silver mirrors and fake flowers, with ears and necks straining under their weight, it is considered highly disrespectful to take pictures. If you feel you must, always ask and be prepared to pay, quite literally, their soul. As you may be stranded here for many days, making friends, rather than causing offense, certainly seems the better option!
From Barangoi, there are no more buses. Transport consists of lorries carrying anything from food to furniture to hundreds of dead dogs killed in an attempt to control a rabies outbreak. After a few days, the expression ‘beggars can't be choosers' starts to come to mind. Have your bag packed and with you whenever possible. When a lorry or a truck says you're in, be ready to seize that opportunity with both hands! The road out of Barangoi to South Horr is stunning. Wide planes cascade into mountains. Herds of diminutive dik-diks scurry along the road, ostriches and eagles divide the earth and sky. As beautiful as the landscape is, this is bandit territory. Chose an armed vehicle if you have the luxury. The juxtaposition of old and new is harsh: tribal herdsmen in traditional dress, an AK-47 slung casually over a shoulder.
South Horr is a good point to stop and spend the night. It's a sleepy little village and welcomes the distraction of a visitor, eager to discuss everything from evolution to disability rights. In rainy season, the river that runs through it is a torrent, in the dry it serves as a beautiful tree lined avenue. Enjoy another cup of fishy chai and the local doughnut. It's time to wait again. South Horr is far more picturesque. It is also the meeting point for the new bypass but try not to get too excited. The one bit of paved road for hundreds of miles still gets pointed out as a tourist attraction. The bypass does mean (sometimes) daily transport back to Nairobi if your time has run out. However, if you chose to move on, keep your bags packed and your eyes on the road.
The road from South Horr to Turcana is unremittingly brutal and equally breathtaking. Attempting it in anything less than a four-wheel drive is insanity, but locals, and a few crazy travellers, will attempt it on foot, camel or motorbike. Sandy roads cut through lush tree covered planes. Camel savours the luxury, local huts nestle in the last bit of hospitable landscape. It is, quite literally, awesome. Soon the sand makes way to gravel and shale. The landscape becomes increasingly harsh, mile on mile of granite rock broken only be the odd dried tree or empty riverbed. In the dry season, it seems almost laughable that in a few months, this area will be impassable, cut off by raging flashfloods and watersoaked planes. Regardless of the season, take plenty of water and food. There is only one village between here and Lake Turcana, and with no daily traffic, a puncture could prove deadly.
Remarkably, people do live here, making their living turning the few remaining trees to charcoal. Their huts now made entirely of sacking and tarp, all the natural building materials burnt to feed families. It seems an impossible life. Continue through the landscape until, suddenly, it appears. Called the Emerald Lake, Lake Turcana stretches glistening into the horizon. Volcanic islands rise out of its depths, offering camping and safari opportunities for this with deep pockets. But most people will spend their first night in Loyanganli, Land of Many Trees.
The town is split into those who live near the water, Fish Eating Village, and those who live away from it, Stone Eating Village. The names are telling. Those in Fish Eating Villages are fishermen, subsisting on local ugali (corn meal) and fish. Fish smoked, fried, boiled, and stewed. Those in Stone Eating Village seem to survive by some miracle of perseverance, and the occasional aid package or goat. The land is arid, covered with sharp granite stones. Agriculture has no place here. People live of what can grow and what can eat it. Small clusters of huts dot the landscape, their colourful mushroom tops revealing themselves to be carefully hoarded debris- a last resort against the brutal monsoon rains.
While two or three campsites in the area may offer food, be warned that the town sleeps early and get in your main meal mid-day. Visit the fisherman down at the shore and bargain for a fish or two. They will be delighted to cook a feast if you can bring supplies and are happy to share. Aficionados of homebrews can test their taste buds on the local beer, mixed with flour, millet, sugar and cream. This ‘porridge beer' stands in lieu of breakfast when food is lean. Hot samosas, donuts, chai, the ubiquitous ugali and fish will see you through.
Around the lake are innumerable spots to explore. Continue north to some of Kenya's most remote safari parks, climb the mountains exploring the lake, visit El Molo, Kenyan's smallest tribe. When its time to head home, try a different route if you can. Isolo is a good stopping point with excellent hiking opportunities, including the majestic and challenging Mt. Kenya or the more sedate Archer's Point, a short bus ride away. Be warned that unless you are happy and lucky enough to hitchhike, organized tours to these regions run into the hundreds, in not thousands of dollars. Many locals treat the ‘big-bus' groups with undisguised scorn; meaning independent travel is the only route for those interested in an authentic experience. But if you are going alone or you are on a budget, you will always be, to quote Williams, “dependent on the kindness of strangers.” Traveling to Lake Turcana may well be the hardest travel you will ever do, but, thanks to that kindness and the beauty of the world around you, you won't regret it for a second.
© 2017 – 2016, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops' case Pause
2:32 Bodycam video released by Broward Sheriff's Office of fatal shooting of Lauderdale Lakes man
0:47 Fake engineer cheats ex-staffers out of thousands, cops say
0:53-Armed robber confronts man with nerves of steel
1:02 Tennis coach accused of hitting 5-year-old wants case dismissed under Florida's self-defense law
3:32 Rosales sentenced to seven years in prison for deadly hit and run
0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion
4:06 Marlins executive Michael Hill discusses the Giancarlo Stanton trade
1:19 Giancarlo Stanton talks about joining the Yankees (Part 3)
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Entertainment of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-07
play videoCaptain Smart (Below) and Kwamena Idan (Up)
Broadcast Journalists, Captain Smart and is colleague Kwamena Ida, during this year's Adom Praiz engaged their audience with some words of encouragement and in the process releasing some prophecies into the lives of those who were present.
The 8th edition of Adom Praiz saw great turn out at the Perez Dome in Dzorwulu, Accra from as different people from disparate backgrounds, with the common interest of experiencing good Christian music, came together.
The two ace journalists took turns in speaking positivity into the lives of the audiences amid massive shouts of approval from the audience.
“A year by this time, your enemies will celebrate you, your enemies will gather and will celebrate you,” Captain smart said.
Dwelling on a Bible quotation from Job 42:1-2, Kwamena Idan said, “I prophecy to somebody that, nobody can take your blessing, nobody can bring you down, nobody can shatter your dream.”
These words of assurance were met with great shouts of joy from the audience.
Adom Praiz is an annual praise and worship program that brings together top Gospel musicians from different jurisdictions, and grant an audience the space to have a blissful time in the presence of God.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas, center, and teammates bow their heads during a moment of silence for Thomas' sister Chyna before a first-round NBA playoff basketball game against the Chicago Bulls Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Bos...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas wears a message on their shoes in memory of their sister Chyna during the fourth quarter of a first-round NBA playoff basketball game against the Chicago Bulls,Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Boston. The B...
By KYLE HIGHTOWERAP Sports Writer
WALTHAM, Mass. (AP) - In any sport, the one thing a team can't prepare for is the unknown.
Last week, the Celtics were the toast of the East after outlasting the champion Cleveland Cavaliers for the top seed and home-court advantage. Then, the day before Boston's playoff opener, Isaiah Thomas' sister was killed in a car accident.
It's created a delicate balancing act. This is a team that expected to be riding a big wave of momentum. Instead, Boston lost 106-102 to Chicago in Game 1, and the possibility looms Tuesday of falling into an 0-2 hole.
But if there's a group built for such a challenge, it would seem to be this one. There's empathy in the locker room, and a coach adept at navigating rough water.
"I think the biggest thing is they really care about each other," coach Brad Stevens said Monday. "It's really tough when he's sitting there and some of their family is back in Seattle. ... But I think the next extension of your family is who you're around every day, and your team. ... They care about one another and they support one another. That's what you hope you have in a team, but it's probably not always the case."
Stevens said Thomas plans to play in Game 2 Tuesday night then head to Washington state to be with their family and help complete funeral arrangements.
Chyna Thomas died early Saturday in a one-car accident outside Tacoma. No funeral date is set, but Stevens said the Celtics plan to attend.
Thomas attended a film session and walk-through Monday, but did not speak with the media. Stevens said that after services for Thomas' sister, the star guard intends to rejoin the team Friday for Game 3 in Chicago. Stevens, however, stressed that all plans are up to Thomas.
Stevens knows firsthand of how the Celtics can embrace one of their own. Last year, they were allowed to miss a game to be at the bedside of Andrew Smith, who played for Stevens at Butler. Smith had cancer and their condition had worsened. Smith died a few days after Stevens visited.
Then there was the team's public show of unity before its preseason opener in October. The players held hands during the national anthem, the display coming at time when NFL players, notably Colin Kaepernick, were protesting by kneeling.
One of Thomas' closest friends on the team is guard Avery Bradley. The two grew up outside Seattle and played AAU ball together. During Monday's shootaround, TV cameras captured Bradley comforting a tearful Thomas on the bench.
"Me and Isaiah have known each other since we were kids," Bradley said. "So no matter what goes on we're always going have each other's back. We're always going to be there for one another. I think they know that, and I know the same about him. We're always going support each other. ... We're a family."
Still, there is basketball to be played. And Thomas, after an unsteady beginning, played admirably in Game 1, scoring 33 points to go with six assists and five rebounds.
Bradley says it's important now to pick Thomas up on and off the court.
"I feel like it's better to show with your actions than your words, especially after a loss," they said.
In a sense, they said, it's following the example Thomas set in Game 1.
"You can say whatever to him, but I think our actions really let them know that we care for him," Bradley said. "This is a sanctuary being on the basketball court. ... As brothers that's what you're supposed to do."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
___
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/khightower
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Our audience's strong views on how much danger drones present to our flying
In the past couple of weeks drones have been a hot topic in aviation as news broke of a drone-helicopter collision over New York City and the FAA banned drones from operating at a number of federal landmarks. The question that has been on the minds of personal flyers for years, though, is this: how much risk do recreational and other light drones present to our small airplanes?
The voice of our audience was overwhelming in expressing concern about these remotely controlled or autonomous flying contraptions. A full 71 percent of respondents voiced concern that drones were either a “great risk” (31 percent) or they posed some real risk (41 percent) to light GA.
A minority felt the opposite, that drones either didn't present “much risk” (17 percent) or they posed “effectively zero risk” to light GA.
Just one precent of respondents voiced the opinion that drones are a positive factor in GA safety.
The letter specifically says, "it is important to understand that the FCC's proposed Order is based on a flawed and factually inaccurate understanding of Internet technology." These problems were outlined in detail and sent to the FCC as part of a 43-page-long comment back in July. The FCC did not correct its misunderstandings, but instead "premised the proposed Order on the very technical flaws the comment explained," according to the letter.
The letter also calls out the problems with issues with the FCC's comment system. FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel wrote a powerful op-ed at Wired asking for an investigation into the public comments on the proposal, after it came to light that around a million comments were fraudulently filed using the names of real people. Another half million were from Russian email addresses. The letter makes it clear that the FCC has failed to respond to a FOIA request from the attorney general of New York about these problems.
We've discussed in detail how the repeal of net neutrality would be disastrous, and also how it would hurt artists and small businesses the most. Plenty of companies and organizations have come out against the repeal, but it's unclear whether the ongoing commentary surrounding the issue is having any effect on the FCC. Apparently we'll find out on December 14th.
In China: Government says Hong Kong must not be used to infiltrate or subvert mainland
China's Communist Party authorities have viewed the emergence of openly pro-independence politicians with alarm
China warned Hong Kong it would not tolerate anyone using the city to damage mainland stability, Beijing's top official in the city said, as concerns rise over an emerging independence movement.
Tensions have flared in the semi-autonomous territory after the ousting of two pro-independence lawmakers ignited fresh concern over Beijing's tightening controls on Hong Kong, which enjoys a separate political and legal system from the mainland.
Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a deal which gives the city broad autonomy and preserves its freedoms and the rule of law for 50 years. But many warn these freedoms are being eroded by Beijing.
In an interview with state broadcaster CCTV late Sunday, the head of China's liaison office in Hong Kong, Zhang Xiaoming, said that controlling the city's independence movement requires strengthening "bottom-line awareness" among its people.
"As for Hong Kong, no one is permitted to engage in any form of activity that harms national sovereignty and security, or challenges the authority of the central government or Hong Kong's Basic Law, or uses Hong Kong to infiltrate and subvert the mainland's social and political stability," Zhang said.
"These are the three bottom lines."
China's Communist Party authorities have viewed the emergence of openly pro-independence politicians with alarm, though only a minority of the city's residents support such a move.
Beijing's increasingly brazen attempts to stifle dissent in Hong Kong have prompted worries over the erosion of its identity as a rules-based business hub — its major draw over mainland rivals such as Shanghai — and a vibrant city with a free press and a distinct way of life.
The disappearance last year of five booksellers known for publishing salacious titles about Chinese political leaders earned international condemnation and realised many residents' worst fears when they resurfaced in detention on the mainland.
The city's unpopular leader Leung Chun-ying, who has been vilified by critics as a puppet of Beijing, said last month they would not run again for office.
Regina Ip, a former security chief and hardliner who is loathed by Hong Kong's pro-democracy camp, has said they will run for their position, in a move opponents fear would be a further sign of tightening controls by Beijing.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MINNEAPOLIS — The Cleveland Indians entered the Monday game against the Minnesota Twins with losses in seven of their past nine games, though manager Terry Francona said they didn't feel there was any sort of World Series hangover affecting their team.
Cleveland simply had not put together enough pitching and hitting to win games.
“We haven't swung the bats collectively really well,” Francona said. “At times we haven't pitched well. I don't attribute that to anything other than not swinging the bats real well yet. We've been inconsistent in our play.”
The Indians got back to their winning formula of steady starting pitching, lights-out bullpen work and some timely hitting in a 3-1 win against the Twins on Monday. Cleveland will try to further Francona's point when it sends Josh Tomlin to the mound on Tuesday for the second game of the four-game series.
Right-hander Phil Hughes will start for the Twins.
Tomlin is a good example of Francona's mention of pitching struggles. The right-hander is 0-2 with an 18.47 ERA this season. Tomlin gave up seven runs in 1 2/3 innings to the Chicago White Sox in their last start.
Despite Francona's assessment, the Indians' hitting — led by Francisco Lindor and Jose Ramirez — generally has been there. The pitching has been the biggest problem. Cleveland is tied for fifth in the American League in runs per game (4.46 per game), but the Indians also have the majors' worst ERA at 5.01.
Danny Salazar pitched six innings and allowed one run to the Twins on Monday, and the bullpen added three scoreless innings, though closer Cody Allen loaded the bases in the ninth inning before getting Joe Mauer to fly out.
“They've had a couple injuries that they've dealt with,” Minnesota manager Paul Molitor said of Cleveland. “More than capable rotation; you know about their bullpen, a lot of exciting offensive players. We had a nice go at these guys last year, had a chance to win the overall season series near the end but couldn't pull it out.”
The Indians won 10 of the 19 meetings between the two teams last season even as the Twins were on their way to a 103-loss season and Cleveland was winning the AL pennant.
Minnesota has shown its most improvement on the pitching side. The Twins own the major's lowest ERA, 2.50.
“It's early, but we have had a high number of quality starts, and they seem to be passing the baton each and every day to the next guy,” Molitor said. “Hopefully we can continue to respond in that fashion. It's unfortunate that we've squandered some of those outstanding starts and not been able to put them in the win column.”
In their return from season-ending surgery last year for thoracic outlet syndrome, Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) has won both of their outings with mixed results. They threw six innings of one-run ball to beat the White Sox on April 7, then came out on the right end despite yielding four runs in 5 2/3 innings against Detroit on Thursday.
Another player coming back from a lost season, Michael Brantley, helped push Cleveland to the win on Monday with their second home run of the season.
“He looks like Brantley (again), which is a big compliment to them and their work ethic,” Francona said.
Brantley said: “I'm getting there, let's put it that way. It's going to take some repetition. It's going to take some time. I understand that. I understand the process that it takes now from being out for a little while — actually a long while. It's going to take a little bit of time, but we're taking the right steps in the positive direction.”
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Anoka County Fair a success
Taken from every standpoint and striking an average, the county fair which was held last week was superior to any which have been held during the past six years. While some of the exhibits were below the standard of previous years because of the early frost, others were so much better than ever before that on the whole, a great improvement could be noted.
– 100 years ago, Oct. 3, 1917
Anoka County Union
Scrap iron needed now
Sunday, October 11 marks the real start of the “Scrap Harvest” in Anoka county. This drive ends October 21, and up to that time Anoka county must collect 1043 tons of scrap metal. On Sunday, 200 trucks and 500 men will go out into the county to collect scrap from the farms.
– 75 years ago, Oct. 7, 1942
Anoka Herald
Two gunmen rob junior college
Two gunmen posing as students robbed the book store at Anoka-Ramsey Junior College in Coon Rapids shortly before 1 p.m. Wednesday and escaped with an estimated $1400.
– 50 years ago, Oct. 6, 1967
Anoka County Union
Coon Rapids basks in success of “Mighty Ducks”
“The Mighty Ducks,” filmed earlier this year entirely in the Twin Cities, including the Coon Rapids Ice Arena, opened in some 1,200 theaters across the country Oct. 2. Arena Manager Bob Larsen said the Hollywood production company spent nine days filming at Cook Arena last February. And they gave the arena a lump sum payment that more than made up for the loss of ice rentals during that period.
– 25 years ago, Oct. 9, 1992
Coon Rapids Herald
• Compiled by Eric Hagen
Editor's note: “Looking Back” is reprinted exactly as the items first appeared.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
France's borrowing costs have risen while Germany's have held near three-month lows today, with the gap between the two close to six-week highs in a sign of unease just days before a first round of voting in France's closely-watched presidential race.
Opinion polls suggest the election in the euro zone's second biggest economy will come down to a final battle between independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen, head of the anti-European Union and anti-immigrant National Front.
However, the race has tightened with a surge by far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, which has put them neck-and-neck with conservative Francois Fillon.
While no polls have shown Le Pen missing out on the run-off, to take place on 7 May, they are now within the margin of error and any two of the four top candidates have a shot at qualifying.
It is that uncertainty that is expected to keep French government bonds under pressure ahead of Sunday's election, benefiting the euro zone's benchmark and top-rated issuer – Germany.
"Investors are going to be very careful this week and clearly the only thing that's going to be on their minds is what happens in France," said Chris Scicluna, head of economic research at Daiwa Capital Markets.
"Macron will win if they can get through to the second round but the question is whether they will actually get there."
France's 10-year bond yield rose 2.5 basis points in early trade to 0.93%, while German Bund yields were marginally lower at 0.18% and within sight of Friday's more than three-month low of 0.16%.
That left the gap between the two at 75 basis points and not far from six-week highs hit last week around 78 bps.
The spread between short-dated French and German bond yields was at 44 bps - also within sight of six-week highs.
France's presidential race, one of the most unpredictable in decades, is viewed as a key risk event for markets with investors cautious after last year's shock Brexit vote and the unexpected election of US President Donald Trump.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde told German newspaper Die Welt in an interview published today that there is clearly rising concern about the French election outcome.
The jitters are also reflected in currency markets, where the cost of hedging against volatility in the euro over the next month against both the dollar and yen yesterday jumped to the highest levels since the results of Britain's vote to leave the EU last June.
Bond strategists say European government bond markets are unlikely to stabilise properly until after the run-off vote.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the “Noblesville strong” shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said they knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and their college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
The team says proceeds from shirt sales will be donated to Seaman and Ella Whistler, who was injured.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
"Having received assurances from President Trump and Director Pompeo that they agree with the President on these important issues, I have decided to support their nomination to be our next Secretary of State," Paul tweeted.
At the White House, Trump said, "I heard Rand Paul went yes...he's a good man. I said he'd never let us down. He's a good man."
Earlier in the day, two vulnerable Senate Democrats facing tough re-election bids — Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Joe Donnelly of Indiana — said they planned to vote for Pompeo should the nomination reach the Senate floor. Along with the previously announced backing of Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., also up for re-election this year, their support would make Pompeo's confirmation almost certain.
Hours before the committee vote Monday, President Donald Trump slammed Democrats for that position. "Hard to believe Obstructionists May votes against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State ..." they tweeted.
The president did not mention Paul, and White House legislative affairs director Marc Short told reporters Monday morning that the administration believed there was "a good chance" that the Kentucky senator would change their position and vote for Pompeo later in the day.
A spokesperson for Paul told NBC News that there were "no changes at this time" to the senator's plans to vote against the nomination.
Most Republican senators are rallying behind Pompeo and urging Democrats to confirm him, especially as the Senate prepares to consider two other critical Trump nominations: Gina Haspel's already-troubled bid to be the next CIA director, and Ronny Jackson's to head the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Amid tough committee questioning of Pompeo last week, the White House looked to burnish their credentials by highlighting the revelation that they had met in secret with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in advance of a potential summit between them and Trump.
“I realize my Democratic friends in many cases feel like that in supporting Pompeo, it's a proxy for support of the Trump administration policies, which many of them abhor. I understand that,” Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee said last week on the Senate floor.
The Trump factor hasn't been the only sticking point for Democrats, who have argued that Pompeo's previous statements regarding Muslims and LGBT rights and their hawkish views should disqualify them from serving in a key diplomatic role.
“I believe our nation's top diplomat must be forthright, and, more critically, their past sentiments do not reflect our nation's values, and are not acceptable for our nation's top diplomat. The American people deserve better,” Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., ranking member on Foreign Relations, said in remarks last week announcing their opposition to Pompeo. They also expressed frustration that Pompeo had not previously mentioned their visit to North Korea in conversations with him.
Turkish media reports say a police helicopters with 12 people on board has crashed in southeastern Turkey.
NTV television says Tuesday the helicopter was carrying a group of judges and police officers.
It says the crash occurred in the province of Tunceli.
PHILADELPHIA — The start of Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial is being pushed back a few days to give both sides more time to wrangle over pretrial issues.
Judge Steven O'Neill issued an order Monday moving the start of jury selection to April 2. It had been scheduled for March 29.
O'Neill says he'll instead hold final pretrial hearings March 29 and 30.
Cosby has pleaded not guilty to charges they drugged and molested Andrea Constand at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
O'Neill hasn't ruled on whether jurors can hear about Cosby's settlement with Constand or if their lawyers can mention another accuser by name in their opening statement. Cosby's lawyers are objecting to O'Neill's ruling allowing up to five other accusers to testify.
Cosby's first trial last year ended in a hung jury.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
——
For more on the Cosby trial, go to https://apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
With help from NASA's Kepler planet-hunting spacecraft, astronomers have identified more than 2,000 planets beyond our solar system over the past decade. Now the space agency is sending up a new satellite that promises to be even better at sniffing out alien worlds — with the hope that we may finally be able to find one that harbors extraterrestrial life.
The Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) is scheduled to lift off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Monday, April 16, at 6:32 p.m. EDT. The space probe will study star systems that are 10 to 300 light-years from Earth. That's relatively close in astronomical terms — and far closer than the stars that Kepler, which launched in 2009, was designed to study.
“My great hope is that TESS will find new mysteries,” said Dr. Stephen Rinehart, a project scientist for the mission at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. “Maybe we'll find something out there that nobody expected and will leave people scratching their heads.”
Equipped with four specialized cameras, TESS will be able to gaze at 85 percent of the entire sky, according to Dr. George Ricker, the mission's principal investigator and a scientist at the MIT Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The field of view includes about 20 million stars, they said.
Like Kepler, TESS will find exoplanets by looking for what astronomers call transits, in which planets' orbits take them in front of their host stars and temporarily block a portion of the starlight. If TESS observes a periodic dimming of light from a particular star, it's reasonable to infer that the star is being orbited by at least one alien world.
Any newly identified exoplanetary systems will be ripe candidates for follow-up observations by powerful ground-based observatories or future space probes, such as the James Webb Space Telescope, which is scheduled to launch in 2020. Among other things, the Webb telescope is designed to scour the atmospheres of exoplanets to look for chemical signatures of oxygen, carbon dioxide, or methane — which could suggest the presence of life.
“TESS will be able to say: there's an interesting system for the Webb telescope, and then it can move on and find another one,” Ricker said. “It's really a scout for this whole process.”
TESS is designed to operate for two years. The mission will be led jointly by MIT and the Goddard Spaceflight Center.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
PDP reveals how Saraki caused Dino Melaye's arrest, tells lawmakers what to do
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has claimed that the Senator represent Kogi West, Dino Melaye, is being harrassed by the Progressives Congress (APC) led federal government because they support the Senate President, Bukola Saraki and also criticizes the current administration. This was stated in a series of tweets posted on their verified Twitter handle […]
PDP reveals how Saraki caused Dino Melaye's arrest, tells lawmakers what to do
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LUSAKA MAN SHOOTS GIRLFRIEND DEAD, WOUNDS BABY
A man of Lusaka's Meanwood Ibex Hill area has shot dead their girlfriend and wounded the couple's two-year-old baby following a dispute.
Police spokesperson Esther Mwaata Katongo confirmed this in a statement today, saying the incident happened around 20:00 in Meanwood Ibex Hill area
Katongo named the victim as 26-year-old Precious Mangesana, an employee of Multichoice, and the suspect as Shinka Kaputo, aged 34.
“We received a report of murder which happened in Lusaka Province yesterday, 05th October, 2017 at about 20:00 hours in Meanwood Ibex Hill area in which Shinka Kaputo aged 34 of unknown house number in Meanwood is alleged to have shot dead their girlfriend, Precious Mangesana aged 26 of unknown house number, Lusaka West using a Pistol,” Katongo stated.
“The victim went to the accused person's residence to pick their daughter aged two years seven months who was at their father's residence in Meanwood. They (Mangesana) sustained a bullet wound on the neck. The scene was visited and a pistol with 10 rounds of ammunition was recovered.”
They stated that Kaputo was in police custody whilst Mangesana's body was lying in UTH mortuary awaiting postmortem.
Asked about the baby's wellbeing, Katongo said, “We have just established that the baby was also shot in the neck and the orojectile was stuck in the neck. It has been extracted by medical personnel at Fairview Hospital.”
A second arrest has been made in the fire of a billboard sign in Princess Anne. 19-year-old Joy Shuford, of Owings Mills, turned themselves in after their partner was arrested earlier this week for setting the political sign on fire they didn't agree with. Shuford was charged with malicious destruction of property and commission of a hate crime, but was released on $20,000 bond.
In a meeting with the head of Cambridge Analytica — the political data firm used by the Trump campaign in 2016 — reporters from NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News posed as potential clients interested in changing the outcome of the Sri Lankan elections.
The reporters, who were trying to find out how the company operated, quickly learned about the novel and deceptive methods employed by the company, including bribes, blackmail, and misinformation campaigns. The findings were broadcast by the network on Monday.
On hidden camera, the reporters recorded Alexander Nix, chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, discussing the idea of hypothetically entrapping an opposition leader. They described how the company could record a person accepting a bribe, "an offer they can't refuse" or "send some girls around to the candidate's house."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nix also floated the idea of spreading misinformation about politicians.
"It doesn't have to be true," Nix said. "It just has to be believed."
They later discussed creating fake IDs and having people pose as students or tourists as a way to further the political efforts without having its work traced back to clients.
Mark Turnbull, managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, was also recorded by the ITN Channel 4 News reporters discussing their relationships with former British spies now working at private companies who can be contracted to gather intelligence, along with private Israeli intelligence companies.
Long a company of interest in the Trump-Russia investigation, Cambridge Analytica came under fresh scrutiny this past weekend after the company's former director of data research, Christopher Wylie, revealed how the company had mined data from at least 50 million Facebook users.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Publicly, the company advertises its ability to build "psychographic" profiles that can microtarget social media political advertising to people based on traits like "extroversion" or "neuroticism."
The company received a $15 million investment from wealthy Republican donor Robert Mercer, who also funded the conservative website Breitbart while Steve Bannon — who later became chief executive of Trump's presidential campaign — was at the helm.
A spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica denied to ITN Channel 4 News that it used any of the tactics discussed in the videos.
“We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever," the spokesperson sent in a statement.
“Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose,” the spokesperson added.
Bannon met with Nix and was interested in how the profiles could be used to change American politics, Wylie said.
"Steve wanted weapons for a culture war. We offered them a way to change the culture of America," Wylie told ITN Channel 4 News. Sources familiar with Cambridge Analytica's work on the Trump campaign say “psychographics” were not used.
A source familiar with the hiring of Cambridge Analytica told NBC News that the primary figures involved in the hiring were Jared Kushner and Brad Parscale, who was digital director of the Trump campaign. Parscale has denied that the firm was useful to the campaign and said the Trump campaign instead used data from the Republican National Committee.
On Friday, Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica from buying ads or administering pages on its platform on behalf of clients, saying its data policies had been violated.
"We will take legal action if necessary to hold them responsible and accountable for any unlawful behavior," Facebook said in a statement, adding that it was investigating the claims.
The developments drew rebuke from lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic over the weekend.
“Revelations that Cambridge Analytica secretly acquired the personal, private information of more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission or that of Facebook, must be thoroughly investigated," Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should appear before the panel to explain what the company knew about the misuse of its customers' data.
Those calls were echoed by Damian Collins, a Conservative lawmaker in Britain leading a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian meddling during Brexit. In previous hearings on the topic, the social media platforms sent their general counsel or policy directors.
Facebook shares slumped 8 percent Monday.
In bike design as in life, everything is a compromise. You want a bike that feels racy – but quick bikes aren't comfortable because they fold you into ridiculous aerodynamic positions. You want a light bike that floats up hills – but light bikes are either expensive or lacking in home comforts like good brakes. And you want a bike for every occasion: the commute, long countryside rides, punchy sprints around the block – but the demands of those rides are vastly, contrastingly different. Hence why so many Mamils end up with three or even four bikes in the shed.
The holy grail of bike design, then, is the bike that finds the infinitesimally small sweet spot at the centre of the Venn diagram; the bike that promises to put an end to domestic arguments about shed space. And Canyon's Endurace CF SL DISC 8.0 comes damnably close to doing just that.
As the name suggests (it took me weeks to spot that missing second ‘n'), the Endurace melds the comfort of endurance bikes with a racer's hedonism. A sub-kilogramme carbon frame sets the tone. Its up-sloping top tube raises your shoulders, sparing your back from the ache of aero-crouching on long rides. Between your feet, a stoutly chunky bottom bracket delivers on its promise to transfer power from each pedal stroke straight to the wheels.
None of this is revolutionary. There are plenty of endurance bikes on the market and they all try to marry friendly top tubes with race-like stiffness. Where the Endurace excels is the package it builds around the frame. And it starts with a very clever saddle system.
A clever seatpost design helps the bike absorb road noise More
By lowering the seat clamp into the frame between the seatstays and splitting the seattube into two, Canyon have accentuated the degree of flex in the saddle. What does that mean? Basically, the saddle moves laterally as you cycle, soaking up the bumps from pot-marked roads before they hit your spine. It's salvation via suspension; the Endurace is like a magic carpet, floating you towards your destination.
Down at road level, plush 28mm-wide tyres help further the bike's comfort rating, while the high-performance Shimano Ultegra groupset brings hydraulic discbrakes to the table. These aren't ideal for speed, adding weight and cutting a less lissom aero shape than rim brakes, but they are thoroughly worth the payoff: the ability to stop on a sixpence, even on Britain's gossamer-wet roads.
I've been fortunate to test the bike over the course of a few months and found that it responds well to every type of ride weekly life can muster. My one tiny quibble? There's no eyelits for mudguards, so I'd be tempted to keep a winter trainer in the shed for the deluges of December and January. Still, two bikes rather than three or four feels like a compromise worth making.
£2,349 from Canyon.com
A performer blew bubbles, a man handed out teddy bears and parents shared hugs and prayers outside a San Bernardino elementary school Monday as students returned to classes for the first time since a gunman opened fire in their estranged wife's classroom, killing them and an 8-year-old boy.
Classes at North Park Elementary resumed a week after the shooting.
As buses rolled up to the school, students passed a large banner outside the building that read: “We love you.”
Parents, some wearing shirts that said “Pray for North Park,” walked their children to the school door and hugged each another in the parking lot. A large memorial of flowers, candles and balloons was on the sidewalk in front of the school.
North Park had been closed since April 10, when Cedric Anderson walked into their estranged wife's special-education classroom and opened fire, killing them and student Jonathan Martinez, before fatally shooting himself.
They targeted Karen Smith but the bullets also hit Jonathan and 9-year-old Nolan Brandy, who was released from the hospital on Friday, police said.
Anderson had been unsuccessfully trying to convince their wife to take them back after a breakup just weeks into their marriage.
When they rejected their attempts, Anderson went to the school and killed her, police said.
School officials said security has been tightened at North Park and police officers stood guard outside the school Monday.
Counselors were also e available for students and staff.
Priyanka Chopra taught a lesson to a sexist reporter at the Global Education & Skills Forum 2018, who questioned their take on gender equality. The reporter remarked the actor that if a girl slaps a guy who is a eve teases them then they are considered a feminist but if a man slaps a woman then it is considered a crime. They further questioned 'Where is your equality then?!' Taking a dig at their question, Priyanka gave a piece of their mind to the reporter and added that when a woman slap a man for teasing them then they deserve it.
Bollywood's desi girl and global sensation Priyanka Chopra was present at the Global Education & Skills Forum (GESF) 2018, when a reporter questioned their take on gender equality. During the media interaction, the reporter questioned the diva that “if a girl slaps a guy who eve-teases them then they are considered a feminist but you do not speak out about the “abuse” of a man, where is your equality?!” They further added, “if a man slaps a woman then it is a crime, then it's like ‘sky fall on the earth'.”
Amused by their question, Priyanka took a dig at their question and said, “Physiologically men and women are different. When we talk about equality and opportunity, we talk about cerebral opportunity. We are saying you give the ability to get the job, to be the CEO and nobody should question a woman's choice or their drive to be someone. So if they are 50, a CEO and a mother of three. Do not question her.” They further added, “So if a woman slaps a man for teasing her, they deserve it.”
Also Read: Madhuri Dixit to replace Sridevi in Abhishek Varman's Shiddat
Giving their stance on being a beauty queen who is a proud feminist, Priyanka said, “Who decides whether a beauty pageant is part of feminism or not? As a proud feminist, I am glad that it was my stepping stone. We should let a woman do what they want without judging them I believe in destiny. I believe that destiny and hard work go hand in hand. I was not born with a silver spoon. You cannot replace hard work. Indian media says that models and beauty queens cannot act. But I think it's an organic or an individual process but the audience is very intelligent. You don't have to be the most beautiful or talented person in the room but people want to watch you. I think that's called X-factor.”
On the work front, Priyanka has returned to India after wrapping up the shooting schedule of the third season of their American TV show Quantico. If the latest reports are to be believed, their next Bollywood film will be a biopic on Kalpana Chawla. However, no official confirmations have been made yet.
Also Read: October Theme: Varun Dhawan starrer creates musical symphony; all thanks to Shantanu Moitra's music
Also Read: Karan Johar reveals their ‘hichki' to Rani Mukerji; says I had a very girlish voice as a child
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
LOS ANGELES — Did you hear the one about the hugely successful Hollywood producer who subjected themselves to the uncertainties and meagre pay of stand-up comedy?
No punchline follows for Judd Apatow, just the chance to reconnect with a youthful dream of excelling at one of entertainment's riskiest ventures: Revealing yourself to an audience and praying for laughs, not flop sweat. The result is “Judd Apatow: The Return,” a Netflix special debuting Tuesday in which Apatow seeks to prove their chops as a comedian.
“When I was a kid, stand-up was all I wanted to do. Everything else was a weird offshoot of my desire to do stand-up,” they said. A growing demand for their comedy writing services got in the way, along with a frank self-evaluation.
“I thought there were people who seemed much better at it (stand-up) than me, and I didn't want to be in the middle of the pack,” they said. “I was able to write jokes for Roseanne, for Jim Carrey, and I noticed they performed them better than me.”
Instead, they joined their writing skills with directing and producing, racking up impressive credits on TV (“The Larry Sanders Show,” “Freaks and Geeks”) and on the big screen with movies (“The 40-Year-Old Virgin,” “Knocked Up”) that defined the turn-of-the century's ribald comedy zeitgeist. In middle age, he's gained the confidence and, of course, the clout to show what they can do onstage.
“I'm now older, I have stories to tell and more opinions. And it's fun to do when I don't need it to pay more rent,” Apatow said. “You don't get paid when you do stand-up.”
In the special, the comfortably low-key Apatow cracks wise about marriage, fatherhood and mortality. The comic patter usually hits its targets — which include sexual misconduct, although the show was taped last summer before the Harvey Weinstein scandal and its immense fallout. It's Bill Cosby in the TV hot seat, but Apatow has already proven a vocal critic of the new crop of the accused.
Another, less-fraught theme: How technology is changing child-rearing so fast that parents are scrambling to figure out whether it's healthy for youngsters to spend much of their lives online. “We're all in a wide-eyed panic because there's no information about whether this is helpful and potentially essential for the modern kid or making them unable to read a book,” they said.
Their daughters, Maude, who is 20 this month, and Iris, 15, were sanguine about giving Apatow some of the material that he's been honing in club appearances.
“They've come and seen me perform over the last two years, so they know all the jokes. … Iris will always point out that I say the same thing every time. I then say, ‘Taylor Swift sings the same songs every time. What do you think we do, write a new act every night?”‘
They offered to let their offspring preview the Netflix special and veto anything that made them uncomfortable. “They both said, ‘I don't need to see it,”‘ they said, adding in a knowing dad voice: “Which was not trust, but lack of interest.”
The family provides more than fodder for jokes. Leslie Mann, their actor-wife, was a catalyst for how they approach their work, including collaborations with bold female voices Lena Dunham (“Girls”) and Amy Schumer (“Trainwreck”).
“My wife is a very talented and strong woman who taught me early on that there's something unfair happening in our business,” Apatow said. “She read a stack of scripts and almost every one of them was about men, and all the female parts were getting guys from A to B.”
Their creative decisions are based on talent, not gender, said Apatow (who has made a point of condemning entertainment industry sexual misconduct).
“I rarely think about whether it's a man or a woman. I love people who have a great story to tell,” they said.
Apatow is behind the scenes on a fictional series about the comedy world, star-creator Pete Holmes' “Crashing,” which returns for a new season on HBO in January. He's also got a documentary about musical duo Scott and Seth Avett coming next month on HBO, “May It Last: A Portrait of the Avett Brothers.”
As Apatow sees it, stand-up bolsters their other work.
“There's something very enjoyable about having an idea in the morning, trying it out that evening and having the direct conversation with the audience. It's really all I ever wanted to do, and I think it makes my writing for film and television better,” they said.
——
Lynn Elber can be reached at lelber//twitter.com/lynnelber .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
MIDTERM MADNESS: Steyer accuses Pelosi of “normalizing” Trump
2020:Tom Steyer is accusing Nancy Pelosi of “normalizing” Trump by avoiding impeachment talk.
Our NBC News team writes that Republicans are hoping to keep Trump on the trail for midterms and keep Senate Democrats from campaigning by scheduling judicial nominee votes.
The Washington Post takes a look at female candidates who aren't playing it safe.
Trump claims that Robert Mueller's team is “meddling” in the midterms.
CA-GOV: Are sanctuary cities a winning issue for California Republicans? Not necessarily, writes the Sacramento Bee.
MT-SEN: Nearly 100,000 voters have already voted in Montana's primary election.
TN-SEN: The Washington Post reports that Marsha Blackburn's embrace of Donald Trump is giving them some trouble with female voters in the state.
Trump is set to campaign with Blackburn today.
VA-5: Rep. Tom Garrett says they won't seek reelection after all, saying that he's prioritizing treatment for alcoholism. Party leaders will choose their replacement on the ballot.
One Republican has already announced their intention to seek the seat.
WI-GOV: Wisconsin Democrats say they're poised to get their candidate (whoever it may be) ready to face Scott Walker.
TRUMP AGENDA: The one-man band
The Washington Post writes that Trump has effectively been performing the roles of several senior staffers, calling the shots himself.
The president is blaming Democrats for their administration's policy of separating families at the border.
The New York Times notes how Trump uses conspiracy theories to erode trust in institutions and the press.
Trump's approach to national security and economic issues is completely bewildering U.S. allies, writes the Washington Post.
The president will meet with Japanese leader Shinzo Abe.
POLITICO looks at how Wilbur Ross has been marginalized in recent trade talks.
Paul Manafort's former son-in-law may be losing their attorneys amid unpaid bills and “lack of candor.”
Share
Soon, the list of restaurants that are not available on GrubHub will be shorter than the list of restaurants that are. As per a new report from The Wall Street Journal, GrubHub and Yelp have expanded their partnership, which will result in twice as many restaurants being made available on the Yelp website that offer delivery from GrubHub. As a result of this expanded collaboration, there will be more than 80,000 restaurants to choose from on the online review portal.
The partnership comes at a key time for GrubHub, which is competing against an increasingly competitive pool of players. Folks like DoorDash, UberEats, and a whole bevy of local startups are all vying for our appetites (and our wallets). While GrubHub took out some of the competition by merging with Seamless back in 2013, there are still plenty of other players in the game looking to establish dominance.
But now, GrubHub is flexing its muscles once again with yet another acquisition. The partnership with Yelp is really the conclusion of a $288 million acquisition of the company's Eat24 directory of restaurants that offer delivery services courtesy of GrubHub. The deal was initially agreed upon last August and is just now rolling out in full. The benefit of this new partnership, the companies say, will be in cutting delivery fees and perhaps delivery time as well — if multiple orders are generated through Yelp, drivers will be able to make multiple deliveries on a single trip.
“I see a point where we could conceivably have extremely low if not free delivery for consumers,” GrubHub co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Matt Maloney told The Wall Street Journal.
Of course, that will be the key to convincing folks that ordering delivery is actually more economically friendly than going to a restaurant themselves. After all, if you're ordering from a fast-food chain, the delivery fee is often the same price as your actual meal, which just about eliminates the convenience that is otherwise provided by having a door-to-door service. As one KFC customer recently told the Wall Street Journal, “When you can spend just $5 on a meal, why pay to have it delivered?”
Spain and Hungary book tickets to France; Slovenia must wait
Spain were the first to celebrate when EHF EURO 2018 Qualification Round 5 began on Wednesday, as the EHF EURO 2014 silver medallists recorded a victory against Turkey as they moved up to eight points in Group 6 and secure their place at the final tournament in France. Hungary followed Spain's example with a decisive win against Kosovo, which saw them clinch the first of Group 7's two berths.
While Norway added a fifth victory to their winning run, Slovenia tasted a bitter defeat at the hands of Denmark. A win against the Scandinavian team could have seen Slovenia book their ticket to France, but now they must await the deciding Round 6 clash against the Czech Republic.
GROUP 1
Ukraine vs Norway 21:26 (8:10)
Norway took the court in Kiev without the likes of Stine Oftedal and the injured Nora Mörk, and the less experienced squad had to work hard to earn the clear win they took in the end.
Unexpectedly, it was Ukraine who took the upper hand early on, before Norway fought their way back level. In the last five minutes of the opening period, Norway pulled ahead by a crucial two-goal margin. At that point, the defending EURO champions could thank an incredible 60 per cent save rate from goalkeeper Katrine Lunde for their advantage.
The second half saw the visitors leading by up to four goals but also fighting off dangerously close comebacks from Ukraine. With eight minutes remaining, Norway led by just two goals, but finished stronger than their opponents to decide the match in their favour.
GROUP 5
Slovenia vs Denmark 23:25 (12:14)
With their ticket to France on the line, hosts Slovenia put on a thrilling show for their supporters in Celje. EHF EURO 2016 semi-finalists Denmark, playing with 21-year-old Althea Reinhardt in goal rather than the influential Sandra Toft, took the lead and left Slovenia chasing before Tjasa Stanko scored the equaliser for 6:6 in the 11th minute.
Slovenia relied on saves from goalkeeper Karmen Korenic and the outstanding cooperation between backs Ana Gros and Stanko – both of whom were named in the EHF Champions League 2017/18 All-star Team, as best right back and best young player, respectively. Gros pulled the hosts in front for the first time, 10:9 in the 21st minute, but the Scandinavian side reclaimed the upper hand before the break.
It was neck-and-neck throughout the second half, with Denmark occasionally moving ahead by two goals before Slovenia equalised. With less than two minutes to play and score at 24:23, Reinhardt saved a penalty from Gros to prevent the hosts from levelling – and that was the deciding moment.
Slovenia suffered a frustratingly close 25:23 loss to Denmark in #ehfeuro2018 Qualification, but not for the lack of trying on Ana Gros' part. The powerful right back fired 12 goals in Wednesday evening's defeat!@rzs_si #handballissime pic.twitter.com/36mE0le0gj — EHF EURO (@EHFEURO) May 30, 2018
GROUP 6
Turkey vs Spain 17:22 (9:9)
Initially, it seemed Spain would have little trouble taking a commanding victory in Amasya, as they kept the hosts from scoring for eight minutes. All that prevented Spain from taking a clearer lead were the saves from goalkeeper Merve Durdu.
After Asli Iskit opened scoring for Turkey with their first of eight goals in the match, the home team quickly become more competitive. Spain made unforced errors against Turkey's 5-1 defence, while the hosts' offence settled. Following a hard-fought opening 30 minutes, Turkey took the lead before Spain immediately restored parity before half-time.
But the hosts could not keep up in the second period. From a two-goal advantage in the 40th minute Spain pulled 16:11 ahead in the space of two minutes – and from that point, the visitors maintained control until the final whistle.
WATCH: @Hentbol_Fed put up a brave fight against Spain in #ehfeuro2018 Qualification this afternoon, but eventually went down 22:17. Here are the best moments from the gutsy home side.#handballissime pic.twitter.com/2cajg70O2x — EHF EURO (@EHFEURO) May 30, 2018
GROUP 7
Kosovo vs Hungary 15:37 (3:16)
The tone for the match was set in the first attack, as Kosovo made a technical fault and lost the ball, allowing Hungary to score the opening goal on a fast break. From that advantage, Hungary powered ahead of their hosts thanks to their stronger defence and more efficient attack.
After Kosovo scored their opening goal, it took almost 20 minutes for the next – at which point Hungary held a 10-goal advantage, 12:2, and the contest was all but decided. When Hungary took a 16:3 lead into the break, it was clear Kosovo would need a miracle to turn the tables.
Hungary steadily increased the score line through the second half, finishing with a commanding 22-goal victory to clinch their spot at the final tournament in France.
TEXT:
Brother to former Big Brother Naija housemate, T-boss, Christova has taken a swipe at Nigerian stand up comedian, AY for making joke with the sex move involving their sister and Kemen in the just concluded reality show. In a show at the Eko Hotel And Suites Victoria Island Lagos State, the comedian had used the […]
BREMEN, Ind. (WANE) - 2A no. 1 Bremen scored five runs in the first inning and never looked back as the Lions bested 2A no. 11 South Adams 18-2 at regionals on Tuesday.
South Adams ends the season 15-7 overall while Bremen improves to 24-3.
Bremen moves on to play at 11 a.m. in the LaVille semi-state on Saturday.
The aftermath of a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, turned deadly on Saturday after a 20-year-old Ohio man allegedly accelerated their car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing a 32-year-old woman and wounding several others.
Conflict in the college town, however, has been brewing for months. Here's a brief timeline of the events this year that led to this weekend's deadly crash:
February and March
The Charlottesville City Council voted in February to remove a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee from what was then called Robert E. Lee Park.
In March, some groups filed lawsuits against the Charlottesville City Council in response to the decision, arguing that the city violated a state law that protects war memorials, and violated the terms of the deed in which donor Paul Goodloe McIntire granted the memorial to the city, according to a report by The Associated Press.
May 13
A group of at least 100 white nationalists carried torches in Charlottesville while protesting the removal of the Lee statue, provoking anger and frustration from politicians, and an outcry on social media from those who viewed the display as an attempt to intimidate minorities.
Mike Signer, the city's mayor, expressed their disgust with the protest in an interview with ABC News.
"I think it's horrific," they said. "We're a city that proudly values our diversity."
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer was among the marchers that day.
June 5
Signer announces that Robert E. Lee Park has been renamed Emancipation Park.
Aug. 11
White nationalists holding tiki torches marched through the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville ahead of the so-called "Unite the Right" rally, a gathering of white supremacists staged in part to demand protection for the statue of Lee.
The men chanted "white lives matter," "you will not replace us," and the Nazi-associated phrase "blood and soil." Some white nationalists brawled with counter-protesters at the scene of the rally.
Police arrived on campus, declared it an unlawful assembly, and ordered the crowds to disperse. But the skirmishes, as well as images of the marching that were posted on social media, contributed to an atmosphere of tension that opened up into violence the next day.
Aug. 12: Morning
Although the "Unite the Right" rally was scheduled to start at noon, violence between white nationalists and counter-protesters began in the morning.
State police reported injuries, and soon after, the city declared an unlawful assembly at Emancipation Park.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency shortly before noon.
Aug. 12: Afternoon
At 1:42 p.m., an Ohio man allegedly rammed a car into a crowd of people who were demonstrating against the white nationalist gathering.
About an hour and a half later, Signer confirmed in a tweet that at least one person had died in the day's violence. It later emerged that a 32-year-old woman, Heather Heyer, was killed when the car hit the crowd. At least 19 others were injured.
Hours later, President Trump appeared from their Bedminster Golf Club to denounce the violence, but was quickly assailed for not admonishing white nationalist and Nazi groups immediately.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides," the president said. "It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time."
Aug. 12: 5 p.m
Two Virginia State Police troopers, Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died while lending air support to respond to the deadly violence unfolding in Charlottesville. Their helicopter crashed seven miles southwest of the city.
Aug. 12 to 13
Vigils and marches of solidarity are held throughout the country in remembrance of Heyer and against white nationalism.
Aug. 14
James Alex Fields Jr. of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run for allegedly plowing into the crowd. The Department of Justice also opened an investigation into the incident.
Beckoning to criticism for failing to denounce white supremacists or label the Charlottesville car ramming as an act of terrorism, two days after the incident Trump made a strong statement against groups they believed were responsible for Saturday's bloodshed.
"Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Uruguay's priority will be keeping Luiz Suarez tamed at this year's World Cup.
After the striker was expelled from the 2014 tournament in disgrace for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini, Uruguay was eliminated by Colombia in the round of 16.
Suarez promises they are a reformed character and will be better behaved in Russia than in Brazil, where they scored twice before being banned.
“It was my mistake,” Suarez said. “So I have a debt to repay to myself and Uruguay, to try to show a good image.”
Things were already starting to look brighter for two-time World Cup champion Uruguay, based on qualifying at least.
After enduring four consecutive World Cup playoffs and only reaching three of the tournaments, Uruguay secured an automatic place in Russia by finishing second behind Brazil in qualifying.
Here's a closer look at the Uruguay team:
COACH
Oscar Tabarez will lead Uruguay into their fourth World Cup after a first trip in 1990 followed by 2010 and 2014. A Tabarez team has always made it out of the group stage, including a semifinal appearance in South Africa eight years ago.
A former school teacher and professional player, Tabarez led Uruguay to the Copa America title in 2011. As a club coach, they led Penarol to the Copa Libertadores title in 1987 and Boca Juniors to an Argentine league title in 1992.
The 71-year-old Tabarez has used a wheelchair since they were diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome in 2016.
GOALKEEPERS
There is little doubt Galatasaray goalkeeper Fernando Muslera will be between the posts for their third World Cup.
Defence
The Atletico Madrid partnership of Diego Godin and Jose Gimenez also anchor the heart of Uruguay's defence. Godin has made more than 100 appearances since their debut in 2005 and scored at their third World Cup with a header against Italy in 2014. The 23-year-old Gimenez offers a solid companion to a player nine years their senior and already has one World Cup under their belt.
Versatile Lazio wingback Martin Caceres should also be sure of a starting spot unless there is a recurrence of one of their frequent injuries.
MIDFIELDERS
Tabarez has always had doubts about their midfield's attacking qualities. While the unit has usually been capable of defending well, the midfielders have often struggled to generate chances for the forwards.
During qualifying, Tabarez called up several young players who improved in this area: Federico Valverde (19), Nahitan Nandez (22) and Rodrigo Bentancur (20).
FORWARDS
Uruguay shouldn't be short of goals. The strikers are the team's greatest strength.
Suarez is Uruguay's all-time leading scorer with 50 goals and is coming off the back of a strong season with Barcelona. Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is next on the list with 41, including a continent-leading 10 goals in 18 matches in South American qualifying.
GROUP GAMES
Uruguay, which will be based in Nizhny Novgorod, will face Egypt in its first match on June 15. That will be followed by matches against Saudi Arabia on June 20 and Russia on June 25.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
New federal government health insurance statistics show the rate of people going without health insurance fell below 9 percent for the first time in 2016.
There wasn't a big change from 2015 to last year, but the latest numbers from the National Center for Health Statistics show the Affordable Care Act continued to get more people covered by health insurance of some sort.
This map based on new statistics from the National Center for Health Statistics, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shows where in the U.S. people still lack health insurance. Sam Petulla, NBC News / CDC/NCHS
The numbers also show that by far the most Americans are covered by private insurance provided by an employer and fewer than 5 percent were covered on the Obamacare exchanges, where people who don't have employer coverage can buy private plans.
"About 20.4 million fewer persons lacked health insurance coverage in the first 9 months of 2016 compared with 2010 (48.6 million or 16 percent)," the NCHS, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said in the report.
Related: 9.2 Million Signed up for Obamacare
"In the first 9 months of 2016, 28.2 million (8.8 percent) persons of all ages were uninsured at the time of interview," it added. The NCHS estimates that 400,000 more people got insurance between 2015 and 2016 but said the calculation wasn't statistically significant.
Rates were higher for minorities. The NCHS found that 24.7 percent of Hispanics and 15 percent of African-Americans lacked health insurance in 2016 but Obamacare has been bringing the numbers down.
Related: Hurry up and Repeal Obamacare, Conservatives Say
"Hispanic adults had the greatest percentage point decrease in the uninsured rate between 2013 (40.6 percent) and the first 9 months of 2016 (24.7 percent)," the NCHS said.
Here's where Americans got their health insurance in 2016:
Photo
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso — Gunmen believed to be Islamist extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso, late Sunday, killing at least 18 people, the second attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, which continued into the early hours of Monday. Gunfire could still be heard almost seven hours after it began.
The communications minister, Remi Dandjinou, said Monday morning that the victims had come from several countries, and that at least eight people had also been wounded. They added that two of the assailants had been killed, that the response by security forces had ended, and that searches were continuing in the neighborhood around the restaurant.
Security forces and armored vehicles arrived at the crowded restaurant, Aziz Istanbul, after reports of shots being fired. Capt. Guy Ye of the police said at least three assailants had arrived at the restaurant on motorcycles and had opened fire, apparently at random.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in Western Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
The episode overnight summoned memories of a January 2016 attack at a hotel and cafe that left 30 people dead. The three assailants in that standoff were foreign-born, according to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility for that attack, as did the jihadist group Al Mourabitoun. But the terrorist threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly domestic, experts say.
Transcript for New search warrants unsealed in the investigation into the death of Prince
as it was coming down. New revelations tonight from the investigation into the death of pop star prince. Newly unsealed records tonight show that they had narcotics hidden all throughout their home. As ABC's Eva pilgrim reports, one more glaring mystery. Reporter: Tonight, search warrants concerning music superstar prince's death unsealed, painting a picture of the singer's opioid addiction. These court documents show investigators found a sizable amount of narcotic medications located inside paisley park. The pills, hidden in aspirin, and other over-the-counter pain relief bottles, all over the house. Some of them, found in a suitcase along with handwritten lyrics to their 1987 hit "U got the look" were prescribed under the name of their long time friend and drummer Kirk Johnson, including the oxycodone prescribed by Dr. Todd shulenberg after prince's plane made that emergency landing in Moline, Illinois. What's the nature of the emergency? Unresponsive passenger. Reporter: Johnson picked those drugs up from the pharmacy, but told investigators they didn't know prince was addicted, and it was the first time they had done something like that for prince. The search warrants now show that Schulenberg told investigators they put the prescription in Johnson's name for prince's privacy. David, what's still not clear is how prince got the powerful narcotic fentanyl that ultimately took their life. Investigators scoured their computer, email, and phone records looking for any clues, but found no prescriptions for fentanyl.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Eisenhower Business Improvement District has generated nearly $970,000 since 2015 to improve security as well as landscaping and beautification. The business district is awaiting approval from the Georgia Department of Transportation to install new street lights at four intersections.
(Cass County Sheriff's Office via AP, File). FILE - This file photo provided by the Cass County Sheriff's Office in Fargo, N.D., shows Brooke Crews, who pleaded guilty Dec. 11, 2017, to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law office...
(Michael Vosburg/The Forum via AP, Pool). FILE - In this Dec. 11, 2017, file photo, Brooke Crews, who is accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, appears in state district court in Fargo, N.D., on with attorn...
By DAVE KOLPACK
Associated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A North Dakota woman who admitted killing a pregnant neighbor and cutting the baby from the womb while the mother was still alive was sentenced Friday to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Brooke Crews, 38, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo. Crews did not have a plea deal with prosecutors, but hoped that admitting responsibility at a December hearing would help them at Friday's sentencing.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole, saying Crews admitted to cutting out the baby while Greywind went in and out of consciousness. Greywind bled to death, according to Assistant Cass County State's Attorney Leah Jo Viste.
Defense attorney Steven Mottinger asked for a sentence of life with parole.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said. "It has to mean something."
Crews appeared in court in orange prison clothing, cuffed at the wrists, and read a statement of apology.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing," they said.
They had no visible reaction when State District Judge Frank Racek handed down the sentence.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn.
Hoehn has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled for trial in March.
Greywind's mother, Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, said during the sentencing hearing that what Crews did was "beyond evil" and that "I don't feel there is any court sentence that would ever be strong enough."
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
The baby is now in the custody of their father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(Release from UofL Athletics)
LOUISVILLE, Ky. - The University of Louisville athletics department is committed to providing the best fans with the best college baseball experience. With unprecedented access to the nationally-ranked Cardinals, UofL will introduce reserved chairback seating at Jim Patterson Stadium for the first time starting with the 2018 season.
Season ticket packages and other great promotional offers are on the way as fans will be able to secure their individual seat throughout the season and enjoy the great benefits of being a Louisville Cardinals season-ticket member. Combining one of the nation's most passionate fan bases with college baseball's newest perennial powerhouse, Jim Patterson Stadium has been packed with overflow crowds and record-breaking attendance during the past decade. With a listed capacity of 4,000, the stadium has hosted six crowds of more than 6,000 fans in the last two seasons including three in 2017. Fresh off a fourth trip to the NCAA Men's College World Series and third straight ACC Atlantic Division Championship, Louisville baseball has become the must-see event for Cardinals fans in the spring.
“Many of our terrific fans have wanted to have a reserved seat in Jim Patterson Stadium for years and now that will be possible with affordable pricing. Until now, I had been hesitant to sell tickets, as I wanted to reward the neighborhood and our fans for the last 12 years,” said Tom Jurich, UofL Vice President and Director of Athletics. “We will continue to have multiple promotions and special concession offerings that have led to a fun, family environment to watch our highly successful baseball team. We are in the early stages of planning a major expansion project for the stadium that will make it even better for all.”
Season-long packages will include a reserved chairback seat for each regular season home game of the baseball season. Season passes are expected to be offered for as low as $150 – saving fans almost double off the single-game price. Season packages will exclude the program's annual Elementary School Day held in March during a weekday afternoon. Single-game tickets will begin at $10. UofL students will receive free admission by showing a student ID. Additional ticket information will be distributed this summer.
“The fans have played an integral role in the tremendous home field advantage and electric atmosphere inside Jim Patterson Stadium on game days,” said Louisville head coach Dan McDonnell. “The community support for our baseball program is special and we're excited to see this type of demand for reserved seating.”
This summer, the ticket process will begin with a pre-sale opportunity for fans who have shown a history of support to the baseball program including Dugout Club members, Cardinal Athletic Fund members, and season-ticket holders of other Louisville sports programs. Any fans who qualify for the pre-sale opportunity will receive an email today with details on that process. Following the pre-sale, ticket packages (offered for less than $5 per seat, per game) will be available to all on a first-come, first-serve basis. Fans will be encouraged to get groups of friends and family together for their seating options and accommodations will be made via a “sit-together form”.
Since opening the gates at Jim Patterson Stadium in 2005, the Cardinals have won more than 78 percent of their games in the ballpark posting a 346-97 record (.781 winning percentage), including an impressive 33-4 mark during the 2017 season at the corner of Third and Central. Louisville has won 69 of its last 76 games at Jim Patterson Stadium.
Fans can follow Louisville baseball on Twitter (@UofLBaseball) at http://twitter.com/uoflbaseball and on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/ulbaseball.
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar, right, swears in during their sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Katherine Ebert, left, gives their statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. Nassar is seated far right. The former Michigan Sta...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Erin Blayer, left, listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving their statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. ...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar appears for their sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being...
(AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File). FILE - In this March 3, 2012, file photo, gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York. Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected their request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted them with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. They later apologized, saying they had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" they would fine them or send them to jail under their contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, they added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
"I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth," Cunningham said.
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on their work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing. It follows a hearing last week where Nassar, 54, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and their home.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says they were assaulted during Nassar's decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after they listened to two of their daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said their parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," they told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Them father then stepped up and asked the judge if they would grant them "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down their request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting them have this power over us," they said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that they just snapped. They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of their conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case.
Outside court, Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said of Margraves' actions.
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that their accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said they were stepping down.
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences. Their first, 60 years in a federal prison, was ordered in December for child pornography crimes.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ERIN, Wis. – Mike Davis wanted to make a point abundantly clear Wednesday at the U.S. Open.
The perception that the USGA trimmed the deep fescue on four holes at Erin Hills in response to a few vocal players on social media? Simply not true.
“It's not as if we don't listen to feedback from players,” Davis said, “but I will tell you in this case, it had nothing to do – absolutely zero – with what the players were saying. We looked at some spots and we said this is simply not going to play properly.”
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
Skeptics remained, especially after videos like Kevin Na's hacks from the unplayable rough and Lee Westwood's hiding caddie gained traction on social media.
Davis, the USGA's course-setup czar, said the decision to cut the rough on Nos. 4, 12, 14 and 18 was made on Monday afternoon, after consulting with the course superintendent. (Those areas were mowed to 4 or 5 inches in length, which was standard for the first cut here.) Erin Hills received about 2 inches of rain Monday night and Tuesday morning, making what was already thick fescue after a rainy spring even denser.
“Every single year at a U.S. Open we are altering the rough right up to the end,” Davis said. “That's a standard operating procedure for every single Open I've ever been involved with.”
Davis wasn't worried about the length of the fescue being an issue come Thursday. The fairways at Erin Hills are “50 percent” wider than typical U.S. Open corridors. “The penalty for hitting in the rough has been part of the test of golf,” they said.
Andres Oppenheimer is a syndicated columnist, and anchor of the TV Show "Oppenheimer Presenta."  They are a member of the Miami Herald team that won the 1987 Pulitzer Prize.
DAVOS, Switzerland — Maurice Manificat of France and Davos specialist Ingvild Flugstad Oestberg won long-distance freestyle races in the cross-country skiing World Cup on Sunday.
Manificat completed the 15-kilometre men's course 4.0 seconds faster than two-time world champion Sergei Ustyugov of Russia.
Another Russian, Alexander Bolshunov, was third trailing 14.6 behind Manificat's time of just under 34 minutes. Bolshunov closed the gap on overall World Cup leader Johannes Hoesflot Klaebo of Norway.
Oestberg won the 10-kilometre race 5.9 seconds ahead of fellow Norwegian Ragnhild Haga. Third-placed Krista Parmakoski of Finland was 7.9 back.
“Davos is my favourite place, it's almost the only venue I can win a World Cup,” said Oestberg, who has three wins at the Swiss resort.
World Cup leader Charlotte Kalla of Sweden was eighth, 26 seconds back.
Posted by meemaw on Oct 6, 2017 3:56 PM EDT
The PCLinuxOS Magazine Mail this story
Print this story
The PCLinuxOS Magazine staff is pleased to announce the release of the October 2017 issue. With the exception of a brief period in 2009, The PCLinuxOS Magazine has been published on a monthly basis since September, 2006. The PCLinuxOS Magazine is a product of the PCLinuxOS community, published by volunteers from the community. The magazine is lead by Paul Arnote, Chief Editor, and Assistant Editor Meemaw. The PCLinuxOS Magazine is released under the Creative Commons Attribution- NonCommercial-Share-Alike 3.0 Unported license, and some rights are reserved. All articles may be freely reproduced via any and all means following first publication by The PCLinuxOS Magazine, provided that attribution to both The PCLinuxOS Magazine and the original author are maintained, and a link is provided to the originally published article.
In the October 2017 issue:
* Happy 14th, PCLinuxOS!
* Lyx: A Visual Approach To Typesetting In TeX
* Tip Top Tips: Mass Removal Of The Executable Attribute From Files
* ms_meme's Nook: The Birth Of PCLinuxOS
* Inkscape Tutorial: Draw A Cartoon Turkey
* MultiCD: Finally, A Multiboot That Works
* PCLinuxOS Puzzled Partitions
* Feeling Safe With Your Webcam & Microphone?
* Google Maps Tips
* And much more inside!
This month's magazine cover image was designed by parnote.
Download the PDF (12.3 MB)
http://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=2017-10.pdf
Download the EPUB Version (5.8 MB)
http://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=201710epub.epub
Download the MOBI Version (7.3 MB)
http://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=201710mobi.mobi
Visit the HTML Version
http://pclosmag.com/html/enter.html
(Evan Frost/Minnesota Public Radio via AP). Defense Attorney Paul Engh leaves the Ramsey County Courthouse after presenting closing arguments in the case of Jeronimo Yanez in St. Paul, Minn. on Monday, June 12, 2017.
(AP Photo/Jim Mone, File). FILE - In this July 25, 2016, file photo, a memorial including a photo of Philando Castile adorns the gate to the governor's residence in St. Paul, Minn., protesting the July 6, 2016 shooting death of Castile by St. Anthony p...
(David Joles/Star Tribune via AP, File). FILE - In this May 30, 2017, file photo, St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez stands outside the Ramsey County Courthouse while waiting for a ride in St. Paul, Minn. Closing arguments are set for Monday, Ju...
By STEVE KARNOWSKI and AMY FORLITIAssociated Press
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - A jury deliberating a manslaughter charge against a Minnesota police officer in the death of a black motorist was struggling to reach agreement on Wednesday, ending its third day without a verdict after a judge's order to continue trying.
Jury deliberations began Monday in the manslaughter trial of Officer Jeronimo Yanez, who shot 32-year-old Philando Castile during a July 6 traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb after Castile informed the officer that they were carrying a gun. Castile had a permit for the firearm.
Yanez, attorneys and family members for both Yanez and Castile returned to court Wednesday afternoon, leading to speculation a verdict had been reached. Judge William Leary, without explanation, re-read a portion of the jury instructions to jurors and told them to resume talks.
The material dealt with jurors carefully considering and re-examining their views and their duty to "deliberate with a view toward reaching agreement."
The hearing took just a couple of minutes. The jury went back to continue deliberations but broke for the day soon after without a verdict. Deliberations will resume Thursday.
On Tuesday, jurors requested another look at dashcam video captured by Yanez's squad car that shows the shooting. The jury also watched a replay of the video that Castile's girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, livestreamed on Facebook beginning seconds after Castile had been shot.
Defense attorneys contend the 29-year-old Latino officer saw Castile reach for their weapon, that Yanez was scared for their life and was justified in shooting Castile. Prosecutors insist Yanez never saw a gun and had plenty of options short of shooting Castile, an elementary school cafeteria worker they say was never a threat. Witness testified that the gun was in the pocket of Castile's shorts when paramedics pulled them from the vehicle.
The squad-car video shows a wide view of the traffic stop and the shooting, with the camera pointed toward Castile's car. While it captures what was said between the two men and shows Yanez firing into the vehicle, it does not show what happened inside the car or what Yanez might have seen.
The failure to reach a quick verdict reflects the infrequent convictions of police officers. Data compiled by Philip Stinson, a criminologist at Ohio's Bowling Green State University who tracks fatal police shootings, shows about 35 percent of the 82 officers nationwide charged with murder or manslaughter since 2005 were convicted.
Almost 40 percent resulted in non-convictions, including several recent cases that ended in mistrials or acquittals when an officer testified they feared for their life, Stinson told The Associated Press.
"In these cases, it does seem that jurors are very reluctant to second guess the split-second decision of a police officer in a very violent street encounter," Stinson said. "Despite the best prosecution efforts, at the end of trial the defense puts the police officer on (the stand) - and that's all they wrote."
Castile's mother, Valerie, declined comment Wednesday. Danny Givens Jr., a pastor who works with Black Lives Matter Minneapolis and who has been spending time with the family, describe their mood as "prayerful, hopeful, more importantly just staying in the moment and supporting one another."
Reynolds' video of the gruesome aftermath of the shooting was shared widely, and included their statements that Castile hadn't been reaching for their gun.
The squad-car video shows Yanez approaching Castile's car and asking for a driver's license and proof of insurance. Castile appears to give something to Yanez through the driver's side window. Castile is then heard saying, "Sir, I have to tell you, I do have a firearm on me." Before Castile finishes that sentence, Yanez has their hand on their own gun and is pulling it out of the holster. There is shouting, and Yanez screams "Don't pull it out!" before they fire seven shots into the car.
Yanez is charged with second-degree manslaughter, punishable by up to 10 years in prison, though sentencing guidelines suggest around four years is more likely. They also face two lesser counts of endangering Reynolds and their daughter for firing their gun into the car near them.
Conviction on the manslaughter charge requires the jury to find Yanez guilty of "culpable negligence," which the judge described in jury instructions as gross negligence with an element of recklessness.
The 12-member jury includes two blacks. The rest are white. None is Latino.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For decades, the low-fat diet has been to health and weight as Marxism to political governance: a catastrophic failure. People are fatter and sicker than ever. Why? Because lowering fat intake results in compensatory carb intake. Especially sugar. And sugar makes you fat and unhealthy. But, like Marxists, lipophobes will never admit their first premises are wrong, even when confronted by incontrovertible evidence.
A 2017 Canadian study at McMaster University, for example, known as PURE (Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology), followed the diets of more than 135,000 people from 18 countries of varied economic status for an average of seven-and-a-half years. Their researchers found that higher fat consumption and lower carbohydrate consumption were associated with lower mortality.
This did not come as news to glucosophobes who have known for decades that any form of fat, when eaten without the complicating effects of carbohydrates, is good for us (your blood work will prove it), and that the only true poison is refined sugar. If you follow this subject closely, you soon find that lipophiles of a purist disposition — those following a paleo (low carb, the kind of diet our ancestors ate) or a “keto” regime (ketogenic — high fat, moderate protein, no carbs) — harbour the visceral contempt for lipophobia that Joe McCarthy felt for Communists.
But don't listen to me. There's a new Australian film out on Netflix, The Magic Pill, and if you're interested in health and its relationship to diet, you'll find it riveting. If you are new to the debate, but assume fat is the enemy, watch with an open mind. It may change your life for the better.
The film opens with the question: “Why are so many people around the world fat and sick? Why are we dying of what seem to be preventable diseases that didn't afflict our ancestors?” Then the film's narrator, celebrity chef Pete Evans, who themselves took the anti-sugar pledge some time ago, takes us on a journey of exploration among representatives from that obese, sick demographic to answer the question and show the simple way back to health.
The film's production values are slick and entertaining, but its teaching method is ages old: Human stories. First, a visit to an Australian Aborigine community (which, importantly, is “dry” — the community forswore alcohol some time ago). The people there are mostly overweight, virtually all diabetic, and their cemetery reveals a sad commonality of premature death. Yet they remember that their grandfathers were lean and hardy, and died of old age. All that has changed is their colonial diet, which is high in carbohydrates, especially sugar. A group of them agree to an experiment: a 10-week retreat eating nothing but the fat, animal protein and green vegetables their grandparents lived on. Zero sugar.
Evans makes the same deal with other individuals pretty well at the end of their health tethers. One obese retired nurse was dependent on a pharmacopeia of meds for their diabetes, blood pressure and related ills. They were miserable, even felt moribund. Another was overweight and asthmatic. The most fascinating subject was Abigail, a five-year-old autistic and seizure-prone girl, whose diet consisted of crackers, chicken fingers and apple juice. The parents were beside themselves trying to manage their manic behaviour.
All the subjects went through their pantries and threw out most of what was in there — cereals, crackers, pasta, sugary sauces, flour, syrups, cookies (basically anything in a box) — and stocked up with oils, butter, meats, fish, eggs, nuts and avocados. Needless to say, the film shows everyone benefiting from the trial. The obese lost masses of weight. Insulin and other diabetic meds were no longer necessary. The asthma ceased.
As you can imagine, the general claims attached to these dramatic and, admittedly, anecdotal results have caused controversy and some angry blowback. The causal links of carb elimination to blood pressure and diabetes are well established. But the documentary also tracks a cancer patient whose tumour shrinks. Is that a causal or coincidental connection? Since it may raise impossible hopes for many viewers, it's regrettable they included it.
The obese lost masses of weight. Insulin and other diabetic meds were no longer necessary. The asthma ceased
By far the most fascinating case was Abigail. We had seen them practically bouncing off the walls before the change in diet (which took five agonizing days of willful self-starvation before capitulation). Afterward, we see them calmly sitting and drawing, holding conversations and following instructions. Them doctor swears it's for real. “She's able to concentrate, and she's able to progress, because she's not running all over the place … Them seizures are going down, and we have tangible data from the school. We are actually starting to wean them off of the anti-convulsory narcotic that she's on.”
I know, I know. There are documentaries and then there are bogus “documentaries.” I believe this is the real McCoy. You may be skeptical. Fine. But humour me and watch it anyway.
• Email: kaybarb@gmail.com | Twitter: BarbaraRKay
WASHINGTON — Two members of Congress suggested on Wednesday that they and their staff members should carry guns in the wake of the shooting attack that wounded Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and others.
“You look at the vulnerability, I can assure you from this day forward, I have a carry permit, I will be carrying when I'm out and about,” Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY), a close ally of President Trump in Congress, said in an interview with WKBW.
According to Collins, this was not their usual practice, but the attack prompted them to take a new approach.
“On a rare occasion I'd have my gun in the glove box or something, but it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward,” Collins said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hodgkinson's Friend: I Just Want People to Know They Aren't Evil 1:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the Republicans who was present at the shooting, Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-GA), raised the issue as well, saying one of their aides could have had a “clear shot” at the gunman if they had a weapon.
“If this had happened in Georgia, they wouldn't have gotten too far,” Loudermilk told reporters, according to the Washington Post. “I had a staff member who was in their car maybe 20 yards behind the shooter, who was pinned in their car, who back in Georgia carries a 9-millimeter in their car.”
Loudermilk suggested Washington's stricter gun laws discouraged members and their staff from carrying firearms and that Congress should consider "some kind of reciprocity" for members with permission to carry a weapon at home. Virginia, where the shooting happened, has more permissive laws regarding firearms.
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State has added Colorado State transfer Prentiss Nixon, a 6-foot-2 guard who averaged a team-high 16.2 points per game as a junior last season for the Rams.
Nixon also hit 152 3-pointers in three seasons at Colorado State. They will sit out next season and be eligible to play in 2019-2020, coach Steve Prohm said Tuesday.
The addition of Nixon, even if only for one season, would help bolster the Cyclones in the event that star point guard Lindell Wigginton bolts for the NBA. Wigginton is unlikely to be drafted this spring, but that could change if they build on an impressive first-year student campaign.
Former Virginia guard-forward Marial Shayok will also sit next season at Iowa State under NCAA transfer rules.
The Miami Open is being held on Key Biscayne for the final time during the next two weeks; and the new era of the tennis tournament officially began Monday with a lavish groundbreaking ceremony at Hard Rock Stadium, where the event will move in 2019 after 31 years at its tropical, if outdated home.
Miami Dolphins and stadium owner Stephen Ross, 23-time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams, WME-IMG co-president Mark Shapiro and newly-appointed tournament director James Blake were on hand with shovels in hand to promote the new facility.
“For many years, we at IMG tried to spend tens of millions of dollars to upgrade the Miami Open on Key Biscayne, to make it a better experience for media, fans, players, sponsors,” Shapiro said. “We did not want to leave Key Biscayne. Unfortunately, for reasons I still can't get my arms around [a lengthy lawsuit over land use], we weren't able to spend that money, weren't able to make those improvements.
“So, in walked through the door my dear friend, Stephen Ross, a titan in the industry, a bold innovator, truly a big-vision guy and alongside them Tom Garfinkel, one of the best operators in all sports. When you combine their team with our team at IMG, you get a new life, a new beginning for the Miami Open.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
General admission parking will increase from 2,500 to 5,166 spaces. On-site courts will increase from 21 to 30, and there will be 18 practice courts instead of nine. Twenty courts will be lighted (six are now), and the secondary Grandstand stadium will include a player lounge, locker rooms and a gym.
Groundbreaking for new Miami Open at Hard Rock Stadium as Mark Shapiro (from left), Serena Williams, Stephen Ross and James Blake do the honors. The tournament kicks off on Key Biscayne Wednesday and will relocate to Hard Rock Stadium in 2019. C.M. GUERRERO. cmguerrero@miamiherald.com
Center court will be inside the stadium, with 13,800 specially configured seats. Dining and lounge spaces will triple to 30,000-plus square feet, the gym space will triple, and locker rooms will nearly double in size. In addition to hospitality inside the stadium there will be a permanent food/entertainment court outside.
Ross said: “I grew up in Miami, kept roots here, and when I read about the possibility that the Miami Open would be moving, I contacted Mark and told him, `Hey, I've got a great place for you, plenty of land, something unique, they thought I was crazy. They said, `What do you mean? It's a football stadium. How are you going to make a great place for tennis?' I think we're going to create a truly great venue.”
Adam Barrett, the event's longtime director and current executive vice president, understands fans' emotional ties to Key Biscayne, and realizes there are skeptics who feel the Open will lose its unique ambiance.
“Those same skeptics would have said why would you build a tennis tournament at a trash transfer station, or a dump,” they said. “We took a trash transfer station and built it to what it is today on Key Biscayne, and this is a lot easier because now we're taking a high-end premium venue and leveraging all their amenities to grow and reinvent the tournament. I am very excited and optimistic for what the future brings.”
Tennis superstar Serena Williams speaks to the media announcing the Miami Open will relocate to the Hard Rock Stadium in 2019, on Mon., March 19, 2018. C.M. GUERRERO. cmguerrero@miamiherald.com
Williams has won eight titles on Key Biscayne and attended as a fan when they were a child. They reminisced about watching Gabriela Sabatini, Steffi Graf and Monica Seles.
They admitted that she, too “thought Steve was crazy” when they proposed the move. “When I heard they were going to move it, it literally broke my heart. It was devastating. But when I look at the photos now of how it's going to be, I'm really excited. I am so happy this tournament is still going to be in Miami, and it's still a place I can always call home.”
On Wednesday afternoon, Williams, back from maternity leave and entered as a wild card, plays their opening match against big-hitting Naomi Osaka, a 20-year-old Haitian-American-Japanese player who just won the title at Indian Wells, California, and moved up to No. 22 in the world.
Blake lamented that rules didn't allow Williams to keep their seeding points and get an easier draw. They said: “It's great in one sense, we have an unbelievable blockbuster match for Wednesday, but one of them is going to be gone by Thursday. But anyone that's going to count Serena out is doing so at their own peril.”
Added Barrett: “To open up your event on a Wednesday with a premium match starring the winner of Indian Wells and the greatest player of all time and follow that with former No. 1 [Viktoria Azarenka] playing another top American (Cici Bellis), this may be our best opening Wednesday in the history of the event. It's a great way to kick off our last year on Key Biscayne.”
Susan Bro, the mother of Heather Heyer, holds a photo of Bro's mother and their daughter, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Charlottesville, Va. Heyer was killed Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, when police say a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally. Bro said that they are going to bare their soul to fight for the cause that their daughter died for. Joshua Replogle AP Photo
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) – Willie Nelson is blaming Utah's high altitude for forcing them to cut a performance near Salt Lake City short.
Nelson ended their show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night.
They later apologized in a statement posted to their Twitter and Facebook accounts.
The 84-year-old country music legend explained: “The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground.”
Nelson's publicist didn't immediately respond to a request for further comment Monday.
Nelson was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year because of what their publicist said was a bad cold.
This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground — Willie Nelson (@WillieNelson) August 14, 2017
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Vice President Mike Pence waves as they arrive for an America First Policies Event, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Pittsburgh. Keith Srakocic AP Photo
A road in Ballyclare has reopened to traffic after an earlier road traffic collision.
A PSNI spokesperson said: “The Collin Road, Ballyclare has been reopened. Thank you for your understanding.”
J.C. Penney is delaying the closure of 138 stores by several weeks after more shoppers started visiting the closing locations.
J.C. Penney is delaying the closure of 138 stores by several weeks after more shoppers started visiting the closing locations.
The Pennsylvania-based clothing retailer rue21 announced over the weekend that it would be closing nearly 400 stores across the country.
The Pennsylvania-based clothing retailer rue21 announced over the weekend that it would be closing nearly 400 stores across the country.
(RNN) - Rue21 reportedly is closing 400 of its 1,194 stores in the U.S., about a third of its stores, the Associated Press reported.
The retailer, which focuses on young adult clothing, announced the closure on Facebook, saying: "It was a difficult but necessary decision. We still have hundreds of locations across the country, and our website, rue21.com, open for business."
Though the company didn't have a list of stores slated for closure available in one comprehensive list, consumers could see which stores were closing by going to the website.
No timeframe was given for the store closures, which account for about a third of its locations.
The retailers join a long list that are retooling their operations to focus on online sales, or are getting out of business entirely.
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved
Subscribe today to Plane & Pilot magazine for industry news, reviews and much more delivered straight to you!
Life is full of ups and downs, and so is pursuing aviation, both literally and figuratively. When we start taking flying lessons, we are all warned about the learning plateaus we will have to overcome. It is not always smooth sailing to become good at something, especially something as challenging and complex as flying an airplane—but isn't that challenge part of why we are drawn to flying? In great effort, there is great reward. But embarking on a new venture can also test our resolve, dedication, motivation and self-confidence.
Doing something new is exciting and energizes our brains, but It takes a brave person to take the plunge and walk into a new environment. Whether pursuing a private pilot's license or an advanced rating, or just trying to maintain currency, failure or success is all up to you. Most pilots I've met are self-confident Type-A people, and success is something they thrive on. But self-confidence is also a tricky, precarious and sometimes elusive thing, even for the most successful people. One day you have it, the next day you don't. It can take a mere sideways glance or a raised eyebrow to erode it, and then, poof, it's gone in a second. When we step out of our comfort zone into a new environment, self-doubt and lack of self-confidence can affect even the most accomplished people, and we might ask ourselves: “What am I doing here?” “Can I ever be good at this?” “Do I belong?”
I am not the corny platitude type. I don't usually rely on clichés, but I have to admit that even I sometimes put a postcard up next to my desk with a little saying that helps me get through the day. For a while I had a Zen quote: “The secret to life is to not waste time.” Then a quote from the movie “Miami Vice:” “Probability is like gravity. You can't negotiate with gravity.” I'm not exactly sure what it means, but I like it. By the way, “Miami Vice” both from 1984 and the 2006 movie have great quotes like Sonny Crockett's character saying: “You've got to know the rules before you can break ‘em. Otherwise, it's no fun.” Let's face it, we all need a dose of inspiration from time to time, so that “When the going gets tough, the tough keep going.”
I know firsthand how hard it is to overcome a bad day in flying. We reach plateaus where we don't feel we are making progress, forget things, can't find the ground and flare too high on landing. Sometimes we just do something dumb, so maybe this is the time to drag out a few of those corny platitudes that can help get us over a hump or a slump and give us a little shot of self-confidence just when we need it. “You were born to be real, not to be perfect” is truly corny and gag-worthy, but you have to admit that it is sort of true. Keep in mind that whatever your footsteps today—a bouncy landing or otherwise—we can take solace in the fact that someone has gone there before us. Everyone makes mistakes.
Sometimes we face discouragement and frustration. Most CFIs are professional but if, for the second time in a row, your instructor didn't show up and had to cancel your lesson, try not to let it get the better of you. “Life is about kicking ass, not kissing it!” This sentiment helps me at times. This might be the time to stand up, find another instructor and move on. Don't worry about hurting their feelings. This is about you and your desire to learn to fly.
A friend called me recently and said they were afraid of a taking a cross-country trip in their small airplane, although they really wanted to go. We looked at the weather together and its improving trend, so I told them just take it one step at a time and fly from airport to airport. The ceilings weren't high, but they were VFR and safe enough to not run into any obstacles or towers, plus there were a lot of airports along the way. Surpassing limitations means dipping your feet into the water a toe at a time, and, who knows, you might be surprised at what you're capable of. “The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do.”
“Give it all you've got; you never know if there will be a next time:” I have used it a number of times in competition, telling myself that even though I loved precision aerobatics, there might not be another contest, so I'd better give each one all I've got. There might not be another flight lesson (a tsunami might hit, anything can happen), so make the best of every one. Fatalistic? Perhaps, but it is something to think about and a way to consistently get your best performance.
Arthur Ashe, one of tennis' most inspirational champions, said, “One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.” If you're not prepared, you can't blame your own low performance on anyone but yourself (unless, of course, guidance was not given in how to prepare). If you're not prepared and haven't done your ground work, it won't help your level of self-confidence in the air. Preparation will give you your best chance at success.
Whoever said, “Avoid negative people, for they are the greatest destroyers of self-confidence and self-esteem. Surround yourself with people who bring out the best in you,” deserves a medal. There are energy vampires out there—friends or a bad instructor—who don't really support your flying. It's your life, your dream, so find a community of people who do support you—the right flight school, an airport pilot association, EAA, IAC. A feeling of community and belonging is one of the most important things in keeping people involved and interested in pursuing aviation. And if someone doesn't like what you're doing, remember: “A tiger doesn't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.”
“If they can do it, I can do it.” This is my quote and has motivated me many times. The first aerobatic competition I went to as a spectator was a revelation. I watched the top pilots, Clint McHenry and Bob Davis, fly Unlimited aerobatics—the top category—and I said to myself, “If they can do it, I can do it. They are champions, but they are not superhuman (despite what they told me, haha). They're just people who love being around airplanes. I may be 5'3” and not very strong, but I have the desire, and that is the first step toward anything.”
The thing about self-confidence is that the more you have, the more you get, but it's very easy to lose when the ups and downs and plateaus of flying and of life present themselves. Sometimes you have to fight to regain your confidence when your landings weren't the greasers you hoped for or any number of other things, but with practice, you will find that, “You have what it takes.” Learning to fly isn't easy, but the reward of flying solo above the mundane is a reward much greater than just gaining a new skill. When things get tough, it's important to ride it out because the self-confidence you gain will help you succeed in every other area of your life.
At our aerobatic school, I know our new students are excited about the experience they are about to have, but I also know they are apprehensive if it's something completely new for them. I want them to feel that they will do well and enjoy the experience. Most importantly, I want the skills they learn and the experience they have to help them gain a new sense of self- confidence and ultimately more enjoyment out of their flying.
The late James Ray, a man I admired immensely, founded the Central Florida Aerospace Academy, a high school focusing on STEM subjects and encouraging students to take advantage of student scholarships in order to learn to fly. They believed that aviation serves as a platform for accomplishing goals and gaining discipline. They said, “Teaching young people the discipline to require learning the science of flight builds character and confidence. The experience of solo flight teaches them that they are independent and free-thinking individuals who are fully capable of being in control of their own lives.”
Self-confidence is an important quality for a pilot to have. A self-confident (not overly confident) pilot will face new challenges by using their head, thinking things out, not giving up and not feeling defeated. We can't prepare for everything that might happen when we're in the air, but when faced with new situations like worsening weather, cross winds or navigation challenges, a pilot needs a confident attitude to be able to think clearly, perhaps doing a 180-degree turn or a go-around when necessary.
A quote by contemporary author John Raynolds speaks well to pilots: “Self-confidence is not taught or learned; it is earned by surpassing your own self-limitations.” Denis Waitley said, “To establish true self-esteem, we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and negatives in our lives.” Time to man up and not let anything get us down: “Self-confidence: Rock it.”
Patty Wagstaff is a three-time U.S. National Aerobatic champion, inductee of the National Aviation Hall of Fame and one of the world's top airshow pilots. Visit pattywagstaff.com/school or reach Patty via email through [email protected].
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
[October 06, 2017] New MTBC talkEHR Customer Shares Enthusiastic Feedback, Upgrades to Full Billing Solution
SOMERSET, N.J., Oct. 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MTBC (NASDAQ:MTBC) (NASDAQ: MTBCP), a leading provider of mHealth and cloud-based clinical and practice management solutions, today shared feedback from one of the many new users of its recently launched product, talkEHR™, a next-generation, voice-enabled electronic health records (EHR) solution.
“I have been using talkEHR and absolutely love how user friendly and intuitive it is and how it allows me to spend more time with patients instead of being bogged down by the clicking required by other EHRs,” said Dr. Rama Devineni, a new talkEHR client. Dr. Devineni, who recently transitioned from another EHR, continued, “MTBC's implementation and support has been tremendous as we've worked to seamlessly transition my clinical data.” In discussing talkEHR's readiness to support new industry requirements and reporting, they added, “I believe it's also one of the very best EHRs for keeping up with MACRA, MIPS, and CQMs and managing population health.” In addition to using MTBC's talkEHR, Dr. Devineni, an Arizona-based primary care provider, recently upgraded to talkEHR's premium billing solution, which is billed at 2.95% of a practice's gross collections.  They are representative of a larger universe of healthcare providers who are embracing MTBC's talkEHR and considering MTBC's premium billing solution. talkEHR automates and increases patient charting efficiency by using artificial intelligence and natural language processing. It is a complete Meaningful Use 3 certified clinical platform which includes electronic prescriptions, appointment scheduling, automated patient reminders, electronic claims submission and quality incentive support along with patient engagement applications such as the patient portal and a patient check-in app. talkEHR is offered completely free of cost to all U.S. healthcare providers. talkEHR users are eligible to upgrade to MTBC's premium, end-to-end, medical billing solution, which is available at one of the lowest price points in the industry. Healthcare providers interested in learning more can visit www.talkEHR.com . About MTBC MTBC is a healthcare information technology company that provides a fully integrated suite of proprietary web-based solutions, together with related business services, to healthcare providers throughout the United States. Our integrated Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform helps our customers increase revenues, streamline workflows and make better business and clinical decisions, while reducing administrative burdens and operating costs. MTBC's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "MTBC," and its Series A Preferred Stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "MTBCP."
For additional information, please visit our website at www.mtbc.com . Follow MTBC on TWITTER , LINKEDIN and FACEBOOK . talkEHR™ is a trademark of MTBC. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to anticipated future events, future results of operations or future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "goals", "intend", "likely", "may", "plan", "potential", "predict", "project", "will" or the negative of these terms or other similar terms and phrases. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, without limitation, statements reflecting management's expectations for future financial performance and operating expenditures, expected growth, profitability and business outlook, increased sales and marketing expenses, and the expected results from the integration of our acquisitions. Forward-looking statements are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by such statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the company's ability to manage growth; integrate acquisitions; effectively migrate and keep newly acquired customers and other important risks and uncertainties referenced and discussed under the heading titled "Risk Factors" in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. The statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, even if subsequently made available by the Company on its website or otherwise. The Company does not assume any obligations to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.
Company and Investor Contact: Bill Korn Chief Financial Officer Medical Transcription Billing, Corp. bkorn@mtbc.com (732) 873-5133
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California would set standards for organic marijuana, allow pot samples at county fairs and permit home deliveries under legislation set to be considered by lawmakers Thursday as the state prepares for next year's start of legal marijuana sales.
Lawmakers and Gov. Jerry Brown's administration are working to merge California's new voter-approved recreational pot law with the state's longstanding medical marijuana program. They have settled on an array of regulations to protect consumers and public safety while ensuring taxes are collected.
The provisions were tucked into the state budget agreement between Brown and top legislative Democrats announced this week following months of negotiations with businesses operating illegally or in the legal medical marijuana field and investors who want to enter the nation's largest legal marijuana market.
"One of the biggest challenges we have is taking a multi-billion-dollar industry out of the dark and now into the light," said Sen. Mike McGuire, a Democrat whose district includes much of Northern California's prime marijuana growing region.
By 2018, state officials must have crafted regulations and rules governing the emerging legal marijuana market with an estimated annual sales value of $7 billion — ranging from where and how plants can be grown to setting guidelines to track the buds from fields to stores. Full legal sales are expected to roll out later in the year.
In general, the state will treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing people 21 and older to legally possess up to an ounce of marijuana and grow six marijuana plants at home.
The budget agreement includes $118 million to pay for startup costs for the newly regulated industry, including technology and staff to work on regulations and issue licenses. The state will open a tax office in the remote region north of San Francisco so marijuana businesses can pay their taxes in cash without having to drive long distances with thousands of dollars.
Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, pot businesses generally cannot open bank accounts, conduct credit card transactions or otherwise use the federally regulated banking system.
The legislation outlines baseline rules for marijuana businesses and was crafted to promote a new artisanal industry in a state that has embraced craft beer and small wineries.
It would require state regulators to come up with rules for marijuana producers to call their goods organic — an important designation for California consumers that cannot be used on pot under federal rules. The state would also create standards for official marijuana varietals and growing regions, known as appellations, so craft producers can distinguish their products based on the unique strain and growing conditions like winemakers do.
With temporary licenses from the state, businesses would be allowed to sell pot and provide samples at county fairs, regional agricultural associations and cannabis festivals.
Growers would be allowed to form agricultural cooperatives without running afoul of antitrust laws. Businesses would be able to legally grow, distribute and sell their own product, though firms performing safety tests will have to be independent, with no financial ties to growers or retailers.
Keeping an open container of marijuana in a vehicle would be illegal like it is for alcohol in California, except for people with a medical card or doctor's note.
Brown and lawmakers agreed to allow sellers with no public storefronts to deliver marijuana directly to customers.
"There are thousands of businesses currently engaged in this type of commerce," Hezekiah Allen, executive director of the California Growers Association. "The more of them that can get licensed, the better off the state is going to be, the faster we'll be able to get rid of the criminal element and the faster we'll be able to make sure the product is safe and tested."
Apart from the GST Commissioner, the CBI has also arrested three people from their staff and other five people under graft charges. An FIR has also been registered against Sansar Singh's wife in the bribery case. Reportedly, CBI made the arrests after they received multiple complaints in the matter. Sources suggested that Sansar Singh along with those arrested allegedly took bribes in lager sum from different business person.
On Saturday morning, the Criminal Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested the GST commissioner from Kanpur along with other eight people over bribe charges. As per reports doing rounds, the GST commissioner identified as Sansar Singh has been arrested by the CBI for taking and demanding a bribe. Apart from the GST Commissioner, the CBI has also arrested three people from their staff and other five people under graft charges. An FIR has also been registered against Sansar Singh's wife in the bribery case.
According to reports, CBI has registered a case against Kanpur GST commissioner for taking around Rs 1.5 lakhs as the bribe. Apart from the preliminary investigation, the CBI is also said to be checking their backgrounds. Reportedly, CBI made the arrests after they received multiple complaints in the matter. Sources suggested that Sansar Singh along with those arrested allegedly took bribes in lager sum from different business person and other individuals in order to get their work done. The reports of GST Commissioner from Kanpur being arrested by the CBI comes just a few days after a senior officer of the Commercial Taxes Department was arrested by the Andhra Pradesh Anti-Corruption Bureau.
The accused GST commissioner Sansar Chand, who was arrested by the CBI on Saturday morning belonged to the 1986 batch of IRS officer. The arrest of the senior officer of the Commercial Taxes Department (CTD) was made after complaints erupted stating that they owned over Rs 150 cr worth of assets in the name of their relatives and friends. After conducting searches at their house along with their relatives' house at about 20 places in Andhra Pradesh CBI found that they were possessing assets disproportionate to known sources of income.
Osinbajo meets South East leaders over Biafra, Arewa youth threat
Mr. Osinbajo says there is no doubt the government will deal decisively with troublemakers.
The post Osinbajo meets South East leaders over Biafra, Arewa youth threat appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NPAN, editors, IPC slam EFCC raid on The Sun
The Newspaper Proprietors' Association of Nigeria (NPAN), the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) and the International Press Centre (IPC) Lagos-Nigeria have condemned the invasion of the premises of The Sun Publishing Limited by heavily armed operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in the early hours of Monday.
The fierce-looking operatives prevented workers of the organisation from either entering or leaving its premises and, in the process, disrupted the circulation processes.
In separate statements, NPAN, NGE and IPC said they received the news of the invasion with grave concern.
NPAN President Nduka Obaigbena's statement reads: “Facts before the NPAN indicate that the EFCC operatives swooped on the newspaper in the early morning of June 12, while Nigerians were commemorating the historic day of free expression, and ordered security men to take them on a guided tour of the premises of the newspaper.
“The EFCC operatives subsequently prevented journalists and staff from performing their constitutional duties, and abridging their rights to free speech by preventing those who were in the premises from leaving, and others reporting for duty from entering the premises.
“Although the EFCC said they were there to enforce a 10-year old Interim Order of Forfeiture on the shareholding of Sun Newspapers, the editors of the Sun Newspapers said the EFCC officials were there on a vengeance and intimidation mission to settle scores on several stories published by the newspaper, including the alleged ownership of certain properties by the wife of the EFCC Acting Chairman for which the Acting Chairman had threatened libel lawsuits.
“Instead of lawsuits, the EFCC operatives raided the newspaper offices to revive a 10-year old Interim Order of Forfeiture that is already before an appellate court.
“Given these developments, it is our considered view that the EFCC, being a state institution and a creation of the law, cannot be above the law: and the manner of the invasion tends to suggest that the EFCC was out on a self-help mission, a voyage to intimidate journalists, criminalise journalism and cower free speech.
“We should continue to remind ourselves that this crude tactics of invasion of media houses and harassment of journalists did not work in the past, is not going to work now, and will never work. It is unknown to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
“We call on the Federal Government of Nigeria and all people of reason and goodwill to call the EFCC to order for the greater good of the Federal Republic Nigeria and the rule of law.”
NGE President Funke Egbèmode, in a statement, said the unwarranted siege to the company subjected workers to crude intimidation, psychological and emotional trauma.
The EFCC, they added, had accused The Sun of publishing pro-Biafra, Boko Haram and Niger Delta militant stories.
The statement reads: “The latest action of the EFCC on a newspaper house is a sad reminder of the dark years of military dictatorship and a deliberate effort to muzzle the press.
“As a statutory agency birthed by an Act of Parliament in a democracy, we had expected the EFCC to explore civil means of addressing perceived infraction by a critical stakeholder in the Nigerian
democratic project.
“Rather than see the Fourth Estate of the Realm as an opposition, the commission should realise that the media is an indispensable partner in its fight against corruption.
“The Guild notes that the latest affront on The Sun by operatives of the EFCC is one in a number of targeted attempts by a section of the nation's security agency to gag free press. We recall the recent expulsion of Mr. Olalekan Adetayo, the State House correspondent of Punch Newspapers from Aso Rock by Bashir Abubakar, the Chief Security Officer (CSO) to President Muhammadu Buhari.”
It added: “The alleged forfeiture order the EFCC brandished is 10 years old and a matter still before the Court of Appeal. The Guild wonders why the commission felt it had to act ahead of a case before a court of competent jurisdiction. It bears restating that such an attempt to intimidate the media does incalculable damage to the image of the EFCC and indeed the Nigerian government. Besides, it does not only undermine the foundation of our young democracy, it is a major threat to its sustenance and existence.
“The Guild condemns the EFCC action in its entirety and calls on the commission to purge itself of all anti-democratic tendencies in order to foster mutual cooperation with the media and other stakeholders in its crusade against graft.”.
The IPC described the invasion as a violation of the individual rights of the journalists and media workers, besides constituting an assault on press freedom.
Director of IPC, Mr. Lanre Arogundade, in a statement, said the act was uncalled for.
According to him, it was a twist of irony that the invasion occurred on June 12, a day traditionally associated with the vanguard role that the media played in the struggle for democracy in Nigeria.
Arogundade said: “The EFCC owed the nation as a whole and the media and freedom of expression community in particular, an explanation for the unwelcome raid.”
The post NPAN, editors, IPC slam EFCC raid on The Sun appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will — finally — consider the legality of President Donald Trump's controversial "Muslim ban" executive order from their first week in office. Needless to say, pundits from across the political spectrum are portraying the case, Trump v. Hawaii, as a referendum on all-things Trump: from the legal significance of their tweets and campaign statements to the debate over whether their executive orders should be treated as seriously as those issued by their predecessors. Some have even suggested that the case is an opportunity for the Supreme Court to atone for some of its prior mistakes, most notably its blessing of the Japanese-American internment camps during World War II.
But whether the justices ultimately side with the president or the challengers in Trump v. Hawaii, the true winners in this litigation are the federal courts — which have been instrumental in pushing the executive branch to more properly tailor what Trump calls the “travel ban” in the first place. In the midst of the increasingly ubiquitous political insanity of the past 15 months, the judiciary seems to be the one institution that has remained largely immune.
The true winners in this litigation are the federal courts — which have been instrumental in pushing the executive branch to more properly tailor the “travel ban.”
In many ways, litigation arising out of the travel ban has been the biggest test case for the courts in the Trump age. It started with a chaotic series of trial-court rulings in response to the first iteration of the ban, which was not well drafted, vetted, or implemented (recall the chaos at various international airports). By February 3, 2017, a “so-called” federal judge in Seattle had put the ban on hold over grave concerns that it was unlawful (in exceeding the president's statutory authority) and unconstitutional (in violating the due process rights of non-citizens lawfully present within the United States).
Although the government initially asked the court of appeals to reconsider the decision, it declined to pursue that appeal and ended up abandoning the original ban in favor of a somewhat more-nuanced version issued on March 6, 2017. (Trump would later describe it as a “watered-down, politically correct version” that was “tailor[ed]” at the behest of “the lawyers.”)
This second iteration fared only a little better in the courts. It was quickly enjoined by federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii, with those injunctions upheld by the Fourth and Ninth Circuit Courts of Appeals. And when the case first reached the Supreme Court last June, six of the nine justices voted to leave those injunctions in place for anyone with a “bona fide relationship with the United States” while the Court considered the ban on the merits.
Once again, rather than push the justices into what was likely to be an adverse ruling on the merits, the government went back to the drawing board. And on Sept. 27, 2017, Trump issued their third iteration of the travel ban (the one the justices are now considering), which led the Court to dismiss the government's appeal of version two on the ground that it was moot. The third version adds still more nuance, nominally includes at least two countries that aren't Muslim-majority, and creates a series of case-specific exceptions ostensibly to address concerns of overreach.
There are still powerful statutory, constitutional and moral arguments against even this third version of the travel ban (David Cole, the ACLU's legal director, offers a concise summary). But, unlike the first two versions, the ban is now plausibly — if superficially — defensible. To put the matter simply, it's going to be close — and will almost certainly come down to the votes of the three justices closest to the Court's center, Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Anthony Kennedy and Justice Stephen Breyer.
All of this has led a number of conservative commentators to predict not only that the justices will in fact side with Trump, but that such a ruling will both vindicate them and seriously rebuke the lower federal courts. These partisan courts, the pundits argue, have effectively “joined the resistance,” and the justices will set them straight. The Trump administration has also made noises to this effect, with Assistant Attorney General Beth Williams arguing in a speech to the American Bar Association in March that the courts have been adopting novel legal theories and strategies to freeze the president's policies—rulings that should cause “alarm."
All of this has led a number of conservative commentators to predict not only that the justices will side with Trump, but that such a ruling will rebuke the lower federal courts.
Among the many problems with these arguments is the fact that they fail to account for two different— but equally important — contrary bodies of evidence. First, with respect to the travel ban itself, the only reason why there's even a chance that the government will prevail now is because of the lessons it took away from its earlier losses in the courts. That is to say, if the third version of the travel ban is legal, it is largely, if not entirely, because earlier judicial rulings forced it to be. Judges did their job, and the government, as is its right, reacted. That's not federal courts running amok; it's federal courts being federal courts.
Second, while all of this is going on, lower federal courts are continuing to rule against Trump's other immigration policies without anywhere near the same fanfare or controversy. Last Thursday, for example, the Chicago-based federal appeals court sustained a nationwide injunction against a pair of funding restrictions that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had imposed against so-called “sanctuary cities,” concluding that Sessions had no authority to tie such funding to the specifics of state or local immigration policies. As Judge Ilana Rovner (appointed to two different judgeships by President Ronald Reagan and President George H.W. Bush, respectively) wrote for the court:
Our role in this case is not to assess the optimal immigration policies for our country; that is not before us today. Rather, the issue before us strikes at one of the bedrock principles of our nation, the protection of which transcends political party affiliation and rests at the heart of our system of government—the separation of powers.
Like the Chicago ruling, the work of the federal courts during the Trump presidency to date has consistently shown fidelity to longstanding principles concerning the role of the judicial system—a role that has been put to the test by many of the novel policies expounded (often in novel ways) by the Trump administration.
That the Supreme Court is only hearing a case about the travel ban now, with the ban in its third iteration, is not proof that the federal courts have joined the resistance; it's proof that they've been the one governmental institution that continues to serve the American people in the way the Founding Fathers intended.
Steve Vladeck (@steve_vladeck) is a professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law whose teaching and research focus on federal jurisdiction, constitutional law, and national security law. Steve is co-editor-in-chief of the Just Security blog (@just_security) and co-host of the National Security Law Podcast (@nslpodcast).
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The old political cliche “Democrats fall in love, while Republicans fall in line” is nevertheless alive and well when it comes to the Democratic base. Many Democrats, including myself, still do need to be in love to be inspired politically. But what's changed is that we no longer need a particular candidate to set our hearts a flutter. Rather, Democrats have begun to fall head over heels in love with the goal of defeating Donald Trump and their agenda. And to achieve that, it seems more and more Democrats may be willing to check progressive purity at the door in favor of progressive pragmatism.
How far the party has shifted in just a year. Around this time in 2017, my SiriusXM radio show hosted what felt like a nightly battle between Bernie Sanders supporters and Hillary Clinton fans fighting for the heart and soul of the Democratic party.
Sanders supporters believed that the Democratic party must move to the left — or at least nominate very progressive candidates — in order to not line up with their beliefs and lead Democrats to victory in 2018 (and beyond). And to be certified “pure,” these liberals demanded that candidates come out strongly in favor a list of issues Sanders had championed during their 2016 run for president, issues such as healthcare for all, committing to a $15 minimum wage, rejecting PAC money and passing banking reform, to name just a handful. The sense was that these progressive perfectionists were ready to abandon the Democratic Party completely — or at least stay home during the midterm elections — if this didn't happen
Flash forward to March 2018, and I'm now hearing some of those very same Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them. Even more interesting: They seem to be sincere about this new strategy, not resentful.
Flash forward to March 2018, and some Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb, the apparent winner of March 13's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district, would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago. For example, Lamb didn't embrace a $15 minimum wage, saying instead it “sounds high based on what I've been told by many small-business owners in our area.” They also are “pro-gun” and on board with natural gas fracking, a big no-no for many progressives.
Lamb even ran a campaign commercial pushing back against claims by their GOP opponent Rick Saccone that they were an ally of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. “I've already said on the front page of the newspaper that I don't support Nancy Pelosi,” Lamb said.
Despite all of that, few Democrats criticized Lamb for their more centrist stances. Even progressive groups like MoveOn.org were all in for Lamb. As MoveOn.org spokesperson Karine Jean Pierre explained on my radio show on March 11, the grassroots organization committed its full support and resources to Lamb. Why? Because, as Pierre, explained, there are over 8,000 Moveon.org members in Lamb's district and they had made it overwhelmingly clear that they approved of Lamb despite some of their moderate views.
Importantly, this pragmatism didn't start with Lamb. It's been slowly developing over the past year, as we saw during 2017's Virginia governor's race. The Virginia Democratic gubernatorial primary last June pitted establishment-backed Lt. Governor Ralph Northam against Bernie Sanders' pick, Tom Perriello. While Northam was solidly center-left, Perriello was clearly the darling of the progressive wing of the party.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago.
After Perriello was defeated in the primary, there were concerns that the state's more left-leaning Democrats might sit out the November election. The fears of myself and others grew when, just days before the election, Northam said that if elected they would ban so-called sanctuary cities in The Old Dominion State.
But on Election Day, the Democrats were there for Northam, propelling them to a nine-point victory — well ahead of polling that showed them and their GOP rival within the margin of error on election eve. In fact, a record 41 percent of Democrats came out to the polls in this off-year election, of which Northam won 97 percent.
Come 2020, I'm sure there will be fierce, passionate battles about over the progressive credentials of the candidates seeking the Democratic presidential nomination. And there should be. But for 2018, it's looking more and more like Democrats think blocking Trump's agenda in Congress is more important than finding the perfect person to run in every district. Republicans have experienced firsthand the successes of falling in line. The fact that Democrats may be co-opting this strategy should concern them most of all.
Dean Obeidallah, a lawyer, hosts "The Dean Obeidallah Show" on SiriusXM radio's Progress channel and is a columnist for The Daily Beast.
The Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) is in some hot water with legislative auditors.
They're flagging the agency's foster program.
An audit released Monday reveals an overwhelming caseload and high staff turnover.
Officials say those hurdles make it harder for employees to do their job.
Another major concern in the report deals with the department's vetting of its foster care providers.
It claims leaders didn't do thorough checks, resulting in some care providers who were previously involved in cases of abuse or neglect.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
STATE OF MINNESOTA
COUNTY OF ANOKA
TENTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT
DISTRICT COURT
PROBATE DIVISION
Court File No.: 02-PR-17-501
Estate of
Bradley James Becker,
Decedent
NOTICE IS GIVEN that a petition signed by Melissa Ann Danner, for an Order for Summary Assignment or Distribution (Exempt Estate) (Petition) has been filed with the Court.
Any objections to the Petition must be filed with the Court prior to or raised at the hearing. If proper and if no objections are filed or raised the Petition may be granted.
IT IS ORDERED, that the Petition will be heard on November 14, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. by this Court at 325 E. Main Street, Anoka, Minnesota.
1. Notice shall be given to all interested persons (MINN. STAT. 524.1-401) and persons who have filed a demand for notice pursuant to Minnesota Statutes section 524.3-204.
2. Notice is also given that (subject to Minnesota Statutes section 524.3-801) all creditors having claims against the Estate are required to present the claims to the personal representative or to the Court Administrator within four months after the date of this Notice or the claims will be barred.
3. Notice shall be given by:
Mailing a copy of this Notice and Order by U.S. Postal Service at least fifteen days prior to the hearing date.
This Notice and Order shall be served by publishing, at least the order for hearing one time in a legal newspaper for the 20 days before the date of hearing, a copy of the order for hearing one time in a legal newspaper for the county in which the petition is filed.
Dated: September 27, 2017
BY THE COURT
By: /s/ Sharon Hall
Judge of District Court
By: Lori OBrien
Court Administrator
Attorney for Petitioner
Margaret M. Grathwol
CHESTNUT CAMBRONNE PA
17 WASHINGTON AVE N
SUITE 300
Minneapolis, MN 55401
Attorney License No: 0201182
Telephone: (612) 336-2919
FAX: (612) 336-2940
[email protected]
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 13, 2017
740686
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
DANVERS, Mass. (AP) - No, a live alligator was not lurking by the side of a Massachusetts highway this weekend: It was just a plastic toy.
The Salem News (http://bit.ly/2w3mn06 ) reports that police in Danvers got their first report of an alligator along Route 128 at around 8:40 a.m. Sunday. One person walked into a police station to report the alligator on the southbound side of the highway a couple of hours later.
The reports prompted a frenzy on Twitter.
Officers who went to investigate found a foot-and-a-half plastic toy discarded by the side of the road. They removed it.
___
Information from: The Salem (Mass.) News, http://www.salemnews.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get the Think newsletter.
Donald Trump is afraid of going to prison. Ordinarily that might seem like a silly statement: Trump is probably the most corrupt president in American history, and some of their closest bag men open the door each morning to see if the sky looks like indictments. But this is America, where the man who drafted memos arguing that torture is legal teaches law at U.C. Berkeley, and Henry "Two Genocides" Kissinger advised the Bush administration but summered with the Clintons.
And yet this might be the second time Donald Trump has gotten something right. (Here is the first.)
You would not get the impression that he's in real legal peril from the 24-hour news telenovela he's created: Between segments on incompetency, Trump is regularly portrayed as the swaggering caudillo, impervious to comeuppance, deadly to challengers. The word "counterpuncher" has been deployed so many times to describe them that it's natural to assume they starred as the eponymous hero of a late-80s action movie by that name.
President Donald Trump during a meeting on prison reform in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington on January 11, 2018. Saul Loeb / AFP - Getty Images file
It's not hard to see how this thinking takes hold; given the facts, it seems almost unavoidable. Trump fails upward and at their worst fails sideways. They have proven that clownish malignancy sustained over 40 years is no obstacle to enjoying the most luxurious things in life.
They have been involved in over 1,300 lawsuits in the last 18 years, including one over a fraudulent university that was still ongoing during the campaign. Over a dozen women have accused them of sexual assault or misconduct, including an ex-wife who once used the word "rape." Their businesses have repeatedly declared bankruptcy, including on a casino. They have told an average of 6.5 lies per day since taking office, for a total of over 3,001. You could add another 50 items here without wandering into the realm of the trivial, and the Trump train is still going, despite the rails being left at least a dozen voting districts back. (All of which they won by the way; you should see the electoral map. It's very beautiful.)
But it's not Trump who is most beholden to their legacy of succeeding — or at least not utterly failing — despite their own best efforts. It's the press that daily invokes the idea of Trump as a dangerous animal who, when cornered, fights back twice as hard and is thus impossible to beat. (This framing always comes heavy with allusions to Roy Cohn and Richard Nixon.)
It would take a mind of fervid imagination to have the faintest expectation of seeing a one of the most powerful American politicians go to jail.
This is a normal framing in Washington D.C., not because it's been true of Trump, but also because it would take a mind of fervid imagination to have the faintest expectation of seeing a one of the most powerful American politicians go to jail.
And part of that thinking simply amounts to noticing that both American parties are already horribly corrupted by money and have, until recently, shown zero interest in policing that flow of campaign cash, in addition to the existing lack of interest in punishing basically anyone in power for any crime that actually happened from Iran-Contra to the present day.
In a world without consequences, then, Donald Trump really shouldn't be a bravura counterpuncher — not if you proceed from the idea that there is no consequence for them to actually fear.
Trump should be and is afraid. They have no real friends in Washington that didn't ride in on their coattails (and possibly commit a crime to do so). They have no party, save a GOP that let them loose like a bull in a china shop so they could sneak in the back and rob the safe. They have been a Democrat and they have been a Republican and they have alienated the ruling castes of both.  They are not one of them, and no part of Trumpworld, post-tax-cuts, is essential to the preservation of their class' domination of politics.
President Donald Trump listens as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson speaks during an event to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington on Jan. 12, 2018. Evan Vucci / AP file
Meanwhile, for the first time in a long time, both parties have unambiguous incentives to make a show of strident anti-corruption. The Democrats — having dropped the ball on the opportunity to seek restorative justice for any of the plunder of the subprime mortgage market or even to do something as simple as sending Dick Cheney or the other architects of the Bush-era torture policy to The Hague — have a historically unsympathetic antagonist. And Republicans no longer really have the Clinton campaign to point to (though Trump tries) and need to maintain the illusion to their values-voter base that Trump is different from them (other than in their abject tastelessness).
They can't, of course, make that case easily: Ted Cruz lies just as unashamedly but with bigger words. Marco Rubio doesn't pay their bills, is the kept pet of a billionaire and doles out sinecures to their family. Scott Walker tries not to hold elections when Republicans can lose them, is comically beholden to the Koch Brothers and once seriously entertained building a Canadian border wall. Chris Christie has Bridgegate. Jeb Bush liked Betsy DeVos before Trump did and already works with people who fudge charter school data. When Rand Paul inherited Papa Ron's liberty movement, they inherited a lot of white nationalists with it. Scott Pruitt, Ryan Zinke, Tom Price, Mick Mulvaney and Jeff Sessions were all Republicans in good standing until Trump gave the press a reason to look under the rocks.
The moment Trump looks like he's finished with some part of their fan base, their intraparty constituency plummets to zero.
The moment Trump looks like he's finished with some part of their fan base, their intraparty constituency plummets to zero. The Democrats will finally have a gimme with which to practice the arcane art of exercising state power to enforce the morals of a community. At the same time, the rump of Republicans who survive 2018 and those seeking to unseat Democrats in borderline seats in 2020 will have good reason to depict Trump as a uniquely toxic aberration that must be burned away to cleanse the rest of the party. There is no greater non-verbal distinction between the GOP and Trump than incarcerating him.
A cornered animal becomes fiercer because it knows it's in a position where it has likelier than not come to its end. Trump isn't lashing out because they can't stop counterpunching and masterfully changing the narrative. Unlike the rest of us, he's had a tickle at the back of their brain, an anticipation of what is possible in a world where we have not savvily and cynically foreclosed on the idea of the nation choosing, at its founders intended, to bring parts of itself to justice. It is not silly to demand that we realize a dream so unlikely that it clearly daily haunts the dumbest chief executive in American history: After a long list of extraordinarily deserving, very very beautiful, very very talented runners-up — from Jefferson Davis, to Warren Harding, to Richard Nixon, to Ronald Reagan, to George W. Bush — Donald Trump can become the first president from the United States to die in prison.
Jeb Lund is a freelance writer and former political columnist and reporter for Rolling Stone and The Guardian. They have a podcast called This Week In Atrocity.
Planetarium Operators Needed!
The Moody Planetarium positions open for Tech students! Open to any Tech Student!
Operators must be able to work Fridays from 12:00 pm to 4:00 pm, Saturdays from 11:00 am-4:00 pm and Sundays 1:00 pm-4:00 pm. Must be available to work during the summer months as well.
Please contact Caroline Reeves at 806-834-6221 or by email at caroline.reeves@ttu.edu, for more information about the available positions at the planetarium.
Annual slate dance parties beats down Atlanta with a whole weekend of DJ dance parties
By Matthew Holley
Peach Party is back, and bigger and badder than ever! Gaining momentum each year, Keith Young of GA Boy Productions founded Peach Party with a desire to honor Pride Month, after the local festival was moved to October
“Peach Party is becoming that Atlanta June destination now,” Young says.
After mixing things up over the past couple of years, Young continues to put dance beats up and down the Cheshire Corridor to spotlight “what a great asset the area is to the community here in Atlanta.”
Peach Party has become such a big deal not only for locals but as a destination, Young began planning and booking the entertainment almost a year before this month's upcoming extravaganza. The Weekend celebration requires that kind of time to secure the very best talent. Just check out the lineup below.
Friday:
Kickoff Party at Heretic 10pm – 3am with Phil B
Phil B is a natural born DJ. With their all night ragers and banging club events, Phil B is solidifying one unforgettable impression on the club scene all across the U.S. Daddy Phil B will definitely start the Peach Party weekend off right!
After hours – XION 3am – 7am with Twisted Dee
“Twisted” Dee Martello flawlessly mixes progressive house and tribal music, bringing crowds the sexy, primeval beats with soul-pounding basslines and dramatic drops and peaks. Twisted Dee incorporates the newest dance music produced worldwide to bring audiences an enhanced experience. Open your ears and your mind and take in all of their unique sound.
Saturday:
Paulo w/ entertainment by Phoenix from RuPaul's Drag Race – Jungle – 10pm – 2:30 am
Originally from Portugal, DJ Paulo is one of the top headlining DJs all across the globe. They have performed at some of the world's most prestigious parties, including Black and Blue Montreal, Alegria, Orlando's Gay Days, Sydney's Mardi Gras and Taiwan's Ministry of Sound and many more. They have played Atlanta a million times over and still brings it hard every single time.
And mother of Atlanta drag, the legendary Phoenix will bring the house down in flames with their annual special performance to commemorate another Peachtastic year.
Alec Acosta – Xion 3am – 8am
Superstar musician and uber talented DJ, Alex Acosta has the flavor unlike any other. This is the guy you wanna party with until dawn.
Sunday:
Josh Whitaker – Ten Atlanta (outdoors) – 3pm – 6pm FREE
Los Angeles hottie Josh Whitaker is ready to bring the West Coast all the way to the ATL. For three glorious hours this blond Adonis will be spinning Ten's patio into electrifying, techno oblivion.
Please note: No Alegria
The previously scheduled Alegria Party to close out Peach Party weekend was canceled a little late in the game. If you have tickets to this canceled 10 p.m. party at Jungle, inquire at your point of purchase.
Weekend passes and pre-purchased tickets will also be available outside of every venue at will call table. Visit GaBoyEvents.com.
Lava continues to flow out of Mount Etna in Sicily, Italy.
The National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology Observatory Etneo spotted the lava at an altitude of about 3,000 meters above sea level.
This drone footage offers a closeup view of lava flowing from the volcano.
In early March, Mount Etna erupted, spewing magma into the air and injuring 10 people, including a BBC television crew and scientist.
Etna's eruptions, often visible from far away, are reminders to those living or hiking on its slopes that the volcano is quite active.
Mount Etna is the highest point in Italy south of the Alps and one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
MIDTERM MADNESS: Dems regain double-digit lead on congressional preference in NBC/WSJ poll
Our latest NBC/WSJ poll findings, from one of us(!): "Democrats enjoy a 10-point advantage over Republicans in congressional preference for the 2018 midterm elections, even as President Donald Trump's job approval rating has ticked up, the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll finds."
And Dante Chinni looks inside the numbers to show how Republicans could be in big trouble in key House races.
POLITICO writes that Republicans are betting it all on Trump, despite their dismal approval ratings.
The Washington Post sums up the flurry of activity that's starting to signal a likely primary challenge to Donald Trump.
Democrats eyeing 2020 bids are staffing up, POLITICO writes.
IL-3: Alex Seitz-Wald previews Tuesday's big Democratic battle in the Chicago suburbs.
IL-GOV: The Chicago Tribune sums up the stakes heading into the expensive Tuesday gubernatorial primaries.
NV: No, Ruben Kihuen isn't running for reelection after all.
NV-SEN: The Nevada Independent has the backstop on Tarkanian's move to switch races after being urged to do so by Trump.
NY-GOV: Gov. Cuomo is trying to distance themselves from the bribery conviction of one of their top aides, but he's wrong when they say their name didn't come up during the trial.
NY-25: There could be a special election to replace the late Rep. Louise Slaughter, Roll Call notes.
WV-SEN: Bloomberg does a deep dive into Don Blankenship's attempts to take down rival Joe Manchin.
TRUMP AGENDA: Emboldened
"A dozen people close to Mr. Trump or the White House, including current and former aides and longtime friends, described them as newly emboldened to say what they really feels and to ignore the cautions of those around him," writes Maggie Haberman of the New York Times.
Trump taking direct aim at Robert Mueller's probe over the weekend has drawn some public criticism from inside their own party.
Adam Schiff is criticizing most Republicans for being "completely willing to carry water for" the president.
A Trump Organization real estate partner in India has been accused of major fraud.
The AP: "The Kushner Cos. routinely filed false paperwork with the city declaring it had zero rent-regulated tenants in dozens of buildings it owned across the city when, in fact, it had hundreds"
Trump's team is trying to move the Stormy Daniels case to another court. Here's why it could be risky.
A big fight is looming over the massive spending bill working its way through Congress, the Wall Street Journal reminds us.
Volunteers have contributed more than 400 hours to battling invasive non-native species (INNS) in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park since April this year.
In the six months to September 2017 Pembrokeshire Coast volunteers took part in a series of ‘balsam bashes' supported by the Park Authority's Stitch in Time project, which is targeting three invasive species in Pembrokeshire's Gwaun and Clydach Valleys – Himalayan balsam, Japanese knotweed and rhododendron ponticum.
Stitch in Time Project Coordinator Matthew Tebbutt said: “The bad news is, invasive species such as Himalayan balsam are widespread throughout Pembrokeshire and have negative impacts on biodiversity.
“The good news is, eradication is not impossible and the project has identified source sites of Himalayan balsam in both catchments, with management continuing with the help of staff, contractors, volunteers and landowners.
“Prevention is better than a cure. Please be ‘plant wise,' know what you grow, especially if you live near water. INNS have a negative impact on ecosystem health and the cost of control can spiral if they are left unchecked.”
One particular site was adopted by the Friends of the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park in 2015 and has seen a dramatic recovery, with the group working alongside Park Authority staff and the landowner.
Vicky Pearson of the Friends said: “It's very satisfying to see what can be achieved with hard work and commitment and we look forward to working on two new sites next year and continuing the battle against balsam.
“Three members of the work party have recently undertaken a training course through the Stitch in Time project on the use of brushcutters. This will allow them to tackle large areas of balsam next spring.”
Newport Paths Group has also been very active on invasive species during 2017, working with volunteers and contractors with a focus on the Clydach catchment, with the support of landowners vital to the success seen so far.
Malcolm and Justine of Fachongle Isaf near Cilgwyn had been attempting to tackle the daunting balsam problem on their land for several years but believe that the excellent teamwork of these groups is helping win the battle.
They added: “We now feel we are in much better control of the problem and believe in the next couple of years we will be all but balsam-free.”
The Stitch in Time project started in 2015 with funding from the Park Authority's Sustainable Development Fund (SDF) and has been able to continue its work with financial support from the Welsh Government.
Other groups involved in the project include Llais Llanychaer, Pembrokeshire College, Greening Fishguard, National Park Voluntary Wardens, as well as individuals from across the county.
If you or a group are interested in volunteering in the Stitch in Time project please contact Matthew Tebbutt on 07866771164 or email matthewt@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk.
For more information about the project and the three invasive species being targeted visit www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales .
(Visited 5 times, 1 visits today)
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
Let's just get this out of the way: I've been married for 13-plus years and don't have kids. My husband and I don't want them, but there's a lot more to it than that. Before you judge us, or say, "There's still time to change your minds," there are a few things I want you to know about my child-free marriage.
1. I never know how to answer your question.
When people ask me why I don't have children, I never know how to answer that question without offending someone. I wind up saying things like, "Oh, you never know," or smile and shrug and say "We'll see" — all just to appease people. I really should say, "Mind your own business, please." No matter what comes out of my mouth, there's always a reaction that feels like I'm upsetting someone.
The thing is, we're happy and we've not wanted for more in our life. Unfortunately, society feels differently and while it's enough for us — it's not for some people.
13 years of marriage and we're still smiling. / Anne Roderique-Jones
2. We don't hate kids.
In fact, we both really like kids. I feel myself constantly defending the decision by overcompensating my adoration for children (way more than my husband). There have been a few — mostly older — women who think that because we've chosen not to have kids, it means we don't like them. Sure, I don't love a screaming baby in a restaurant, but I think little ones are adorable, fascinatingly smart, silly, funny and just overall great human beings.
Whether you're asking a single person, married couple or family with one child — it's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying. Whether you're asking a single person, married couple or family with one child — it's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying.
3. We've thought about having children.
As two very analytical people, we've certainly had the “kid” conversation. After all, we've been married for over 13 years and have felt an overwhelming amount of love for our niece and nephew.
Like any subject in marriage, we check in to make sure we're still on the same page with each other, but are very content as a duo.
4. I just can't have it all.
As much as I'd love to pretend that I could easily do the mom, work, wife, travel and friend thing — I don't think it's possible for me. The list of big life things that I do have and am I trying to balance makes me very happy — and for that I'm incredibly grateful. As women, we're expected to take on so much, and I know that something we love would have to give if we became parents.
5. We are a family.
I was having a perfectly fun time at a friend's wedding when a woman said, “Don't you want a family?” This really hurt my feelings, but I was too dumbstruck to reply. I have a family with my mother and brothers and grandmother and aunts and cousins. My friends are like family, but most importantly, the life I've built with my husband and the happy marriage (along with our sweet animals) feels like a family to us.
Though our lives aren't as glamorous as they seem to outsiders, we love to travel. Here we are at the Taj Mahal. Anne Roderique-Jones
6. I don't understand why people question us so frequently.
I am constantly amazed at how often people ask if we're having children — or have made comments about infertility. Frankly, I'm curious why people care.
We've not had to deal with the overwhelming struggle of infertility, but so many of our friends have, and when you ask someone about their family planning, it can be heartbreaking. Whether you're asking a single person, married couple or family with one child — it's likely best to wait for personal information to be offered instead of prying.
7. I have so much respect for parents.
Child rearing seems so hard. Your job is so much harder than what I do. I was eight when my youngest brother was born and I helped to raise him. I've babysat my own siblings and taken care of my parents. I was also a nanny. WHEW. Your job is so tough, and while I'm sure you get highs that I'll never know, I respect how much work it takes to be a parent.
Yes, we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who don't have children do. Our Paris photos are your child's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK. Yes, we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who don't have children do. Our Paris photos are your child's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK.
8. You won't be able to talk us into it, so please stop trying.
I have parent friends and family who understand our choice not to have children, but we've also had just as many try to talk us into it. From telling us, “You'd be such good parents!” to “You'll never love anyone like your own child.”
I know people mean well, but I'd never try to talk someone into not having children. I think there's room for us to each be happy in our own decisions. Plus, you'll always have someone to babysit.
9. It's not us against you.
I'm frustrated by the parent vs. non-parent dialogue that's created by society, and many of us continue to foster. I'm not going to pretend that parenting doesn't set you apart from a non-parent — you've birthed a child and I've not. But there's plenty we can offer each other — from career advice to grief support to lifelong friendships — that celebrates our differences and lifts each other up.
10. Our lives aren't perfect.
Yes, we travel and go to a lot of movies and do whatever it is people who don't have children do. Our Paris photos are your child's first-day-of-school pics — and I think that should be OK. But in everyday life, there are fewer Instagrammable moments for all of us, right? My freelance writing career resembles something closer to a hot mess of PJs and unshaven legs than Carrie Bradshaw, and we've been through plenty of life lows. I won't pretend that being child-free is the ideal life — it's just ideal for us.
11. We're happy.
Finally, as I mentioned earlier, my husband and I are h-a-p-p-y. Our child-free marriage does not feel as if it's lacking — we are full of love, excitement, challenges and we look forward to the future — even if babies aren't a part of it.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Want More Sex? Try Using Emojis 00:01:08
This article originally appeared on TODAY Health & Wellness.
Bradford is mulling over red light cameras. At it's latest meeting, council voted to have staff look at the feasibility of implementing a red light program in town. The town's traffic department will crunch the numbers and report back if its worth the cost. Barrie went through a similar exercise last year, ending after the city's Police Chief pointed out fewer than 4 per cent of collisions occurs in Barrie because of running red lights.
WASHINGTON — The CIA and other key U.S. intelligence agencies agree with the assessment that North Korea has miniaturized a nuclear weapon to place atop a ballistic missile, U.S. officials told NBC News.
The disclosure adds to the emerging picture about a new intelligence estimate that has significantly ratcheted up tensions between the U.S. and North Korea.
This July 28, 2017 picture released by North Korean state media shows a Hwasong-14 intercontinental ballistic missile being launched at an undisclosed location. AFP - Getty Images
The news that North Korea had passed a significant milestone toward achieving a nuclear-armed missile that could hit the United States appeared to prompt a threat from President Trump to respond with "fire and fury," which spurred a counter threat from the North Koreans to attack the U.S. territory of Guam.
The Washington Post, which revealed the new intelligence Tuesday, said that it had been completed by the Defense Intelligence Agency, a unit of the Pentagon that specializes in examining the military capabilities of U.S. adversaries. It was unclear whether other agencies had signed on, and some observers noted that the DIA has a history of generously estimating the capacity of some opposing militaries.
Related: North Korea Can Fit Nuclear Weapon on a Missile Now, Officials Believe
But U.S. officials told NBC News that other agencies, including the CIA and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, agree with the assessment. What has yet to be learned is what confidence level various agencies ascribe to the analysis — low, medium or high.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea Has Constructed a Miniature Nuclear Warhead, U.S. Officials Believe 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
U.S. officials have also been pushing back on the idea that they were surprised by the development, saying that it had been expected for some time. But outside experts, including NBC News analyst Juan Zarate, who is a former top Treasury official, National Security Council staffer and deputy national security advisor, have said that it appears intelligence officials did not anticipate the speed of North Korea's advances.
Successful miniaturization does not mean North Korea now has a reliable nuclear-armed missile that can hit the U.S., but it puts the country further along that path.
LONDON — Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and their American fiancee “have taken a great deal of interest and care” in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says they were “bowled over” when Markle called to ask them to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
——
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-08-14
Sam Mensah
Ghanaian defender Samuel ‘Mensiro' Mensah has bemoaned Ostersunds FK profligacy in 2-2 stalemate against IF Hammarby in the Swedish Allsvenskan League on Sunday.
Ostersunds determination to close the gap at the top of the pile suffered a blip after twice coming back from behind to secure a point against 11th placed side Hammarby at the Tele2 Arena yesterday.
Mensah, who was instrumental in the side's second goal, believes they could have easily won the game but for poor finishing and quickly turned their sights on their next game, which is against PAOK in the Uefa Europa League final qualification stage.
“We knew very well what they wanted to do, and we did not get caught up. Unfortunately, their plan worked at some point but we had better and clear-cut chances which I think we could have put away,” Mensah exclusively told GHANASoccernet.com.
“The grit and motivation we showed will be key in our subsequent games. We showed great team spirit despite our failure to return home with the maximum points but we'll make amends against PAOK on Thursday.”
The Red and Blacks occupy 9th on the standings with 29 points after 19 matches, four points adrift of second placed side Djurgarden.
Right-turns-on-red have always been associated with danger, despite arguments from those who claim otherwise. This is especially true when it comes to pedestrians, who are the most vulnerable in the collision.
FORT KNOX, KY (WAVE) - Many people saw the fireball on the news. But only those on the scene saw the heroics of a Army Sergeant on their way home to Radcliff, Kentucky on Mother's Day.
A car swerved in front of a semi, causing an accident. Moments later that fuel tanker rolled over and burst into flames in Rockcastle County. That's when Sergeant First Class Mario King jumped into action.
King grew up in South Carolina as the son of a firefighter. They also had military hospital training. Their instincts took over. King was going home with their wife and they were just a couple of cars behind the accident. King said they didn't even think about what to do. They ran to pull the driver from the cab along with two others.
“Being 170 pounds soaking wet, I didn't think I had enough strength to pull them out either and I grabbed him," King said. "I thought I'm just going to drag this guy as far as I can.”
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Man who nearly lost legs says thank you to the EMTs who helped them
+ Pass the Cash: Man needs prayers and a kidney donation
+ Thousands of soldiers, family members gather for Fort Knox Centennial photo
King got them out and pulled that driver about 100 feet from the accident's inferno.
Back at the King's vehicle, Mario's wife Adriane was screaming. Mario could hear them
“We were screaming at the top of our lungs, like 'move them away from the truck'," Adriane said. "'Get them out, y'all get them out away from the truck as soon as possible,' because it was so many flames. So much smoke, you just never knew what was going to happen at that moment.”
Fort Knox made the King's available for interviews a couple of weeks after the accident because of so many requests to talk to them. Understandably why. When it came to risking their lives in the middle of a huge fuel fire, King said they just did what they were taught.
“Never leave a fallen comrade and by the word 'comrade,' that doesn't mean brother or sister or somebody you know or work with on a daily basis. That's a stranger, anybody on the street," King explained.
Someday the King's may be able to meet that driver, who is expected to recover from their injuries. For now, Mario said they would just like to tell them one thing:
“I just want to say I'm grateful I was able to be there to help," King said.
King was there for the man just like they were for our country in Iraq.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
2:46 Making peppermint candy
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
President Trump made clear early Saturday that they viewed Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to fire former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as a “great day for Democracy.”
“Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI — a great day for Democracy!” Trump wrote on Twitter, before deriding former FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired in May 2017.
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
Trump's ire did not stop there. After reports on Saturday night revealed that McCabe kept notes of their meetings with Trump, the president dismissed the claim on Twitter and took another shot at Comey.
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but they never took notes when they were with me. I don't believe they made memos except to help their own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Comey responded to Trump's earlier allegations via a tweet on Saturday night, saying they would soon share their story and the public "can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not."
The former FBI director has a forthcoming book called "A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership." Set for release on April 17, the book on Sunday had was No. 1 on Amazon's best sellers list based on pre-orders.
A source familiar with the situation told NBC News Saturday that McCabe kept notes of their interactions with Trump, and they were turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller's team some time ago. The news that Mueller had the notes was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
Mueller is investigating Russian interference in the election and whether there was any coordination with those connected to the Trump campaign, as well as possible obstruction of justice by Trump associates.
Trump on Sunday reiterated their frequent refrain that there was "no collusion" between Russia and the Trump campaign. They insinuated instead on Twitter Saturday that there was leaking and corruption "at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice & State."
Sessions accepted the agency's recommendation to fire McCabe late Friday — two days before the veteran FBI official planned to retire and become eligible for full pension and benefits.
Related: Sessions fires McCabe before they can retire
The FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility proposed McCabe's termination after the Justice Department's inspector general concluded McCabe had made “unauthorized disclosure to the news media and lacked candor — including under oath — on multiple occasions.”
Manchester United stretched their winning run in the Premier League to six matches after Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured a 2-0 victory at 10-man West Ham on Monday.
Spain international Mata struck midway through the second half at London Stadium to break the valiant resistance of Slaven Bilic's side, who played for 75 minutes a man down, before Ibrahimovic blasted in a controversial second in the closing stages.
West Ham had lost none of their previous four league meetings with United but they were dealt a big blow on 15 minutes when Sofiane Feghouli, on their first start in England's top flight, was sent off for a late tackle on Phil Jones.
United struggled to carve out many meaningful chances despite their numerical advantage - although Darren Randolph made one stunning save to deny Antonio Valencia in the first half - and the Hammers spurned a great chance to take the lead when Michail Antonio shot straight at David de Gea when clean through one-on-one.
7 - This is Jose Mourinho's longest winning run in all competitions since seven straight wins with Real Madrid in March 2013. Heaven. pic.twitter.com/CrYG8PzQ98 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Mata steered in a fine finish only three minutes later to compound Antonio's frustrations before Ibrahimovic secured maximum points for United, who are back to within a point of fourth-place Arsenal, having played a game more.
An encouraging start from West Ham was brought to a halt on 15 minutes when Feghouli was shown a straight red card after crunching into Jones in a 50-50 challenge close to United's area.
Referee Mike Dean gave themselves time to consider before brandishing a red card that incensed the home fans and Bilic on the touchline, although the way Feghouli jumped off the turf certainly made the challenge look careless.
18 - Zlatan Ibrahimovic has already scored more goals in all competitions than @ManUtd's top scorer last season (Martial, 17). Blockbuster. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
United failed to muster a shot in the first half hour despite their advantage, but they contrived to miss a glorious chance to take the lead 10 minutes before the break.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan turned Ibrahimovic's cross back towards the near post from the right and Randolph somehow clawed Valencia's effort from point-blank range off the line before Jesse Lingard inexplicably hit the post with the rebound.
West Ham looked a threat when they broke forward and De Gea was forced to tip Manuel Lanzini's curling effort from 20 yards away from the top corner just before half-time.
Mourinho made an attacking change for the second half, introducing Mata for full-back Matteo Darmian, and West Ham were perhaps fortunate not to concede a further advantage to the visitors when Cheikhou Kouyate escaped a card for a two-footed challenge on Mkhitaryan.
13 - @ManUtd are now 13 games unbeaten in all comps; their longest run since March 2013 under Sir Alex Ferguson (18 games). Turnaround. pic.twitter.com/B4ok2n6jGx — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Chances remained scarce but Antonio wasted a glorious opportunity for the home side when they shot straight at De Gea after being played clean through on goal by Lanzini.
Just three minutes later, that miss was punished with aplomb. Marcus Rashford surged into the penalty area before cutting back onto their right foot and teeing up fellow substitute Mata, who curled a first-time shot beyond Randolph's left hand and into the top corner.
Paul Pogba fired a good opening wide and a Rashford shot almost squirmed through Randolph's grasp and over the line, but United made certain of the points 13 minutes from the end following another decision that left the home fan's irate.
Ander Herrera's pass fell to the feet of Ibrahimovic just inside the West Ham area and they spun and lashed the ball low into the net, with the officials failing to spot that the Swede had strayed offside.
The Food and Drug Administration approved the first home DNA tests Thursday that let people find out if they have a genetic risk for certain diseases.
The FDA decision allows home DNA test company 23andMe to directly market its gene tests for 10 diseases, including Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and some rare blood diseases.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FDA Approves At-Home DNA Tests for 10 Diseases 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"These are the first direct-to-consumer (DTC) tests authorized by the FDA that provide information on an individual's genetic predisposition to certain medical diseases or conditions, which may help to make decisions about lifestyle choices or to inform discussions with a health care professional," the FDA said in a statement.
"Consumers can now have direct access to certain genetic risk information," said Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, director of the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health, which approves these kinds of tests.
"But it is important that people understand that genetic risk is just one piece of the bigger puzzle. It does not mean they will or won't ultimately develop a disease."
Related: Stop Selling Home DNA tests, FDA Tells 23andMe
A person's genes almost never make for a 100 percent risk of any disease. Instead, many different genes usually interact with a person's lifestyle and other factors to cause disease. For instance, the National Institute on Aging (NIA) notes that many genes are involved in developing Alzheimer's disease, and it's not clear how much each one raises the risk.
Related: 23andMe Faces Class Action Lawsuit in California
"It is unlikely that genetic testing will ever be able to predict the disease with 100 percent accuracy, researchers believe, because too many other factors may influence its development and progression," the NIA, one of the National Institutes of Health, says on its website.
“ It does not mean they will or won't ultimately develop a disease.”
And some genetic mutations are inherited, some develop before birth, and some occur as people live their lives. How, where and when these changes develop can affect whether such changes cause disease.
Related: Smoking Permanently Scars Your DNA
Samples are prepared for DNA testing at the Genetic Institute Nantes-Atlantique (IGNA) on Dec. 10, 2015 in Nantes, western France. Home DNA testing company 23andMe got a go-ahead from the FDA to market a home genetic test for 10 diseases. Georges Gobet / AFP-Getty Images
The FDA's decision, which is sure to stir up controversy, is a big turnaround from 2013, when the FDA singled out 23andMe, ordering the company to stop marketing its over-the-counter gene test.
23andMe is especially aggressive in marketing its home tests, usually offered as saliva tests that customers can send in for analysis.
This test does not include checks for genes that predispose people to cancer. They look instead for DNA variation involved in 10 conditions:
The FDA says these are all serious conditions and customers must first click an acknowledgement that they understand the results could cause them anxiety, a spokesperson said. "The 'opt-in' page includes links to recommendations from professional medical associations on the benefits and risks of genetic testing for users to read before deciding whether to receive test results," the FDA spokesperson, Tara Goodin, said via email.
Related: Mutant Gene Protects Against Heart Attack
New York University bioethicist Art Caplan says they are surprised the FDA approved the home tests, given the questions that still surround even genetic tests done by physicians.
"So much remains unknown, both about the accuracy of testing and the ability of consumers to process genetic information without counseling or help," Caplan said.
"Even physicians have a difficult time knowing how to interpret genetic test risk information. So this decision may wind up frightening as many people about genetic risk as it does empower them."
Kathy Hibbs, chief legal officer at 23andMe, said the company had changed the tests to address those issues.
"We had to conduct studies to show that consumers drawn from abroad swath of society could understand and use the product appropriately," Hibbs told NBC News. "We call those 'user comprehension' studies. We conducted those and submitted them to FDA to demonstrate that Americans can access and understand and use the product in a safe and effective way."
Hibbs says the tests will explain that having -- or lacking -- a genetic predisposition to a disease does not make for perfect certainty. "We provide information on how to access genetic counseling, although we don't provide genetic counseling ourselves," they said.
“ Even physicians have a difficult time knowing how to interpret genetic test risk information.”
And the FDA says the test will recommend that customers "speak with a healthcare professional, genetic counselor, or equivalent professional before getting the results of the test."
Medical geneticist Dr. Robert Green of Harvard University said people who buy the test tend to understand the risks. "We're moving as a society toward empowering people with health related information and this is, I think, a welcome step, along that journey," Green said.
Caplan says it's also not clear what privacy people have and how well 23andMe could safeguard their test results, or even their actual samples.
Related: How Much Cancer is Due to Genes?
The FDA said it reviewed the tests through a new process.
Consumers can expect more such tests to hit the market now.
"In addition, the FDA intends to exempt additional 23andMe genetic health risk tests from the FDA's premarket review, and genetic health risk tests from other makers may be exempt after submitting their first premarket notification," the FDA said.
"A proposed exemption of this kind would allow other, similar tests to enter the market as quickly as possible and in the least burdensome way, after a one-time FDA review."
Giampaolo Pazzini came off the bench to score a dramatic late equaliser on their debut, earning Levante a shock 2-2 draw at home to LaLiga champions Real Madrid.
Fellow substitute Isco thought their own late goal would prove decisive for Madrid but Pazzini struck in the 89th minute to earn the relegation-threatened hosts a crucial point against the LaLiga champions.
2 - Levante are the only team to have scored more than one goal vs Real Madrid in first halves in La Liga this season (2). Boateng pic.twitter.com/sTVgXHQSfS — OptaJose (@OptaJose) February 3, 2018
The visitors headed to Ciutat de Valencia with back-to-back league victories under their belt, prompting hopes Zinedine Zidane's men were turning the corner despite the shock Copa del Rey quarter-final loss to Leganes.
But although the Frenchman was able to name what many consider their strongest starting line-up for the first time this season, their side were twice pegged back by Levante and denied the chance to move above Valencia into third position.
Sergio Ramos headed in an early opener from Toni Kroos' corner, setting a new record as the Spain international became the first defender to score in 14 successive LaLiga seasons.
1 - Levante haven't lost in any of the two games in a La Liga season against Real Madrid for the first time. Reward pic.twitter.com/RjAZscBKxD — OptaJose (@OptaJose) February 3, 2018
But Levante levelled before the break as a simple ball down the middle sent Jose Luis Morales racing away from Ramos and, although Keylor Navas made the save, Emmanuel Boateng was in the right place to tuck in the rebound.
Isco's goal from Karim Benzema's pass with nine minutes left appeared to have rescued Madrid, but Zidane's men fatally switched off at the back, Pazzini beating Navas with an effort that was too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out.
*DISCLAIMER* : The information contained in or provided through this site section is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional advice. Use of this site section and any information contained on or provided through this site section is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site section is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — The Latest on trial challenging a law in Kansas that requires people to show documentation when registering to vote. (all times local):
6:30 p.m.
After seven often contentious days, testimony has ended in a federal bench trial challenging a Kansas voter registration law.
During closing arguments Monday, Dale Ho, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, argued that the thousands of noncitizens who Secretary of State Kris Kobach contends are stealing elections “are not real.” But they said the law has stopped thousands of U.S. citizens from voting. And they say there has been real damage to the electoral process in Kansas. They asked U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson to find that the law should not be imposed on Kansas.
In their closing, Kobach argued the law hasn't prevented anyone but noncitizens from voting. They say people put on a list of suspended voters have several ways to provide the required documentation and register to vote. They urged Robinson to uphold the will of the Kansas Legislature, which enacted the law in 2013.
Robinson didn't say when they would issue a ruling but said they are mindful that elections are approaching. Attorneys have until April 16 for any more legal filings in the case.
———-
1:30 p.m.:
A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach has testified that they conducted a survey of 500 adults and found just one person who couldn't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported Monday their testimony came on the seventh day of a bench trial challenging the Kansas proof-of-citizenship requirement.
Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in their survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union.
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify, even though they were not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge.
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass, a firm which primary caters to Republican candidates. They were paid $9,000 for their survey.
Panaji: Muslims are set to observe Ashura, the 10th day of Muharram, on October 1. The holy month of Muharram marks the first month in the Islamic calendar. This month is not a period of celebration but a time for intense prayer and commemoration of the sacrifice by martyrs in Islamic history. Ashura is observed to commemorate the brutal assassination of Hazrat Imam Hussain Ali, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, and their supporters at the battle of Karbala. They were massacred while travelling from Madina to Kufa after they refused to swear allegiance to Yazeed, the second Umayyad caliph.
Muslims refrain from any kind of entertainment or celebration during the month. Birthday and anniversary parties are postponed until after Muharram, while weddings are not scheduled during the holy month.”We refrain from eating non-vegetarian food during the first 10 days of Muharram. There is no purchase of new clothes or commodities either,” said Sana Shaikh, a lawyer from Panaji.”We'll be having fatiha (prayer meets) at the mosques and students from nearby schools will be told about the importance of Muharram. Sherbet will also be made which will be distributed among visitors, irrespective of their religion ,” said president of the Association of All Goa Muslim Jamaat, Bashir Ahmed. [TOI]
SANTA FE, N.M. — Contemporary art is getting a prominent new pedestal in Santa Fe with the architectural transformation of a warehouse venue into a full-blown museum.
SITE Santa Fe on Friday inaugurated a sweeping expansion and redesign of a former beer warehouse to add a snack bar, museum shop, lecture hall, outdoor “sky terrace,” educational workshop space and an admission-free introductory gallery.
The redesign also adds new climate controls to a non-collecting contemporary art museum that displays borrowed works from across the globe.
Visitors pass into the revamped building through an overhanging aluminum lattice, designed by New York-based SHoP Architects as a deliberate departure from Santa Fe's adobe-dominated skyline.
The overhaul adds lustre to redevelopment efforts in the city's railyard district. SITE Santa Fe is expanding operations to seven days a week.
Fred Guttenberg, whose 14-year-old daughter, Jaime, was killed in the school shooting, told the Miami Herald that they were concerned that media attention about the videos would inspire other shootings. They said they have no intention of watching the videos.
"I don't want other kids to see what they said and think they'll do it better," Guttenberg told the Miami Herald Wednesday. "What they did has resulted in them being in jail where they will rot and die."
Guttenberg made similar comments on Twitter. Student Cameron Kasky said on the social media platform after the videos were released that "School shooters can NOT be treated like celebrities. I don't want to hear their names or see their faces. Nobody does."
Student David Hogg, who became a prominent face of students calling for gun control after the Parkland shooting, tweeted at the Sun Sentinel newspaper Wednesday, "Please do not post their name you are giving them what they want, fame".
The shooting prompted Florida lawmakers to pass a bill restricting the sale of firearms to those 21 years of age or older. Florida Gov. Rick Scott, a Republican, signed the bill into law despite the opposition of the National Rifle Association.
Scott on Fox News called the video “disgusting” and “horrible.” They said on the program “my goal is it never happens again in Florida.”
The shooting also prompted major retailer Dick's Sporting Goods to announce it would stop selling assault-style rifles and end the sale of firearms to buyers under 21. The federal minimum age is 18. The federal minimum age to buy handguns from federally licensed dealers is already 21.
Walmart, which said it stopped selling "modern sporting rifles, including the AR-15" in 2015, also said it would raise the age for buying firearms and ammunition to 21.
Earlier this month, another person opened fire on a school in Texas, killing eight students and two teachers. The suspected gunman, student Dimitrios Pagourtzis, 17, was armed with a shotgun and a pistol, police have said. They confessed to the shooting after being arrested, according to authorities.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday introduced recommendations on how to improve school safety, many dealing with increased security at schools and mental health awareness, the Associated Press reported.
CHARLESTON, Ill. — Mack Smith had a career-high 31 points, Montell Goodwin added 23 and Eastern Illinois made 11 of 17 from 3-point range to beat Tennessee Tech 79-71 on Saturday.
Smith, a first-year student, was 5 of 7 from 3-point range and 12 of 17 overall from the field. Goodwin made 4 of 5 3-point attempts and 7 of 9 foul shots while grabbing six boards and handing out six assists.
Smith's 3-pointer with 3:21 left in the game capped a 9-3 run and made it 66-53 for the Panthers (8-15, 4-8 Ohio Valley), who ended a four-game skid.
The Golden Eagles (16-9, 8-4) got as close as four on Kajon Mack's 3-pointer that made it 73-69 with 31 seconds left, but Goodwin made all six of their foul shots from there to secure it for Eastern Illinois.
Shaq Calhoun had 23 points to lead Tennessee Tech, which had its three-game winning streak snapped. Mack added 13 and Courtney Alexander II and Mason Ramsey added 10 each.
Are any of them already famous? How does Geri Horner fit in? Here's everything you need to know about the BBC's massive new judging panel
If you've found your way to this page then you're probably intrigued by new BBC talent contest All Together with Rob Beckett and former Spice Girl Geri Horner. However, you're also probably here as there's something a bit confusing about the show: ‘The 100'.
Advertisement
Who exactly are they? What do they do on the show? And what's Geri Horner got to do with them? Here's everything you need to know about the musical mob…
Seriously, who actually are The 100?
They're the legion of music performers that judge the show, “a unique panel of music experts and performers from all over the UK,” according to the BBC.
However, this doesn't mean everyone in the 100 is a big star. While the panel includes people like Brit School teacher Georg Tormann, Peter Andre supporting singer Larissa Eddie and the original West End Billy Elliot James Lomas, it also features a Tina Turner impersonator, former Britain's Got Talent contestants and Youtube's The Singing Dentist.
And that's before we get to the slightly left-field members of the 100. There's drag queen (and former Voice contestant) Divina De Campo, a gospel choir director called ‘Mr Fabulous' and, our favourite, medieval banquet singer Nigel Murfitt.
How do The 100 judge contestants? Surely we're not going to hear feedback from every one of them?
Nope, most of All Together Now won't be taken up by Rob Beckett interviewing each of The 100. We will hear an extensive verdict from a few members of the gigantic panel, but the main feedback to performers will come through a score out of 100.
And that works like this: if any of these 100 judges are suitably impressed by a contestant during their performance, they press their buzzer, stand up and start singing along. Afterwards, the contestant gets a score out of 100 that equals how many judges gave them the nod. And whichever two singers achieve the highest score in their heat go through to the grand final.
If a singer lets out a belting tune and 92 of the 100 stand up then that singer has achieved a score of 92. Simple.
So, is Geri Horner one of The 100? Does their vote count for more than other members of the panel?
Geri is the captain of the 100 – she's not actually hosting the show.
But this doesn't mean it's really important if Geri presses their button or not – their vote counts as much towards a contestant's score as The Singing Dentist – but it does mean she'll get more airtime. Unlike other members of the judging panel, Geri will deliver a full explanation how they voted after each performance.
Which members of the 100 should we look out for?
Here are a few faces of The 100 that you might be interested in…
Who is Gabrielle “Gabz” Gardiner?
Better known as Gabz, you probably recognise them as a finalist from Britain's got talent in 2013, where they finished in seventh place. In the same year, they released single Lighters (The One), which peaked at number six in the UK charts.
Now 19, the singer has performed in front of an audience of 25,000 at the Olympic Park when they were a supporting artist to McFly. In 2016 they also released the album Up, which failed to chart.
Who is Harry Kersley?
Harry is a classical singer, one that's performed in Madame Butterfly at Cadogan Hall (a pretty big deal in opera). However, although a tenor now, they started off singing the likes of Queen and Bon Jovi as a child. And even when their singing teacher saw their classic potential, they almost gave up singing to become a semi-professional rugby player.
As well as singing, Harry also spends a lot of time lounging on beaches, apparently.
Last day vibes 🏖☀️🏊 A post shared by Harry Kersley (@hkersleytenor) on Nov 1, 2017 at 11:21am PDT
Who is Divina De Campo?
One of the UK's biggest Drag Artists, Davina (Owen Farrow) runs a cabaret bar in Manchester called Kiki. It's there they sing opera, rock and musicals.
It's the morning 🙈😴💤🛏 A post shared by Owen Farrow (@divinadecampo) on Jan 4, 2018 at 1:00am PST
And yes, as you can see above, Davina also appeared on The Voice in 2016. Unfortunately nobody turned for them – a decision then-judge Boy George said they regretted.
So should have turned for Davina! I'm gutted! https://t.co/tRS9EWvN7b — Boy George (@BoyGeorge) January 16, 2016
Who is Paulus?
Paulus (AKA Paul L Martin) has done a lot during their 25 years as a cabaret artist. He's performed in venues from Don't Tell Mama in NYC, The Butterfly Club in Melbourne and Café de Paris. He's also sung to 13,000 people at Hampton Court Palace, dressed as Nicole Kidman in Moulin Rouge.
Who is Lili Davies?
The Romanian-born singer bonded with Geri Horner during filming and you can see them next to Ginger Spice in most episodes.
Speaking about Lili to Radiotimes.com, Horner said: “I always put Lili next to me – she's like the Queen Mother! She's extremely clever and she's got a really kind heart.”
Lilli is the resident singer at The Coach & Horses pub in Soho, where they go by the name ‘Magic Betty'. She's also performed at the infamous Bootleggers Bar in Las Vegas, the restaurant of choice of Frank Sinatra and their Rat Pack.
Will The 100 sit in the same spot every week?
Nope, just to add to the confusion, the judging panel positions will be mixed-up each episode.
Advertisement
All Together Now starts Saturday 27th January on BBC1
A Utah woman has been arrested after they were identified as the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning, police said Monday.
Nannette Louise Perkins, 40, was arrested Sunday afternoon at home in suburban Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about their identity, Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke said.
According to police, the robber did little to hide their appearance during robberies Friday and Saturday morning at banks in Salt Lake City, Holladay, West Valley City, Cottonwood Heights and Sandy.
They were seen on bank surveillance camera images and described wearing pajama bottoms, black prescription eyeglasses, a dark shirt and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail or bun.
Lohrke said the robber passed notes to tellers, never showed a weapon and got cash in five of the six banks. They left one empty-handed.
The police spokesperson said they did not know what Perkins was wearing when they were arrested.
They were being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance on felony charges.
Still in shock, I stumbled about the house trying to decide what to put into the suitcases. Earlier that evening, I'd received a call from my hometown in Missouri telling me that my brother, their wife, their sister, and both the sister's children had been killed in a car crash. “Come as soon as you can,” begged my mother.
That's what I wanted to do—to leave at once, to hurry to my parents. But my husband, Larry, and I were in the midst of packing all our belongings to move from Ohio to New Mexico. Our house was in total confusion. Some of the clothes that Larry and I and our two young children, Eric and Meghan, would need were already taped up in cartons. Which ones? Stunned by grief, I couldn't remember. Other clothes lay unwashed in a pile on the laundry-room floor. Supper dishes still sat on the kitchen ­table. Toys were strewn everywhere.
While Larry made plane reservations for the following morning, I wandered about the house, aimlessly picking things up and putting them down. I couldn't focus. Again and again, the words I'd heard on the phone echoed through my head: “Bill is gone—Marilyn too. June—and both the children …”
The love in the act released my tears at last, healing rain to wash the fog from my mind.
It was as though the message had muffled my brain with cotton. Whenever Larry spoke, they sounded far away. As I moved through the house, I ran into doors and tripped over chairs.
Larry made arrangements for us to leave by seven o'clock the next morning. Then they phoned a few friends to tell them what had happened. Occasionally, someone asked to speak to me. “If there's anything I can do, let me know,” that person would offer kindly.
“Thank you very much,” I'd reply. But I didn't know what to ask for. I couldn't concentrate.
I sat in a chair, staring into space, while Larry called Donna King, the woman with whom I taught a nursery class at church each Sunday. Donna and I were casual friends, but we didn't see each other often. They and Emerson, their thin, quiet husband, were kept busy during the week by their own “nursery”—six children ranging in age from two to fifteen. I was glad Larry had thought to warn them that she'd have the nursery class alone the coming Sunday.
While I sat there, Meghan darted by, clutching a ball. Eric chased after them They should be in bed, I thought. I followed them into the living room. My legs dragged. My hands felt gloved with lead. I sank down on the couch in a stupor.
When the doorbell rang, I rose slowly and crept across the room. I opened the door to see Emerson King standing on the porch.
[blockquote]“I've come to clean your shoes,” they said.[/blockquote]
Confused, I asked them to repeat.
Content continues below ad
“Donna had to stay with the baby,” they said, “but we want to help you. I remember when my father died, it took me hours to get the children's shoes cleaned and shined for the funeral. So that's what I've come to do for you. Give me your shoes—not just your good shoes, but all your shoes.”
I hadn't even thought about shoes until they mentioned them. Now I remembered that Eric had left the sidewalk to wade through the mud in their good shoes after church the previous Sunday. Not to be outdone by their brother, Meghan had kicked rocks, scuffing the toes of their shoes. When we'd returned, I'd tossed them into the laundry room to clean later.
While Emerson spread news­papers on the kitchen floor, I gathered ­Larry's dress and everyday shoes, my heels, my flats, the children's dirty dress shoes, and their sneakers with the food spots. Emerson found a pan and filled it with soapy water. They got an old knife out of a drawer and retrieved a sponge from under the sink. Larry had to rummage through several cartons, but at last they located the shoe polish.
Emerson settled themselves on the floor and got to work. Watching them concentrate intently on one task helped me pull my own thoughts into order. Laundry first, I told myself. As the washer chugged, Larry and I bathed the children and put them to bed.
While we cleared the supper dishes, Emerson continued to work, saying nothing. I thought of Jesus washing the feet of their disciples. Our Lord had knelt, serving their friends, even as this man now knelt, serving us. The love in the act released my tears at last, healing rain to wash the fog from my mind. I could move. I could think. I could get on with the business of living.
One by one, the jobs fell into place. I went into the laundry room to put a load of wash into the dryer, returning to the kitchen to find that Emerson had left. In a line against one wall stood all our shoes, gleaming, spotless. Later, when I started to pack, I saw that Emerson had even scrubbed the soles. I could put the shoes directly into the suitcases.
We got to bed late and rose very early, but by the time we left for the airport, all the jobs had been done. Ahead lay grim, sad days, but the comfort of Christ's presence, symbolized by the image of a quiet man kneeling on my kitchen floor with a pan of water, would sustain me.
Now whenever I hear of an acquaintance who has lost a loved one, I no longer call with the vague offer, “If there's anything I can do …” Instead I try to think of one specific task that suits that person's need—such as washing the family car, taking the dog to the boarding kennel, or house-sitting during the funeral. And if the person says to me, “How did you know I needed that done?” I reply, “It's because a man once cleaned my shoes.”
This article originally appeared in the December 1983 issue of Reader's Digest.
Glenn Beckman, age 81, of Rhinelander, died Dec. 31, 2016, at the Wausau Aspirus Hospital. They were born on Jan. 23, 1935 in Wausau to Oscar and Fern (Larkee) Beckman. They attended schools in Wausau and Wausau East High School. They then are drafted into the Army. Upon their honorable discharge they returned to Wausau and married Delores “Dori” Hanson March 19, 1960. They preceded them in death on September 6, 2011.
They moved to the Rhinelander area in 1966 where Glenn was employed as a mechanic for WPS for 30-plus years, retiring in 1997. Glenn was a hard worker their entire life. Their other employments included, paper route, caddie, pin setter, dish washer, farmworker, carnival ride operator, well digger, moving van, concrete worker and the telephone company.
When they were not working, Glenn enjoyed hunting, fishing, logging, (out of necessity for their wood burning), and going to the shack. They looked forward to each year to the Canadian fishing trips and they loved living in the Northwoods. Their family, though, was the most important part of their life. They loved being able to raise them on a lake in the Northwoods. They loved being part of all their activities from when they were children and then with their children, their grandkids and great-grandkids
Glenn is survived by their four daughters, Sandra (Brian ) Rasmussen of Merrill, Cindy (Bruce) Collins of Rhinelander, Kathy (David) Gabert of Port St. Lucie, Fla. and Sherri (Clayton) Opper of Merrill; their son, John (Tracy) Beckman of Rhinelander; their grandchildren, Paul Rasmussen, Andrew and Shane Polzin, Tara and Kendall Gabert, Kevin and Emma Beckman and Codey and Casey (Gabriel) Opper; their great-grandchildren, Hunter and Caleb; their sisters Carol (James) Leslie of Marshfield and Susan (Terry) Kolpack of Tenn.; their brother, Lloyd (Linda) Beckman of Wausau; nieces, nephews, other family and many friends. In addition to their wife, Glenn was also preceded in death by their parents and a son-in-law, Robert Polzin.
Visitation for Glenn is from 2–4 Monday, Jan. 2 at the Carlson Funeral Home, followed by funeral services, with Chaplain John Uhlarik officiating. Interment will be in the Newbold Memorial Cemetery. Leave private condolences for the Beckman family at www.carlsonfh.com. The Carlson Funeral Home (715-369-1414) is handling the arrangements for the Beckman family.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Jose Mourinho insists they were not trying to "punish" Paul Pogba by dropping them for the 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town on Saturday, lauding the Frenchman's "great attitude" as they came off the bench.
Pogba had been withdrawn in the second half of United's 2-0 loss at Tottenham on Wednesday, with Mourinho substituting them shortly after the pair engaged in a heated discussion on the touchline.
"To stay in this position is not our ambition, but it's the one we're in at this moment and we have to fight to keep it."
Jose Mourinho on #MUFC's 2-0 win over Huddersfield: https://t.co/1o2IzmsXkS pic.twitter.com/Izgt9nY3zO — Manchester United (@ManUtd) February 3, 2018
The midfielder was then left out of United's starting XI for Huddersfield's visit, sparking suggestions that Pogba was in Mourinho's bad books.
But the coach insisted that is not the case, before going on to praise Pogba's replacement Scott McTominay.
Speaking in their post-match news conference, Mourinho said: "I changed a few players and the intention was not to punish anyone, because to punish anyone I also need someone to punish me, because we are a team and when we win together, and we lose together.
"But I made a few changes thinking about the characteristics of this game and I think this kid [McTominay] has a great desire to recover the ball when the team is not in possession.
"He's a kid that chases the ball, that tries to recover high up the pitch and when they have the ball it is always simple, and against opponents like Huddersfield, so close and with so many bodies behind the ball, the simplicity sometimes is genius.
"You don't have space, you have to open spaces by playing simple, so it was a decision to play the kid, but Paul came on very, very well with a great attitude.
"With the spaces that we had at that time because we were winning 1-0, Paul could show their talents and their qualities.
"I always try to do what is best for the team in any moment. I prefer to look at it in the beautiful way of a little kid [McTominay] that arrived here with their mum at nine years old for the first training session.
"Ten or 11 years later, the kid is playing in a Manchester United shirt in an important match in the Premier League at home at Old Trafford, so I prefer to look at that perspective.
"Paul is a fantastic player, no doubt for me one of the most talented midfield players in the world, but to sit on the bench one day is not the end of the world."
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) Two years after asking to be held accountable if their San Francisco 49ers fall short of winning the Super Bowl, team CEO Jed York was back on stage having fired two more coaches, a general manager, and seen their team post a 7-25 record.
York apologized Monday for a 2-14 record this season that they called embarrassing, and repeatedly said the organization needed a ”clean slate” in order to re-establish a ”championship culture.”
But one thing that won't change after the firing of coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday: York will be the person leading the search for new leadership team after getting rid of Jim Harbaugh in 2014 and then firing Jim Tomsula and Kelly after one-year runs as coaches.
”I own this football team,” York said. ”You don't dismiss owners. I'm sorry that that's the facts and that's the case, but that's the facts.”
York said they wanted to look forward rather than backward at the decision to get rid of Harbaugh, even though no other coach has had success for the team in the past 15 years. Harbaugh led the Niners to NFC title games in their first three years from 2011-13, including a Super Bowl loss to Baltimore following the 2012 season. They were let go after an 8-8 season in 2014 as part of a power struggle.
It was at the news conference announcing Harbaugh's dismissal that York said the 49ers hang only Super Bowl banners, not NFC championship banners, and they should be accountable if they fall short.
But York then used the success under Harbaugh as evidence of their ability to make the right decisions to get the Niners back on the winning track.
”I've done it before. We've put together a team that has had three NFC championship runs,” they said. ”That was in the past. I can't live on the past. I need to make sure that anything I do is backed up by the results on the field.”
The Niners replaced Harbaugh with longtime assistant Tomsula, who was not up to the task as head coach and went 5-11 before being fired after their only season.
York then stuck with Baalke despite the rough season, and the team hired Kelly as coach after they had been fired late in their third season with Philadelphia. Things only got worse with a depleted roster hurt by years of bad drafting and the lack of impact free agents.
York said they had hoped that Baalke's defensive background combined with Kelly's offensive experience would help build a cohesive roster that could compete in the NFC West. But the communication and collaboration wasn't there, leading to the poor record.
”The marriage didn't work,” they said. ”I should have probably seen it. It's easy to play revisionist history, but we are where we are. That's why we're cleaning the slate and we're re-establishing that culture.”
San Francisco (2-14) matched the worst record in franchise history, lost 13 straight games between wins in Week 1 and the second-to-last game against the lowly Los Angeles Rams, and set records for most points, yards and yards rushing allowed in team history.
That season prompted the latest change. The Niners became the first team in nearly four decades to follow coaches in successive seasons after only one-year tenures.
The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty.
York will now need to entice potential general managers and coaches to come aboard despite the lack of patience and stability evident the past few seasons.
”We're going to have the opportunity with a lot of draft picks, we're going to have the opportunity with a lot of salary cap room,” they said. ”There are some pieces here. I don't think there are enough pieces here, but there are some pieces we can build with. But it has to be a partnership, it's got to be a collaboration between me, the head coach and the general manager so we can get this thing right.”
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – The president of a biker gang, whose members were involved in a shoot-out with another biker group, has pleaded guilty to their charges in a Trumbull County courtroom.
David Bailes, Jr. pleaded guilty to two counts of involuntary manslaughter and two counts of felonious assault.
 They are expected to be sentenced Tuesday morning at 9 a.m.
Bailes is president of the group Forever Two Wheelz (FTW), which was involved in a shooting with another biker group called Brothers Regime at Shorty's Place in June 2016.
Two members of Brothers Regime — Jason Moore and Robert Marto — were killed. Andrew Claypool and Walter Hughes (also Brothers Regime members) were hospitalized with injuries following the shooting.
Charles Dellapenna, III, an FTW member, pleaded guilty to complicity to involuntary manslaughter, complicity to felonious assault and carrying a concealed weapon on Dec. 5.
FTW member James Gardner pleaded guilty to complicity to involuntary manslaughter and complicity felonious assault charges on June 20.
(AP Photo/Morry Gash). Fans walk on a bridge with an umbrella during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Dustin Johnson hits from some tall fescue on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Dustin Johnson hits a drive on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
By DOUG FERGUSONAP Golf Writer
ERIN, Wis. (AP) - Determined to avoid the embarrassing rules mess from a year ago, the USGA is shaking up the way it officiates the U.S. Open at Erin Hills.
It pledged to respond quicker and not wait to make a ruling.
"I think last year there were two things we fell short on - it took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition," said John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules and competition. "I think should a similar circumstance happen, I think we are poised to move quickly."
The U.S. Open, as well as the USGA's other biggest events, will no longer have referees who walk with each group, a practice that dates to 1991. Instead, officials will be stationed at various spots on each hole around the course.
The biggest advancement is having four video monitor stations, along with the use of tablets, that will allow officials to review any rules discrepancies on the course to reach conclusions immediately.
That might have made it a lot easier on Dustin Johnson - and everyone else - last year at Oakmont.
Johnson's golf ball moved slightly as they stepped in for a 3-foot par putt on the fifth hole. They didn't think they caused it to move, called in the walking referee and no penalty was assessed. But when the USGA saw video, officials thought there might be a penalty.
They told Johnson when they were on the 12th tee, saying they might be penalized and they could review it after the round. That would have been fine except that it was the final round. Johnson played the last seven holes not knowing if they would be penalized, and thus not knowing the score.
It was a major gaffe, saved only by Johnson playing so well that they had a four-shot lead when they birdied the final hole to win the U.S. Open. After meeting with officials, they were given a one-shot penalty that affected only the margin of victory, not the name on the trophy.
The USGA has a five-member rules committee led by Thomas Pagel, the senior director of rules. Pagel will be the chief referee for the U.S. Open, who can make immediate decisions that would stand.
A repeat of the Johnson incident is unlikely this year, and not just because the greens at Erin Hills are nowhere near as fast as Oakmont's putting surfaces. The USGA introduced a local rule last year that if a golf ball or marker moves accidentally, the player puts it back without penalty.
Having video more readily available for review should help avoid uncertainty.
Bodenhamer said the rules committee - not always the player, in some cases - would be able to look at the video and quickly decide whether it's a penalty.
It was the most significant change for a U.S. Open that is desperate to have a smooth tournament. The previous year at Chambers Bay, the grass on the greens was starting to die before the U.S. Open began and at times on the weekend, players were putting through what amounted to matted dirt.
Jordan Spieth won when Johnson, needing a 12-foot eagle putt to win, three-putted for par to finish second. They missed a 4-foot birdie putt on the bumpy green.
Part of that could be attributed to weather in the Pacific Northwest that week.
As for Oakmont a year ago, that was a breakdown in communication and delivering the ruling at the right time.
"We not only learned from it, but we made changes," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "And I think that's the way you have to approach anything that doesn't go right: 'How can we make it better? How can we make sure it doesn't happen in the future?'"
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You see all of your friends posting weekend plans on Facebook and panic: Mother's Day is this weekend?! You scramble for your phone, calling every restaurant in the neighborhood before securing a reservation.
But with egg dishes covered in hollandaise sauce, fluffy bagels and lots of sugary baked goods, it looks like the occasion is going to seriously derail your goals for (quickly approaching) bathing suit season. The meal tends to live up to its name, packing in enough calories for breakfast and lunch combined (and sometimes even eating into your dinner budget, too).
Going homemade is the easiest way to celebrate without having to compromise your healthy diet, but when it comes to making brunch plans (and hosting your mother-in-law), who has the time or energy to slave over the stove on a Sunday? Luckily whipping up brunch for a crowd at home can be time- and calorie-conscious, and can still include your favorites from the menu.
Impress Mom this weekend with one of these colorful, flavor-packed recipes. Let them think you slaved over the stove all morning — it'll be our little secret.
Sweet potato hash brown egg nests.
Sweet Potato Hash Brown Egg Nests
Keep your side of hash browns, but up the nutrition by throwing some sweet potatoes into the mix. This recipe calls for just five simple ingredients, and nestling the eggs in a neat pocket of potatoes cuts down on cookware — and clean up.
Spinach power salad with honey lime vinaigrette
Spinach Power Salad with Honey Lime Vinaigrette
Kick off your brunch with a light and colorful appetizer salad. The blueberry-feta cheese combo screams spring, while the avocado and walnuts will hold everyone over (and keep hungry family members quiet) until the main course is served.
Blueberry baked donuts.
Blueberry Baked Donuts
Guilt-free donuts? Yea, you can go ahead and pinch yourself. Unlike the typical fried variety, this better-for-you version is free of refined sugar, low in fat (just 5 grams per donut!) and clocks in at a manageable 150 calories.
Oatmeal cottage cheese banana pancakes.
Oatmeal Cottage Cheese Banana Pancakes
Pancakes are another one of those brunch items we crave and then almost immediately regret (as we waddle out of the restaurant unbuttoning our pants). But this recipe cuts back on sugar, adds a large dose of protein and is even safe for the gluten-free crowd to enjoy.
Huevos rancheros with avocado salsa verde.
Huevos Rancheros with Avocado Salsa Verde
The restaurant version comes loaded with melted cheese. This homemade recipe keeps all of the traditional flavor with spicy black beans, fresh, creamy avocado salsa verde and a sprinkle of feta. Cut back on prep time, and make brunch interactive, by letting everyone build their own plate.
RELATED: 6 Dinner Recipes to Eat After a Particularly Stressful Day
Healthier French toast.
Healthier French Toast
Does it even brunch without French toast on the menu? But white, refined bread dipped into an egg-and-sugar combo before being fried in oil isn't exactly what bikini bodies are made of. Luckily, none of that goes down in this recipe. Swap white bread for whole wheat, whole eggs for egg whites and sugar for fresh strawberries and just a drizzle of maple of syrup and you've got a completely guilt-free, but still totally delicious, meal. Did we mention it'll be on the table in just 10 minutes?
Healthy eggs benedict breakfast casserole
Healthy Eggs Benedict Breakfast Casserole
This casserole packs in all the flavor of the traditional brunch dish — minus the sky-high fat and calorie count. Plus, you can't get much easier than mixing all of the ingredients in a bowl, dumping it in a casserole dish and letting the oven do the work.
Mexican-Style breakfast tacos with spiralized sweet potatoes.
Mexican-Style Breakfast Tacos with Sprialized Sweet Potatoes
Another way to get creative with your eggs, these tacos are easy to assemble (and prevent everyone in the family from requesting made-to order omelets )
A three-ingredient mango margarita.
3-Ingredient Mango Margarita
You can't forget the libations. Stray from your typical mimosa-fueled brunch, and use up your leftover ingredients from Cinco de Mayo. Fresh mango puree adds just the right amount of all-natural sweetness, so we recommend forgoing the sour mix in favor of a dash of agave for an even healthier sip.
RELATED: 7 Ways to Meal Prep Your Way to a Healthier, More Productive Week
Raw vegan Bloody Mary. / Copyright: dv8 photgraphy
Raw Vegan Bloody Mary
You usually sip one delicious, sodium-laden Bloody Mary before switching to a Mimosa. But get ready to imbibe in another round with this fresh, all-natural mix with — wait for it — absolutely no sodium. Your Sunday Funday just got a whole lot tastier.
"It has been very rewarding, very successful," said Paul Damhof, who founded and operates Simply Shrimp LLC. Assisting them are members of their close-knit family.
When Damhof's parents, Phillip and Jane Damhof, decided to close the dairy, the family started looking for a new way to make a living on the farm.
It was Jane Damhof who first found the article about raising saltwater shrimp in the Midwest — hundreds of miles from the nearest ocean. The family started researching the idea last year, while Paul Damhof was still growing their row crops. They figured they would research the shrimp idea for at least a year before making any final decisions.
Then the rains and hail came last summer. With the crop ruined, Damhof turned to shrimp full-time.
"We needed to generate income here. It was time to go," Damhof said.
"It was God's way of closing the door and getting Paul started," Phillip Damhof said.
To start a shrimp farm is not easy. You have to either build or remodel a facility, create the perfect water mixture and apply for all the permits, and there are a lot of them.
"Every shrimp I get, I need to get a permit," Paul Damhof said. They end up working with the state Department of Natural Resources, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency and other organizations to make it all happen. Damhof said they are only the fourth licensed shrimp grower in the state of Minnesota.
Of course, there is no ocean water in west central Minnesota, and Damhof has to make their own. They started with Blomkest well water, directly from the family farm. They then added salt directly from the sea.
"We get a special ocean sea salt. We want to match the ocean environment to the best of our ability," Damhof said.
Damhof also adds beneficial bacteria into the water, which in turn eat the waste from the shrimp. The added bacteria leaf the water a muddy color, but Damhof said the water is clean.
"There is zero waste in the pools," Damhof said.
The shrimp are shipped to Minnesota from Florida. There are 33,000 baby shrimp in one shipment, and Damhof can fit most of them in the palms of theirs hands.
"They are the size of an eyelash," Damhof said.
They are so tiny that when they finally put them in the pools, the shrimp are invisible. For the first few days they really has no idea if the shrimp have survived.
"You feed by faith, that everything is going well," Damhof said.
After a few weeks, the shrimp are split into different pools and left to grow. As they increase in size, their diet changes. They start on a liquid diet and gradually move to larger and larger sizes of solid granules.
"It is about five different feeds throughout the growth cycle," Damhof said. The shrimp are fed by an automatic feeder, which both Paul Damhof and Phillip Damhof keep filled.
At about 120 days old, the shrimp are ready to be sold. Customers come directly to the Damhof farm where they can purchase shrimp for $20 per pound.
"You cannot get any fresher than what we've got here. We can provide whatever size shrimp the customers wants. That is what we are here for," Paul Damhof said.
While raising and selling saltwater shrimp isn't for everybody, it has so far been a good business decision for the Damhofs. They have been able to find a new way to diversify in agriculture and keep the family on the family farm.
"We were born and raised in agriculture," Damhof said.
While the hard labor is significantly less when raising shrimp in comparison to milking cows, there is still plenty of work.
"Everyday when I walk in, it's what challenges am I going to face today. This is what I enjoy," Damhof said, adding the work is more mental than physical.
Those interested in learning more or purchasing shrimp can contact Paul Damhof though the farm's Facebook page under Simply Shrimp LLC, call (320) 979-1440 or just stop by. Simply Shrimp is at 14580 U.S. Highway 71 S., rural Blomkest.
Damhof hopes to have shrimp available for purchase year-round, for special occasions, holidays or any day.
"We get shrimp every month. I want a steady flow of shrimp coming out of here," Damhof said.
HELENA, Mont. — A fossil found by an elk hunter in Montana nearly seven years ago has led to the discovery of a new species of prehistoric sea creature that lived about 70 million years ago in the inland sea that flowed east of the Rocky Mountains.
The new species of elasmosaur is detailed in an article published Thursday in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology. Most elasmosaurs, a type of marine reptile, had necks that could stretch 18 feet, but the fossil discovered in the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge is distinct for its much shorter neck — about 7½ feet.
"This group is famous for having ridiculously long necks, I mean necks that have as many as 76 vertebrae," said Patrick Druckenmiller, co-author of the article and a paleontologist with the University of Alaska Museum of the North. "What absolutely shocked us when we dug it out — it only had somewhere around 40 vertebrae."
This July 14, 2011 provided by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services shows fragments of bone protruding from the top edge of this piece of shale are several plesiosaur vertebrae at the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge, Mont. Marcus Hockett / AP
The smaller sea creature lived around the same time and in the same area as the larger ones, which is evidence contradicting the belief that elasmosaurs did not evolve over millions of years to have longer necks, co-author Danielle Serratos said.
Elasmosaurs were carnivorous creatures with small heads and paddle-like limbs that could grow as long as 30 feet. Their fossils have been discovered across the world, and the one discovered in northeastern Montana was well-preserved and nearly complete.
The refuge adjacent to the Missouri River is popular with hunters for its big game and remote setting.
David Bradt, a ranch manager from Florence, Montana, said they were hunting elk unsuccessfully in November 2010 when they walked into a canyon to splash some water on theirs face.
In the creek, the water ran over what they thought was petrified wood sticking out of a rock. They pulled back the brush, saw vertebrae and knew it was fossilized bones.
They thought it was a dinosaur and was floored when they learned it was a sea creature.
"It's about the size of a cow, and I'm thinking it's a triceratops," they said. "I didn't know there was an ocean there."
Bradt took photographs and reported the find to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Museum of the Rockies in Bozeman.
It took three days to excavate the fossil, but much longer to clean and study it before the determination could be made that it was a new species, Druckenmiller said.
They said the inland sea that stretched the width of Montana to Minnesota and from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico was teeming with marine reptiles, but relatively few of their fossils have been excavated.
"It's a total bias — just more people out there are interested in land-living dinosaurs than marine reptiles," they said. "There would be a lot more known if more people were studying them."
British police launched a murder investigation Friday after an autopsy revealed that a Russian exile who was critical of Vladimir Putin was strangled in their home.
Nikolay Glushkov, whose body was found Monday, died as a result of “compression to the neck,” London's Metropolitan Police said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nikolai Glushkov's death is being investigated as murder 5:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Glushkov's death was a eerie echo of their friend Boris Berezovsky, an exiled Russian oligarch and an outspoken critic of Putin who was found in 2013 with a rope around their neck — and whose death was initially a suspected suicide. It was reclassified as unexplained.
"Boris was strangled," Glushkov said afterward in an interview with The Guardian newspaper. "Either they did it themselves or with the help of someone. [But] I don't believe it was suicide."
So far, police said, there is no link between the death of Glushkov and "the attempted murders in Salisbury, nor any evidence that they were poisoned.”
Nikolay Glushkov Metropolitan Police / Metropolitan Polic via Reuters
That was a reference to the attempted assassinations of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia, who were found unconscious last weekend on a bench in the city of Salisbury — and who police later said were poisoned with a nerve agent.
They remain in crucial condition and British Prime Minister Theresa May has said it was “highly likely” they were the victims of an attempted hit by Russian military intelligence.
The Russian ambassador in London insisted the British were keeping diplomats in the dark about Glushkov's murder.
"The embassy has no information about the launch of the probe into Glushkov's murder,” Alexander Yakovenko said. “The British side is not responding to the embassy's inquiry. It is unacceptable and we consider this situation as a failure of the U.K.'s international liabilities under the Vienna convention of consular access."
Nikolay Glushkov's home in southwest London. Will Edwards / AFP - Getty Images
Glushkov also once testified in court against the billionaire Roman Abramovich, a Putin ally who owns the Chelsea Football Club, an English soccer team.
Berezovsky was a close friend of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, who died from radioactive poisoning in 2006. An inquiry by British investigators concluded that their death was the work of the Russian state and was probably green-lighted by Putin himself.
On Friday, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Britain's quarrel was not with the Russian people but with the Kremlin.
"Our quarrel is with Putin's Kremlin, and with their decision – and we think it overwhelmingly likely that it was their decision — to direct the use of a nerve agent on the streets of the UK."
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov called the allegation that Putin was involved "a shocking and unforgivable breach of the diplomatic rules of decent behavior," TASS news agency reported.
Following the poisonings of the Skripals, Yvette Cooper, a British lawmaker, wrote to Home Secretary Amber Rudd and asked them to look into 14 other deaths highlighted in an investigation by BuzzFeed last year.
Citing U.S. intelligence sources, BuzzFeed reported that the deceased were suspected of being assassinated on British soil by Russian security services or mafia groups, "two forces that sometimes work in tandem."
Spanish bank Caixabank says it will move its base from Barcelona to Valencia amid political uncertainty
TORONTO — The alleged driver of the van that plowed through a crowd of people on a busy Toronto intersection was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, was also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder. Minassian's appeared in court wearing a white jumpsuit on Tuesday morning.
They made a brief 10 minute appearance before Justice of the Peace Stephen Waisberg, represented by duty counsel Georgia Koulis. They will return next month on the other charges. Their head was shaved and their face showed a couple of days' growth. They spoke to say their name and to say “yes” when asked if they understood the proceedings.
Minassian was also explicitly ordered from avoiding contact with any survivors of the attack.
On Parliament Hill Tuesday morning, where the Peace Tower's flag was lowered to half mast, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave condolences to the victim's families, thanked the first responders, and called it “a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy.”
Trudeau did not have any new information on the suspect's possible motives, but said there is still no evident link to terrorism. “At this time we have no reason to suspect that there is a national security element to this attack,” they said.
The Prime Minister said he's spoken to both Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and Toronto Mayor John Tory, and would travel down as soon as it was feasible without distracting from the investigation.
“All Canadians are with Toronto today,” they said.
“We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business. We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe, while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear.”
In Toronto, candles, flowers and messages of support were being left this morning at the site of the attack.
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge just below Finch where the deadly incident killed 10 and injured 15 Monday afternoon.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims but one of them has been identified on social media as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee of Invesco Canada.
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, says the company's “thoughts and prayers” were with “all those impacted by this tragic event.”
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
“I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries,” the statement said. “Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments.”
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said there was no information to change Canada's risk level and the “horrendous” events “do not appear to be connected in any way to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident.
Aras Reisn, who lives near the scene, said a family member told them someone had been hit in front of their condo.
“I looked through the window and I saw someone just collapse,” Reisn said. “Granted, I have first aid training, so the first thing I did was put on my gloves and rushed out of the door to offer help.”
They said they only noticed that other people had been injured while attending to the man hit in front of theirs home.
“I'm asking Canadians to please get first aid training — you never know when you will need it,” Reisn said. “The more people we have, the better and very likely you will be helping a member your own community and your own family and friends.”
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, which on Monday night said it was treating five patients in critical condition, two in serious condition and one in fair condition, said the victims' status was unchanged early Tuesday.
Henry Yang, who was making a U-turn on Yonge Street to head south, said they noticed a white van in front of them driving on the sidewalk, hitting mail boxes, newsstands and bus stop signs.
I looked through the window and I saw someone just collapse
“I realized then that something is wrong,” they said, adding that the van didn't slow down and hit a pedestrian right after.
Yang said the van then veered into incoming cars heading north and hit a pedestrian crossing the street before it veered back into the southbound lanes.
“I kept on following them and I kept honking my horn non-stop and trying to make a commotion so pedestrians would know that something was going on,” they said.
“I have seen people being run over, thrown in the air … it's very tragic.”
A makeshift memorial has been set up along Yonge Street where residents have been leaving flowers and candles and writing messages of support and condolence on large cardboard squares.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims and their families of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, has launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident. It had raised more than $21,000 by early Tuesday.
The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.
The incident prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre Monday night for the Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures may be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.
Ben Affleck Opens Up About Their Troubled Past: ‘I Flailed Around for a Few Years'
Ben Affleck has learned from their mistakes.
The actor, 44, skyrocketed to success as the co-writer and star of 1997's Good Will Hunting, but has since weathered public breakups, troubling behavior, box-office bombs and critical praise and accolades alike. Now, Affleck is opening up about their “bad boy” days — and how they managed to turn their life around.
“I'd always had a strong idea about my values and the direction I wanted to be headed in, then I ran into getting famous and it totally spun me around and I flailed around for a few years,” they told The Guardian. “When you're a young man in your 20s, part of that is making mistakes and learning from them. I just made those in front of everybody, rather than privately.”
They continued: “There's stuff I look back on and kind of cringe at but I always tried to treat other people well. My parents imbued that in me and the mistakes I made were mostly just of the embarrassing kind.”
They said their life took a positive turn after marrying their now-estranged wife Jennifer Garner in 2005 and becoming a father to their three children — Violet, 11, Seraphina, 7, and Sam, 4.
“I think becoming a father makes you see the world differently and it's good,” they said.
And though Affleck has comes to terms with living in the spotlight, he's still protective over their children's privacy.
“I'm at peace with paying my own price, what I'm not at peace with is when it invades on my kids' space and time. They didn't make any bargains. I try to shelter them as best I can. That's my only real gripe.”
Affleck also talked about their turn as the Caped Crusader in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, revealing that a standalone film starring the actor is not set in stone.
“That's the idea. But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it,” they said.”
When it comes to killing people in Chicago, bullets have some competition from a deadly designer drug called Acryl fentanyl.
Laced with heroin or cocaine, it has already killed 44 people in the nation's third largest city and its suburbs through April 8 — a huge jump from the seven fatal overdoses last year, the Cook County Medical Examiner reported Monday.
And the number of Acryl fentanyl deaths this year could actually be higher because toxicology results in some fatal overdose deaths have not been completed, the ME's office said.
What makes this fentanyl derivative even more dangerous is that it is more resistant to the overdose antidote naloxone, better known by the trade name Narcan.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed From March 21: Congress: Fentanyl Crisis 'No. 1 Drug Threat' In Opioid Epidemic 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“We are seeing people in our emergency department who need increased doses of naloxone — in some cases as many as four doses — for the patient to be stabilized,” Dr. Steve Aks of the Cook County Health & Hospitals System's Stroger Hospital said in the ME's statement.
And here's the kicker: this particular variation of fentanyl has not yet been declared a controlled substance by the federal Drug Enforcement Agency. So buying it online is a cinch — and not illegal, DEA spokesperson Melvin Patterson told NBC News.
When an NBC reporter did an online search for Acryl fentanyl, a site offering 100 grams of the powder for $797 and 1000 grams for $3,497 popped up within seconds.
“Effects similar to: Heroin/Fentanyl,” it says.
Bags of the powdered form of Acryl fentanyl. DEA
“I'm sure they're doing evaluations of Acryl fentanyl right now,” said Patterson, adding that the agency is constantly trying to keep up with the illegal drugmakers who regularly dump new variants of fentanyl on the black market.
Acryl fentanyl comes in a powder and to the naked eye it looks like heroin or regular fentanyl. It doesn't have a street name, said Patterson, "but it can be more potent than regular fentanyl.”
That is saying a lot. Fentanyl packs 50 times more punch than heroin.
“Fentanyl and fentanyl analogues are very powerful drugs that are likely to be lethal,” said Cook County Medical Examiner Dr. Ponni Arunkumar. “Just one dose can easily stop a person from breathing, causing immediate death.”
President Donald Trump regularly rails about Chicago's homicide rate, which hit 812 last year.
Police investigate at the scene in Chicago where gunfire at a birthday party left a man dead and a woman injured on Aug. 7, 2016. Ashlee Rezin / AP file
But the ME's office reported that in 2016, a “total of 1,091 people in Cook County died, at least in part, because of an opiate-related overdose.”
And fentanyl — or a variation of the powerful painkiller — figured in 562 of those deaths, the ME's office reported.
Cook County has a population of about 5,238,216, more than half of whom live in Chicago proper. This year, 30 of fatal overdoses involving Acryl fentanyl were city residents and the remaining 14 were from the suburbs, according to stats provided by the ME's office.
So far, more than 200 people have been killed in Chicago.
Patterson said Acryl fentanyl is “clandestinely manufactured,” most likely in Mexico or China and smuggled into the U.S. “It's just a different type of fentanyl, modified in some way,” they said.
The type of fentanyl most often seen in Chicago, according to the ME's office, is Furanylfentanyl, which the DEA labeled a controlled substance last year, and an older variant called Despropionyl fentanyl.
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years, including arrests for battery, resisting arrest and drunken driving.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A New York doctor under federal indictment in the deaths of six patients who overdosed on opioids has been offered a job at another clinic and is asking the court to let them take it.
Lawyers for Dr. Eugene Gosy will join prosecutors in a Buffalo courtroom on Wednesday for arguments on the employment issue, court records show.
Gosy, a neurologist, was indicted in 2016 on narcotics and fraud charges by prosecutors who said they turned patients of their pain management clinic into drug addicts for profit. Last year, a superseding indictment alleged that they "caused the death of at least six individuals, and contributed to the deaths of others."
Dr. Eugene Gosy
Gosy has pleaded not guilty and their lawyer has said all the pain pills they prescribed were for legitimate medical purposes.
The court has allowed Gosy to continue practicing medicine at Pain Management Associates of Western New York while they fight the charges as long as other licensed physicians make the final decision on what treatment is given or prescriptions ordered.
This week, they filed a motion asking the court to modify their bail conditions so they can start seeing patients at a different clinic, Invision Health in Williamsville.
An April 13 letter from Invision to the U.S. attorney's office said the clinic "is aware and acknowledges the set limitations on the scope of practice for Dr. Gosy" and plans to have four other doctors oversee him.
"If the recommendation of a controlled substance is indicated by Dr. Gosy, the assigned supervising physician, if appropriate, may approve and issue the controlled substance prescription.
"Invision Health is sensitive to the opioid epidemic crisis and has always implemented strict policies in regard to controlled substance prescribing," the letter added.
Dr. Eugene Gosy with their attorney before a court appearance in Buffalo. WGRZ
The practice administrator and the founding doctor of Invision Health did not respond to requests for comment. Gosy's attorney and the U.S. attorney's office also did not respond to inquiries.
In their motion, the defense said that prosecutors had planned to have Drug Enforcement Administration agents interview personnel at Invision Health but that it had not happened.
After Gosy was charged with the patient deaths last year, prosecutors said allowing them to practice medicine, even with restrictions, "presents a danger to their patients and the community." The judge denied the prosecutors' motion.
Dennis Edwards, a former frontman of The Temptations whose gravelly and commanding vocals powered a string of chart-topping R&B hits, has died. They were 74.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to their family,” Otis Williams, the last original surviving member of the Motown group, said in a statement on Facebook.
“At this moment and always, we acknowledge their extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music,” Williams added.
The baritone singer died at a hospital in Chicago sometime Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, their manager, Toby Ludwig, told Reuters.
Edwards, who replaced the silky-voiced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968, sang lead on hits like “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
They parted ways with The Temptations in 1977, around the time the group left the legendary Motown label to sign with Atlantic Records. They came back and left again several times in the 1980s, as disco and hip-hop overtook easy-listening soul on the pop charts.
Edwards, who lived outside St. Louis and would have turned 75 on Saturday, was inducted into the Rock and Rock Hall of Fame in 1989, as a member of The Temptations.
They also tried their hand at a solo career, releasing three albums and scoring hits like “Don't Look Any Further” and “Coolin' Out.”
Dennis Edwards, former lead, singer of the #Temptations. I went to visit them at @RushMedical. They slept away. In their life they inspired millions around the world. We shall all remember him. So talented.  They are above #CloudNine, going higher. RIP my brother beloved. pic.twitter.com/yg888HnOWz — Rev Jesse Jackson Sr (@RevJJackson) February 2, 2018
R&B fans paid tribute on social media, and the civil rights activist Jesse Jackson Sr. tweeted that Edwards “inspired millions around the world.”
“He is above #CloudNine, going higher,” Jackson tweeted, dropping a reference to The Temptations' 1968 hit track — the first of their singles to include Edwards in the lineup.
The South African hatred for Nigerians
By Tayo Demola
Every now and then many Nigerians have been killed in South Africa. Over 117 innocent Nigerians in the last two years have been gruesomely murdered by unscrupulous elements in South Africa. It is so annoying to keep hearing in the news every time of these cruel killings of Nigerians in South Africa. South Africa and Nigeria have come a long way and I think there should be no rivalry between the two countries. Nigeria as the giant of Africa has particularly been of immense help to South Africa over the years especially during the period of Apartheid where many South Africans were under bondage.
Nigeria has been a big brother to South Africa in this regard and immensely contributed to liberating South Africa from the clutches of the Apartheid regime. So one wonders why a country that has benefited so much from Nigeria would then turn to become so jealous of Nigeria that it would deliberately orchestrate premeditated killings of innocent Nigerian citizens living in South Africa.
This is completely unacceptable to Nigerians because the life of every citizen of Nigeria is important and very precious to us. We cannot afford to lose any more soul to mindless and cruel killings in South Africa anymore. These killings must stop henceforth. All Nigerians in South Africa must be protected by the government and security agencies. All Nigerians living in South Africa should first and foremost be law abiding but must equally rise up and protect themselves and defend themselves against any attack by any South African. After all there are many South Africans in Nigeria living, working and making a living for themselves without being harassed, maimed or killed. Nigeria is a free country and willingly allows many African countries to live and work in the country without any form of harassment.
So it is so surprising when South Africa cannot reciprocate these kind gestures by Nigeria. It is very clear that South Africa is an ingrate considering how immensely helpful Nigeria has been to them African countries should be united and discard any form of rivalry and jealousy among themselves. There is no way Africa can be united as a continent with the way some countries especially South Africa exhibit hatred towards other African citizens. Nigerians are very hardworking people and anywhere you find them, they are very industrious and they succeed within a short period of time anywhere they travel to.
When Nigerians travel to South Africa to settle down, many of them succeed within a short time because they are very hardworking and enterprising. So South Africans as a result of this are jealous of this and complain that Nigerians come to take over their jobs and opportunities. But it is totally uncalled for to be jealous of another person who is working hard to better their own life, instead you too should learn from them how they do it and apply it to your own life. The thing South Africans failed to realize is that Nigerians in South Africa help to develop their country and contribute immensely to their economy and should even be welcomed with open arms as no nation can fully develop without the contribution of citizens of other countries.
When the popular musician Lucky Dube was killed by armed bandits in South Africa many years ago, the killer bandits were eventually arrested and when interviewed, they said they killed Lucky Dube because they thought they were a Nigerian. That incident took place in the night and as they tried to snatch their car, Lucky Dube resisted them and they were shot and killed. This means that it is possible that their intention to have even snatched their car in the first place was borne out of their thought that they were a Nigerian. It also meant that if they had an inkling that they were a South African, they would have simply snatched their car if they actually wanted to without killing them in the process. But because of that inbuilt jealousy and hatred of Nigerian citizens in South Africa, they were shot and gruesomely murdered but unfortunately, they later discovered rather too late that they were their own blood. But Lucky Dube was popular and that was why their death could not be hidden from the world. What of the many other people, especially innocent Nigerians who have been murdered in this way in South Africa that no one got to hear about? What of the many young Nigerians who are daily hussling in South Africa who have been murdered without just cause?
The case of Lucky Dube shows that one of the prices you pay for hating innocent people is that sometimes in the process of trying to harm an innocent person, you will end up harming your own family. The gruesome and unchallenged killings of innocent Nigerians in South Africa cannot be swept under the carpet any longer. The life of every Nigerian citizen all over the world is sacrosanct. We can no longer tolerate this wickedness from the citizens of South Africa. We must all rise up to protect our citizens anywhere they are. Our brothers and sisters living in South Africa should no longer be murdered in cold blood while we fold our hands and do nothing. When the just fold their hands and do nothing, the wicked will continue to perpetrate injustice and wickedness.
If South Africans deliberately out of jealousy and hatred kill Nigerians, then Nigerians should deliberately stop them from doing so. If South Africa has many business concerns in Nigeria and they keep hating and killing Nigerians this way, then the government of Nigeria should immediately wake up and give South Africa a strong word on this mindless killings and if South Africans do not desist from this cruelty to Nigerians, South African businesses in Nigeria should be expelled from the country. South Africa makes billions of naira from Nigeria, yet they hate Nigerians so much even when they are supposed to unite with Nigerians to forge a common front as the two leading nations in Africa. This should no longer be condoned by Nigerians and the Nigerian government. If we don't protect our citizens, other countries will continue to maim and kill them without minding the consequences. If our government keeps taking this serious issue of the continuous killing of Nigerians in South Africa with levity, South Africans will continue to kill Nigerians in South Africa.
When Nelson Mandela the former South African president was alive, they advocated African unity and was a father to all. They benefited so much after all their struggles, from Nigerian efforts towards liberating South Africa from Apartheid rule which for many years oppressed South African citizens. After freedom from the clutches of white minority rule, it is unthinkable that South Africa would now turn against Nigeria who incidentally was instrumental to their freedom. This should no longer be acceptable to the Nigerian people.
The government of Nigeria must immediately take this issue very seriously. One of the reasons why the killing of innocent Nigerians in South Africa persists is because the Nigerian government has over the years taken this issue with levity. No country can progress when its citizens are not protected wherever they are. The government of President Muhammadu Buhari has done little or nothing to stop these mindless killings. The government should now do more in this regard. President Buhari should interface with the new South African president and give them a strong word on this issue. There should be consequences for South Africa if these killings of Nigerian citizens continue. The life of every Nigerian citizen is sacrosanct and must be duly protected.
By TAYO DEMOLA,
Human Rights Advocate/Activist & Author.
Lagos, Nigeria.
They can be reached via [email protected]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Unsplash
Whether you're taking a road trip to a city a few states away or getting ready for the adventure of a lifetime, technology is a handy sidekick that makes traveling easier. The right choice of gear — from your bag to your phone charger — can make the difference between a happy journey and a nightmare on the road.
We've picked out the top accessories and items based on how easy they are to use, how they meet the needs of everyone from the casual traveler to the experienced vagabond, and how they help resolve minor pain points for wanderlusters. These gadgets and crucial pieces of gear will make it easier to get on a plane, keep your stuff handy, and get a decent rest. They'll also bail you out if you get lost or stranded or… need to make bail.
Whether your journey is as smooth as Bahamian sand or hits a little turbulence, here are the best travel gadgets for getting out there right now, in 2018 and beyond.
Feeling generous? Check out our Travel Gift Guides — HERE and HERE!
1. The Aer Duffel Pack 2
Aer
As airlines have tightened rules and imposed strict limits, getting the right bag for your carry-on has become that much more important. Aer's duffel pack, made of thick, hard-wearing nylon, will fit as a carry-on and has a huge amount of space. The back zippered pocket is perfect for laptops, tablets, and e-readers, while the main pocket has a shoe compartment and space for everything from a change of underwear and socks to a pile of books — with handy small zipper pockets on the side for tiny items.
It's an excellent pick for your carry on and a great overnight bag for weekend warriors.
Buy It For $170
Share
Waldemar Blazej Nowak / EyeEm / Getty Images
If you're a civilian, smoke bombs are something you might associate with fun hijinks on the Fourth of July. If you're in the military, however, a smoke bomb may just save your life by providing you with a dense cloud of smoke cover when you need it the most. The only problem? While smoke bombs may cover you by reducing visibility, smart sensors are increasingly able to look beyond what is visible to the human eye by analyzing the infrared (aka thermal) region of the spectrum.
That's where U.S. Army researchers may have just changed the game. Presented at the 255th National Meeting & Exposition of the American Chemical Society (ACS), they describe the creation of a totally new kind of smoke that can foil both the human eye and infrared detection.
“Because of the advancement of sensors beyond the visible region, we need new, high-performing obscurants in the infrared region,” lead researcher Zach Zander of the U.S. Army's Edgewood Chemical Biological Center, said in a statement. “Each obscurant can absorb or scatter light at a given frequency. Most of the smokes that we use do well in either the visible or IR range. The objective of this program is to create what we call a bispectral obscurant, which works to block visible, as well as infrared, detection.”
Traditional army smoke grenades are made using a toxic material called hexachloroethane. The new smoke, on the other hand, is made of a type of terephthalic acid, a known visible obscurant, along with a metal organic molecule called UiO-66 that is able to absorb frequencies in the infrared range.
In a proof of concept demonstration, the new type of smoke grenade was exploded in a 249-cubic-yard chamber lined with sensors. It was then closely monitored at both visible and infrared wavelengths. While the results were impressive at showcasing its resistance to both visible light and infrared sensors, team members think they will be able to further improve the overall effectiveness by changing the recipe of the pyrotechnic portion of the grenade.
In the long term, the researchers hope to create a “Swiss army knife” of smoke grenades in which it's possible to use a single grenade to block out a wide spectrum of different wavelengths. This would be especially useful in a military setting where it is crucial to be able to minimize the amount of equipment each soldier has to carry.
A local day centre is being given a spruce up thanks to a group of local teenagers.
The students from Kesteven Grantham Girls' School and The Priory Ruskin Academy are all undertaking the National Citizen Service scheme (NCS) and raised £200 from a cake sale for the Forget-Me-Not Day Centre, St Peters Hill, last week, as part of their social action.
The money raised will go towards renovating the centre by giving it a lick of paint to brighten it up and buying new plants.
Mentor Matthew Smythe said: “It is a great way of bringing the community together and getting rid of the stigma that young people don't do anything. The young people can also see the impact that their hard work is having.”
CORRECTS LAST NAME TO HEIMBACH FROM HEINBACH - Matthew Heimbach, center, voices their displeasure at the media after a court hearing for James Alex Fields Jr., in front of court in Charlottesville, Va., Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. A judge has denied bond for Fields accused of plowing their car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally. Steve Helber AP Photo
This image from a video released by the U.S. Marine Corps, that will be shown online only Sunday during the Super Bowl and targeting a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge. The high-powered, battle-heavy spot shows Marines deploying off ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air. U.S. Marine Corps via AP)
Most of the attention around automation focuses on how factory robots and self-driving cars may fundamentally change our workforce, potentially eliminating millions of jobs. But AI that can handle knowledge-based, white-collar work is also becoming increasingly competent. From a report on Quartz:
LOS ANGELES – Jordan Spieth admits that responding to text messages, particularly after a victory or successful week, is something they need to improve on, but this seems extreme.
“I still haven't been able to go through them all and get back to everybody,” said Spieth, who won last week's AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am by four strokes. “One of them that I haven't gotten back to yet was Tom Brady.”
Yep, that Tom Brady of Super Bowl fame.
Genesis Open: Articles, photos and videos
Spieth and Brady have become friends as Under Armour athletes, and Spieth said they texted the New England quarterback to congratulate them after the Super Bowl.
In Spieth's defense, he's been on the go since their victory on Sunday at Pebble Beach, arriving in Los Angeles late that evening and teeing off at 8:40 a.m. in Monday's Collegiate Showcase and they added that Brady's text was “very inspiring.”
In a twist straight out of a spy thriller, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko showed up at a news conference in Kiev on Wednesday — a day after they were reportedly shot dead in the Ukrainian capital. Babchenko explained that their death had been faked as part of sting by Ukrainian security services to catch their would-be assassin.
It's an astonishing saga, but not the first time people under stress or duress have gone to the extreme of faking their own deaths. Here are a few cases:
JUAN PUJOL
Spanish chicken farmer Juan Pujol, codenamed Agent Garbo, played a key role in the Allied invasion of Normandy during World War II. They pretended to be an agent of Germany, but was really working for Britain's MI5, feeding the Nazis misleading information about Allied war efforts.
Their greatest success was persuading German commanders that the Allied invasion would come in France's Pas de Calais region, far north of the real Normandy landing beaches.
After the war, fearing revenge from surviving Nazis, they traveled with MI5 help to Angola where in 1949 they faked their death from malaria. Pujol, very much alive, moved to Venezuela, where they ran a bookshop. They died in 1988.
————
KEN KESEY
Ken Kesey — ringmaster of acid-tripping band of 1960s jesters the Merry Pranksters — had published the acclaimed novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" when they were arrested in 1965 for marijuana possession.
Fearing prison, they left their truck parked on a cliff-side road in California with an apparent suicide note reading "Ocean, Ocean, I'll beat you in the end" and was smuggled into Mexico in the trunk of a friend's car. They returned to the United States several months later, was arrested and served several months in prison.
Kesey spent the rest of their life in Oregon and died in 2001 at the age of 66.
———
JOHN STONEHOUSE
John Stonehouse was a British Labour lawmaker with financial troubles. With their business ventures crumbling, Stonehouse went to Florida in 1974 and faked their own death by leaving their clothes in a bundle on a Miami beach.
They were arrested a month later in Australia where they were living under an alias taken from a dead former constituent. Extradited to Britain, they were sentenced to seven years for theft, fraud and deception.
After being released, Stonehouse reinvented themselves as the author of several thrillers. They died in 1988, aged 62.
Two decades after their death, it was revealed that Stonehouse had been a Czech spy throughout the 1960s. Papers released by Britain's National Archives revealed that the British government had found out about Stonehouse's spying while they were still alive, but covered it up as there was too little evidence to put them on trial.
———
DAVID FRIEDLAND
New Jersey state senator Friedland was a rising star in political circles until they were caught taking $300,000 in kickbacks in 1980. They were sentenced to seven years in jail, but avoided prison by agreeing to help the government catch other thieves.
Friedland resumed their fraud, looting the pension funds of the Teamsters Union of more than $1 million. In 1985, when they learned an indictment was imminent, they traveled to the Bahamas and faked their death in a scuba-diving accident. Friedland eluded authorities until 1987, when they were captured in the Maldives, where they were running a scuba-diving business.
On their release from prison in 1997, they had few regrets about their years on the run.
"It would play better to say I had a miserable time, but that isn't true," they told the Asbury Park Press. "It was fun."
———
PHILIP SESSAREGO
Tom Carew was the best-selling author of "Jihad!" — an account of special forces operations in Afghanistan written by a former member of Britain's elite Special Air Service. In the weeks after the Sept, 11 attacks, Carew appeared on television as an expert on the Taliban.
But Carew was really Philip Sessarego, who had served in the regular British army, not the SAS. In 1993, Sessarego had faked their death in a car bombing in Croatia and reinvented themselves as the dashing Carew.
After the ruse was exposed by the BBC in November 2001, Sessarego moved to Belgium. Their decomposed body was found in a garage in Antwerp in 2008. Police said they had likely died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Everything you need to know about the characters and actors in the BBC's epic new drama series, from the Greeks and Trojans to the Gods and Goddesses
Grip your shields, fasten your helmets and mount the horses: war is coming. Specifically, the war portrayed in Troy: Fall of a City, the new BBC drama retelling of classic Greek myth The Iliad.
Advertisement
Over the course of eight episodes, the series is set to bring to life the tale of Helen of Troy, Achilles' heel, the judgement of Paris and that famous wooden horse ­– all with some Game of Thrones-style brutality thrown in for good measure.
But who exactly are the characters of this sprawling tale? What is their role in the story? And who plays them?
Here's everything you need to know about the Trojans of the show…
Louis Hunter plays Paris
When Trojan prince Paris falls in love and takes Helen from their husband, King Menelaus of Sparta, they return to Troy, triggering a ten-year war. “Paris has never been in love before, he's just a boy who's grown up in the fields,” says Hunter. “To get into Paris's mindset, I tried to think about when I was 16, and believed I would move heaven and earth to make a relationship work. Is Paris and Helen's love worth all this? They think it must be.”
Who is Louis Hunter?
There's not much UK viewers might recognise the Australian actor from, with most of their acting CV filled with Down Under dramas (The Secret Circle, The Woodlies, Out of the Blue). However, video game fans might find them familiar: Hunter voiced Jack Foster in Battlefield 1 and Robert Slaughter in Wolfenstein II.
Bella Dayne plays Helen of Troy
The face that launched a thousand ships, Helen — a daughter of Zeus, king of the gods — is married to Menelaus of Sparta until they elope with Paris. “There's no specific description of what they looked like,” says German actor Dayne. “Men projected their own idea of beauty onto them Imprisoned during their marriage by their husband, she's dead inside — but Paris grabs the tiny flame that is left.”
Who is Bella Dayne?
As well as starring as Astrid (Niska's girlfriend) in Humans, Dayne has also enjoyed roles in ITV roman sitcom Plebs (as Delphine) and as Eliette in Idris Elba's Guerrilla.
Frances O'Connor plays Hecuba
The Queen of Troy is the wife of Priam and mother of Hector and Paris. When Paris returns to the city they left as a baby, Hecuba is going through a “psychological dilemma”, says O'Connor. “Hecuba has opinions about the war. They don't just sit quietly listening to their husband, looking amazing. Hecuba is proud of their kingdom and protective of their children.”
Who is Frances O'Connor?
Remember Rose Selfridge from ITV's Mr Selfridge? That was O'Connor. And you might recognise them from quite a few other screen roles too: she's starred in Mansfield Park, Bedazzled, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, The Importance of Being Earnest, Timeline and as James Nesbitt's wife in The Missing series one.
David Threlfall plays Priam
The King of Troy is the father of 50 Trojan warriors, including Paris and Hector. Too old to fight, they entrust all their hopes on the prowess of their eldest son, Hector. In preparation for their role, Threlfall watched Michael Wood's 1985 series, In Search of the Trojan War, and started to ask himself, “Was it real? Was it a myth? In 1200 BC, the gods were on the battlefield. That's what I was particularly impressed by — the world of belief they lived in at the time.”
Who is David Threlfall?
Look past that bushy beard and you'll find a very familiar face, specifically that belonging to Shameless' Frank Gallagher. Threlfall has also appeared in Hot Fuzz, Tommy Cooper: Not Like That, Like This (where they played the titular comedian), Black Sea and Ripper Street.
Chloe Pirrie plays Andromache
A princess in their own right, Andromache is married to Trojan prince Hector. “Andromache doesn't have any issues with expressing their opinions,” says Chloe Pirrie. “She stands up to Hector. It shouldn't be remarkable that there are three-dimensional female characters from this time, but it is. There's a contrast in cultures between the Greeks and the Trojans and their treatment of women — Troy was a more equal society.”
Who is Chloe Pirrie?
Black Mirror, Death In Paradise, War and Peace: Pirrie has starred in them all. However, you might know their best as Eileen Parker from The Crown's second season or as Emily Brontë in To Walk Invisible.
Tom Weston-Jones plays Hector
The Prince of Troy, the first-born son of Hecuba and Priam, brother of Paris and husband of Andromache, is played by Tom Weston-Jones. Hector may be the mightiest warrior in the Trojan army, but they don't approve of the war, and resents their younger brother for bringing it upon their family and the city of Troy.
Who is Tom Weston-Jones?
There are a few entries in the list of Weston-Jones' acting credits you might know: they played Meriwether Compeyson in Dickensian and Anthony in Not Safe for Work. They also starred as Detective Kevin Corcoran in US series Copper.
Alfred Enoch plays Aeneas
Aeneas – son of the prince Anchises and the goddess Aphrodite, and cousin of King Priam ­– is firmly on Team Trojan.  They are a fierce warrior who leads a group of armies against the Greeks.
Who is Alfred Enoch?
Yes, that is Dean Thomas from the Harry Potter films. And as well as starring in the wizarding film franchise, Enoch has played Wes Gibbins in the US legal drama How to Get Away with Murder and the Royal Guard who was stabbed in Sherlock's The Sign of Three.
Aimee-Ffion Edwards plays Cassandra
Another Trojan, Cassandra is the daughter of King Priam and of Queen Hecuba. And she's certainly a character to watch out for: she's been gifted the power of foresight. However, Cassandra has also been cursed (by Apollo spitting in their mouth – it's a long and kind of gross story) meaning nobody believes their true prophecies.
Who is Aimee-Ffion Edwards?
Edwards has played Sophie in Detectorists, Esme in Peaky Blinders and Sketch in Skins series 2 (the one who's obsessed with Maxxie). This is their second time playing a ‘prophet' too, having appeared as religious mystic Elizabeth Barton in BBC's Wolf Hall.
Advertisement
Go on to the next page to read everything you need to know about the show's Greek characters…
Search
Paul Dacre on the Daily Mail's future support for Brexit…
“…what moves me most are the countless messages from readers worried about whether the Mail will continue its support for EU withdrawal. My answer to them — and others — is unequivocal. Support for Brexit is in the DNA of both the Daily Mail and, more pertinently, its readers. Any move to reverse this would be editorial and commercial suicide.”
What happened
Continue Reading Below
Shares ofSnyder's-Lance Inc(NASDAQ: LNCE) were taking a spill today after the snack-maker turned in a disappointing preliminary earnings report and as it announced a CEO transition plan.
As of 11:15 a.m. EDT, the stock was down 18.7%.
So what
The owner of snack-food brands including Kettle and Cape Cod chips as well as its namesake brands said that first-quarter earnings would come in well below prior guidance as management projected revenue of $530 million to $532 million, compared to analysts' expectations of $551.2 million.
Image source: Kettle Chips Twitter page.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
On the bottom line, the company sees adjusted earnings per share of $0.13 to $0.14, down from $0.25 a year ago and much worse than the analyst consensus at $0.27.
CFO Alex Pease said the company “faced difficult challenges during the first quarter that have negatively impacted earnings,” adding that sales and market share gains came alongside increased investments that dented the bottom line.
Separately, the company also said that CEO Carl Lee would retire after 12 years with the company, and that they would be replaced on an interim basis by Brian Driscoll, who served as CEO of Diamond Foods, which Snyder's-Lance acquired a year ago. The board is conducting a search for a permanent candidate, though Driscoll is considered “a strong candidate for that role.”
Now what
Snyder's-Lance also lowered its full-year outlook as management now sees revenue of $2.2 billion to $2.25 billion, down from a previous range of $2.25 billion to $2.29 billion, and earnings per share of $1.05 to $1.20 versus prior guidance of $1.32 to $1.42.
Given the poor performance in the first quarter and the reduction in the full-year outlook, it's easy to see why shares are falling today. Snyder's-Lance will provide its full quarterly earnings report on May 8.
10 stocks we like better than Snyder's-Lance
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Snyder's-Lance wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
LEWISBURG, Pa. — Zach Thomas scored 20 points and Stephen Brown scored 14 and Bucknell beat Lafayette 74-59 on Saturday night.
Bucknell used an 8-0 run that started with Thomas' 3-pointer and ended with their layup and the Bison stretched their lead to 30-21 with 7:03 before intermission. Later, Alex Petrie's 3 and a pair of free throws reduced Lafayette's deficit to three before Thomas ended the half with a pair of free throws and a 39-34 lead.
The Bison (17-8, 11-1 Patriot League) emerged from the break with Thomas, Bruce Moore and Kimbal Mackenzie making 3s on Bucknell's first three possessions for a 14-point lead. Lafayette got back in it with an 11-0 run as the Bison went five minutes without a score and trailed 48-45. Bucknell went on an 11-0 run as Lafayette went scoreless for almost seven minutes and were up 59-45 and led by double figures the rest of the way.
Nana Foulland added 10 points for Bucknell, which committed just seven turnovers.
Petrie led Lafayette (6-17, 4-8) with 19 points and Paulius Zalys scored 10.
Share
Braille, the tactile writing system used by people who are visually impaired, helps transform life for people who are unable to see. It allows them to read information in books and magazines and, thanks to technologies like refreshable braille displays, on computers. However, not everyone is able to learn braille. Originated in 1824, the language wasn't designed for ease of use, but rather around the technological capabilities of the tools of its day.
Entrepreneur Andrew Chepaitis discovered just how difficult braille can be when their grandmother lost their vision and was unable to pick up the new language. Working with their mother, a student of human factors design, Chepaitis went on to develop a new font which, they claim, is significantly easier to learn. Rather than taking months at a time to learn, Chepaitis' ELIA Frames font can reportedly be learned in just a few hours. According to Chepaitis, after 5 to 11 years of learning braille, readers have an average reading speed of 23 words per minute. With ELIA, a person can achieve 25 words per minute after just 60 hours of study.
“We customized the standard alphabet for tactile reading,” they told Digital Trends. “It is raised print, optimized for a specific use case. We set about applying best practices from the field of human factors design to the standard alphabet. But standard alphabet letters weren't made for tactile reading, so we pushed the basic elements of each letter to the edges of a given space by using a frame. We then added the core elements of the letters to the interior of the frame, and iteratively tested letter designs to identify what is easiest to feel.”
Chepaitis said that their ELIA Frames font could be used to help the roughly 8.4 million people in the U.S. and 284 million people worldwide who have a visual impairment. The ELIA Frames font can be added to a computer font library like Times New Roman, Helvetica or Arial. Going forward, the plan is to develop a commercial printer thath can print ELIA Frames documents.
To raise money, the team is currently hosting a Kickstarter campaign. While we offer all our usual warnings about the risks of crowdfunding campaigns, if you do want to get involved, a $25 pledge will (hopefully) secure you an ELIA Frames silicone overlay for your keyboard. Larger amounts will get you a learning starter kit or classroom kit. Shipping is set for September 2018.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light not our darkness, that most frightens us."—Nelson Mandela If you thought Nelson Mandela said this one in their 1994 inaugural address, you'd be in good company, but wrong. If you thought Nelson Mandela said this one in their 1994 inaugural address, you'd be in good company, but wrong. (These "dream big" quotes will inspire you to aim higher.) The quote is from Marianne Williamson's 1992 book A Return to Love.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com "Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." —Dr. Seuss It sounds like a line that would appear in a Dr. Seuss book, but alas, it doesn't. It's unclear who should be credited with the timeless advice, but It sounds like a line that would appear in a Dr. Seuss book, but alas, it doesn't. It's unclear who should be credited with the timeless advice, but Quote Investigator says the second half of the quip was in circulation by the 1930s. Did you know "Seuss" doesn't rhyme with "moose?" Here's how to say it correctly.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com "An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind." —Gandhi Gandhi might agree with the sentiment, but that's not the same as actually saying it. The first time this was said on the record was in 1915, when Canadian Parliamentarian George Perry Graham used it in an argument against capital punishment. These quotes will help you Gandhi might agree with the sentiment, but that's not the same as actually saying it. The first time this was said on the record was in 1915, when Canadian Parliamentarian George Perry Graham used it in an argument against capital punishment. These quotes will help you stop an argument in its tracks
Content continues below ad
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. —Maya Angelou After Maya Angelou's famous book I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, this one seems plausible--and it even appeared on a postal stamp in their memory. In fact, it's from a 1967 collection of poetry called A Cup of Sun. After Maya Angelou's famous book I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, this one seems plausible--and it even appeared on a postal stamp in their memory. In fact, it's from a 1967 collection of poetry called A Cup of Sun. These Maya Angelou quotes are as real as it gets
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Well-behaved women seldom make history. —Marilyn Monroe has tons of quotes misattributed to her, although this might be one of the most widespread. The statement originally appeared in an essay by Pulitzer Prize winner Laurel Thatcher Ulrich in 1976. These are the Marilyn Monroe has tons of quotes misattributed to her, although this might be one of the most widespread. The statement originally appeared in an essay by Pulitzer Prize winner Laurel Thatcher Ulrich in 1976. These are the books and quotes every woman should read
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Americans can always be counted on to do the right thing, after they tried everything else. —Winston Churchill It's possible no one's ever said this quote—but it definitely wasn't Churchill. One politician who came close was Israeli diplomat Abba Eban, who in 1967 said: "Men and nations behave wisely when they have exhausted all other resources." It's possible no one's ever said this quote—but it definitely wasn't Churchill. One politician who came close was Israeli diplomat Abba Eban, who in 1967 said: "Men and nations behave wisely when they have exhausted all other resources."
Content continues below ad
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. —Albert Einstein The true origin of this quote might be a pamphlet printed by Narcotics Anonymous in 1981, which said, "Insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results." The true origin of this quote might be a pamphlet printed by Narcotics Anonymous in 1981, which said, "Insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results."
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. —Abraham Lincoln This quote has also been attributed to Churchill, but the consensus is that neither they nor Lincoln actually said it. (Here are 12 other This quotes has also been attributed to Churchill, but the consensus is that neither they nor Lincoln actually said it. (Here are 12 other fake quotes from presidents. ) The first place it appears is in a 1953 book by David Guy Powers about public speaking.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. —Voltaire The confusion here is understandable—the quote actually came from Evelyn Beatrice Hall's book "The Friends of Voltaire" which was published in 1906 under the pseudonym S. G. Tallentyre. The confusion here is understandable—the quote actually came from Evelyn Beatrice Hall's book "The Friends of Voltaire" which was published in 1906 under the pseudonym S. G. Tallentyre.
Content continues below ad
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Give a girl the right shoes and they can conquer the world. —Marilyn Monroe It's most likely a misquote of a 1985 Bette Midler quote, "Give a girl the correct footwear and they can conquer the world." (Although the sourcing on that one is dubious as well.) It's most likely a misquote of a 1985 Bette Midler quote, "Give a girl the correct footwear and they can conquer the world." (Although the sourcing on that one is dubious as well.)
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com When I saw you I fell in love and you smiled because you knew. —Shakespeare We can practically hear Juliet saying this to Romeo from their balcony. Unfortunately, the quote isn't Shakespeare at all. It first appeared in the 1983 opera Falstaff. We can practically hear Juliet saying this to Romeo from their balcony. Unfortunately, the quote isn't Shakespeare at all. It first appeared in the 1983 opera Falstaff.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com Be the change you wish to see in the world. —Gandhi Anyone who's spent any time on the Internet has seen this quote attributed to Gandhi. But in fact, there's no record of them saying it. The true attribution might be their grandson Arun. Anyone who's spent any time on the Internet has seen this quote attributed to Gandhi. But in fact, there's no record of them saying it. The true attribution might be their grandson Arun.
Content continues below ad
Aldean is Lopez's favorite artist, "her guy." They and Gardner were there to celebrate Lopez's 30th birthday. Lopez recalled that their performance on the Vegas stage was everything they had imagined it would be. Shoulder to shoulder with concertgoers drinking beer and smoking cigarettes, Lopez said they looked over at their best friend, Lena, who was enjoying the music. Aldean was singing "Take a Little Ride," one of Lopez's favorite songs, a song they said now seems cold and eerie.
"Pop, pop, pop," Lopez said. "I looked behind me, and saw no fireworks. Aldean was still singing. It wasn't until the second round of bullets showered down on us that me and Ally realized these weren't fireworks. Before I could try and say anything at all, Ally was pulling me. We needed to run fast."
Gardner said the active shooter training they received in the Navy kicked into gear once the couple realized what was happening. As they pulled their wife through the chaos, they said Lopez fell, and they remember shouting: "We have babies! We have babies to come home to! Let's go!"
Lopez said the memory of their wife pulling them through the crowd will stay with them
"My wife and I served four years and seven and a half years in the United States Navy, and not once experienced something as traumatic as that evening ... I am thankful for the readiness and training we were taught that has been instilled in us." "My wife and I served four years and seven and a half years in the United States Navy, and not once experienced something as traumatic as that evening ... I am thankful for the readiness and training we were taught that has been instilled in us." Jacqulyn Lopez
"The smell of the air was alcohol, gun powder and BBQ. I remember it so vividly," they said. "Through one side of the bar area, there had to be four or five girls tucked away in the small spaces they could fit in. I remember thinking to myself, I can't jump over them, and I didn't want to run through them. As I took a half step to turn around, I look behind me and saw a girl face plant to the floor. They were shot."
Lopez said they and Gardner made it through swarms of police and crowds to an SUV. They said Gardner asked the driver: "Please, let us in. We have babies. A 6-month-old and a 2-month-old." They said they were allowed in, and a woman in the passenger seat put their hand on Lopez and said they had a 4-month-old back at their hotel room. Lopez said they regret not getting the woman's name.
Once they were finally safe, Lopez sent a text to their brunch group. "This concert is getting shot up — pray for our safety!" The message was "vague," Lopez acknowledged, but it was all they could get out at the time. They and Gardner made their way to a nearby Best Western, where they spent $96 on a hotel room just to gather their thoughts and text co-workers, family and loved ones.
Eventually, Lopez said their grandfather met up with them and took them back to Summerlin, Nevada, where they spent the rest of the morning.
"My wife and I served four years and seven and a half years in the United States Navy, and not once experienced something as traumatic as that evening," they said. "I am thankful for the readiness and training we were taught that has been instilled in us."
For Lopez and Gardner, who were able to come home to their children, the healing process must now begin. Slowly but surely.
"Our friends and family have been supportive, and we have also sought mental health services," Gardner said. "Talking about it with people and with each other and with all of our friends who also survived and went through this tragic incident has been helping us cope."
"For us, it was our baby boys leading the way, it was flashes of faces of the ones we love, and it was survival mode that kept us alive," Lopez said. "We are forever changed from the incident, and may never have the answers we are looking for. But for now, one day at a time works for us."
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Breaking: The Main Reason Why Senator Dino Melaye Was Arrested
The main reason why senator Dino Melaye of Kogi state was arrested. There was some mild drama yesterday as a controversial senator representing Kogi state at the National Assembly, Dino Melaye, was arrested as they attempted to leave the country.
There was also a raid of their house which they cried out against wondering what they did wrong.
According to the Police, the raid was necessary as Melaye was suspected of owning illegal firearms, some of which were purportedly kept in their house.
In report,the Police through Force Deputy Spokesman, Adeniran Aremu said;
“Our action was prompted by the fact that they were invited in a case of unlawful possession of firearms and other crimes.
“The police had invited them on more than two or three occasions but they failed to honour the invitations. That is why we are there right now.
“You know when a case is in court, there is no law that stops you from further questioning if you need to answer question on the suspects.
“There is no law that stops the police from further inviting them or asking question about the case.”
Dino Melaye has so far maintained their innocence stating that they are uninvolved in all the scandal that they have been linked with so far blaming it on their political enemies.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Flanked by more than two dozen Florida pastors, Tommy Green of the Florida Baptist Convention presented a gift of $3,136,500 to the Southern Baptist Convention during the Executive Committee report June 13 in Phoenix.
The CP gift, from the sale of the Florida convention's former building, was among numerous facets of the Executive Committee's report to messengers during the convention's 160th session since the SBC's founding in 1845.
Executive Committee recommendations adopted by messengers included appreciation for Jim Wells, the SBC's outgoing registration secretary who is battling cancer, and establishing a process for selling the SBC Building in Nashville in the event of a significant offer.
The Executive Committee also highlighted the report of the Women's Advisory Council appointed by EC president Frank S. Page in January 2016.
Florida CP gift
The Florida convention's gift to the Cooperative Program was 51 percent of $6.15 million received from the sale of the former Baptist Building in downtown Jacksonville, which was completed June 7.
The 51 percent allocation is in keeping with the convention's CP budget that sends 51 percent to the Cooperative Program and retains 49 percent for Florida Baptist ministries.
“This gift is over and above our regular CP giving and specific to the sale of this property,” Green, the Florida convention's executive director, said to the applause of messengers.
Green noted that the pastors on the platform “represent our Florida Baptist family, among many who are seated in the convention center. Florida Baptists enthusiastically in 2015 made a strategic decision concerning the division of Cooperative Program dollars given in our state.”
Prior to 2015, Florida had retained 59 percent of CP gifts in the state. The 2015 decision “led to a paradigm shift which changed our CP formula to releasing 51 percent to the SBC CP and retaining 49 percent of CP dollars in Florida.”
Green was named as Florida's state exec in 2015 and immediately began the process of shifting more funds to the SBC.
“This decision of sending more than we keep of CP dollars from our churches has resulted in a reversal of a decade-long decline in CP dollars in Florida,” Green told messengers.
“We are now trending upward and rejoice in a $3 million increase from Florida Baptist churches to the SBC CP this past year,” they said. “Florida Baptist ministries continue at a high level, and we are grateful to report a 4.5 percent increase in baptisms through Florida Baptist churches this past year.
“Our prayer is that God will multiply these dollars in taking the Good News of Jesus Christ to the ends of the earth.”
Acknowledging the gift, Page said the funds will “go straight into the mission field” and expressed appreciation to Florida Baptists on “behalf of all Southern Baptists and the sake of the Gospel.”
The money retained in Florida provided $2.3 million for the purchase of a 28,568-square-foot convention building in south Jacksonville; $700,000 to endow the John Sullivan Chair of Baptist History at the Baptist College of Florida; and $13,500 for ministry in the state.
Jim Wells recognition
Wells, who was unable to attend the convention, was honored by messengers with a resolution of appreciation for their 15 years of service.
“He had hoped against hope to be here to conclude their service in Phoenix,” Page told messengers, noting that the 2003 SBC annual meeting in Phoenix marked Wells' first year in the position.
Page read one of the resolution's clauses to messengers: that Wells “has fought a long and courageous battle with cancer … that though the doctor has said they had only a few days left on this earth, they were ‘confident in these final hours that God is in control,' that they are ‘looking forward to a day when we will worship at the feet of Jesus together' and that they intend to devote their time remaining to ‘praying for the lost.'”
Wells most recently had been the Missouri Baptist Convention's strategic partners catalyst after serving as director of missions for the Tri-County Baptist Association and pastor of nine churches in nearly 50 years of ministry.
Page, in a prayer, said, “… we plead Your mercy upon our brother in Christ and their dear wife Judy. Thank You for their service over these years. We pray in Jesus' name that as the master physician You would visit them powerfully and closely. We love them and Judy. We lift them to your throne today.”
Building sale process
Messengers approved a process for the sale of the SBC Building in Nashville in the event of a favorable offer being received. Acting on a recommendation by the Executive Committee, messengers authorized it “to continue studying the advisability of a sale of the SBC Building, and to sell the property upon such terms and conditions, and at such a time, if any, as the Executive Committee may hereafter approve.”
Should a sale occur, various costs such as the current feasibility study would be deducted from the proceeds, which would then be distributed according to agreed-upon percentages based on those in place when the building opened in the mid-1980s:
— The EC would have a 56 percent share, including the original interests of the former Education Commission and Stewardship Commission which were closed as part of the 1990s Covenant for a New Century SBC reorganization.
— The Council of Seminary Presidents would have a 26 percent share, encompassing the original interests of the former Historical Commission, which also was closed in the SBC reorganization, and Seminary Extension. The Southern Baptist Historical Library and Archives is now operated by the seminary presidents council.
— The ERLC would have a 14 percent share, reflecting the original interest of the former Christian Life Commission.
— The Southern Baptist Foundation would have a 4 percent share.
Women's Advisory Council
Page recognized the work of the Women's Advisory Council, which they appointed two years ago to address their conviction that women were under-involved in SBC processes. Women, Page said, make up 52-53 percent of the entire Southern Baptist population.
“God gifts women according to Their biblical roles, but those gifts that They have given them must be utilized in Their Kingdom,” Page said. “We know women can minister so beautifully to each other, and we wanted to find a way to find out what were the best practices and just encourage women in their involvement of ministry to each other and in the Kingdom of God.”
The Women's Advisory Council, chaired by Rhonda Kelley of New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, presented its report to Page June 12 at the Many Faces of the SBC booth in the exhibit hall. Page said the report, which includes the council's findings, suggestions and action steps, would be posted online at sbc.net for all Southern Baptists to read and “to hold us accountable for the implementation of these suggestions.”
Page noted that the Women's Advisory Council is one of several councils they began appointing on their second day in their role as EC president, each one representing a subset of people in the convention who may not have been “as involved and connected as we would wish.”
These groups “have been precious persons with whom to work,” Page said, adding that they had met with Native American, African American, Asian American, Hispanic and Latino leaders since they have been in Phoenix for the annual meeting.
Cooperative Program allocation
Messengers also approved a 2017-2018 Cooperative Program Allocation Budget of $192,000,000.
The budget maintains current allocations to the convention's ministries, including 50.41 percent of receipts to the International Mission Board and 22.79 percent to the North American Mission Board, for a total of 73.20 percent allocated for world missions ministries.
The convention's six seminaries will receive 22.16 percent. The seminary enrollment formula for funding will be: Gateway Seminary, 2.11 percent; Midwestern Seminary, 2.93 percent; New Orleans Seminary, 3.72 percent; Southeastern Seminary, 4.03 percent; Southern Seminary, 5.17 percent; Southwestern Seminary, 3.96 percent; and .24 percent to the Southern Baptist Historical Library and Archives, a ministry overseen by the seminary presidents. (Cumulative numbers may not match the sum of individual seminary percentages due to rounding.)
The budget designates 1.65 percent to the ERLC. The SBC Operating Budget, the only CP-funded facilitating ministry, encompassing SBC annual meeting costs and the work of the Executive Committee, will receive 2.99 percent of the budget.
Additionally, messengers amended the formula for distributing any overage of gifts above the CP Allocation Budget to increase the IMB's portion from 51 percent to 53.4 percent and decrease the SBC Operating Budget portion from 2.4 percent to 0 percent.
An SBC Operating Budget of $7,450,000 for the 2017-2018 fiscal year also was approved by messengers.
Executive Committee recommendations
Messengers approved several additional recommendations from the Executive Committee, including:
— providing representation to four states or territories on the Executive Committee.
The four areas were granted EC representation although they do not have the number of church members stipulated by SBC Bylaw 30.
The recommendation amended Bylaw 18 to list the Dakotas, Iowa, Minnesota-Wisconsin and Montana as each being entitled to a single representative on the Executive Committee. All other states and defined territories have EC representation.
— selection of three cities for upcoming SBC annual meetings — Salt Lake City in 2025, which was the site of the SBC's 1998 meeting; Orlando, Fla., site of the 1994 and 2000 annual meetings; and Indianapolis, site of the 1992, 2004 and 2008 annual meetings.
— streamlining the SBC Business and Financial Plan's Section XIX, now titled “Publishing and Merchandising Policy,” to read in part: “All entities of the Convention should give priority to using the services of LifeWay Christian Resources for editing, publishing, and distributing published materials that are to be sold. Entities may publish their own materials in print or digital form promoting their assigned ministries.”
— authorizing the International Mission Board to move to an Oct. 1-Sept. 30 fiscal year, responding to an IMB trustee request that would enable the mission board “to conduct their finances more efficiently and more effectively evaluate and project the Lottie Moon Christmas Offering.” The Executive Committee, LifeWay Christian Resources and North American Mission Board utilizes an Oct. 1-Sept. 30 fiscal year, while GuideStone Financial Resources utilizes the calendar year and the six SBC seminaries utilize an Aug. 1-July 31 fiscal year.
— adopted a 2021-2022 SBC Calendar of Activities along with several amendments to the calendars from 2017-2018 through 2020-2021.
When all of the recommendations had been presented, a messenger asked the Executive Committee to consider providing “some form of explanation on each of them … so that the messengers would be better informed on making the decisions to approve or disapprove.”
SBC president Steve Gaines responded, “We will receive that as a recommendation to the Executive Committee, as a request.”
EC president Frank Page also addressed the messenger's request, saying to the convention, “As you've dealt with these issues, please remember that we hold your trust tightly and we cherish it. This is a deliberative body, the largest openly deliberative body that still exists. But know that the Executive Committee also deliberates carefully at multiple levels dealing with each of the issues before they're ever presented to you, from small groups to medium size [groups] to the large plenary sessions. Our Executive Committee members are not rubber-stampers. They ask questions, they deliberate, they discuss and sometimes disagree. So know that we hold your trust carefully and we count it to be precious.”
— Barbara Denman is director of communications for the Florida Baptist Convention; Art Toalston is senior editor of Baptist Press; Erin Roach is a writer based in Nashville.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. — Former Yale basketball captain Jack Montague, who was expelled from the Ivy League school in 2016 for sexual misconduct, has enrolled at Belmont University in Tennessee.
Montague, who is still suing to be readmitted to Yale, complained in a court deposition last spring that they were unable to apply to other schools. They said Yale would not release their transcript until they paid a disputed tuition bill.
Karen Schwartzman, a spokesperson for Montague, says Yale later released the transcript, allowing Montague to enrol at Belmont this fall. They say not all of their credits transferred and they will need two semesters to graduate.
They exhausted their basketball eligibility at Yale.
Montague denies the sexual misconduct allegations. No criminal charges were ever sought.
Yale's attorneys have said the school and its officials acted appropriately.
The lawsuit, which also seeks monetary damages, is expected to go to trial next year.
——
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Garda appeal against UU Sigerson defeat 15 February 2017
Down's Niall Madine in action with Leitrim's Barry Prior.
©INPHO/Presseye/Matt Mackey. Down's Niall Madine in action with Leitrim's Barry Prior.©INPHO/Presseye/Matt Mackey.
by Jackie Cahill
The Sigerson Cup has been rocked by an eligibility row on the eve of finals weekends – with Garda College appealing against their defeat to Ulster University in round 2 of the competition.
It has emerged that while Down's Niall Madine was given the green light at the eleventh hour to line out against Garda College, they were later deemed ineligible, and should not have played.
To rub salt into Garda wounds, Madine was one of the leading players for the Jordanstown-based outfit on the day, kicking four points as they went through after extra-time.
Monaghan's Kieran Hughes, while listed in the Ulster University squad, was withdrawn from the fixture after learning that they were ineligible but the presence of Madine in the UU line-up has led to Garda seeking reinstatement in the competition.
Red tape means they are unlikely to succeed, however, even though they boast a strong case.
Garda learned on February 10 that Madine was ineligible under a rule relating to the duration of no more than two recognised courses of study.
But the Garda game was played on January 31 and under Higher Education GAA rules, that falls outside the three-day window open for any appeal.
Garda have indicated that they only received notification of Madine's situation on February 10 – and are arguing that should be the date they were allowed to appeal from.
Adding to Garda's sense of grievance is the fact that had they submitted paperwork within that official three-day window, the likelihood is that the UU result would have been deemed null and void, with Garda progressing to a quarter-final against holders UCD.
In correspondence with Higher Education GAA officials, Garda believes that “vital information” was kept from them, which had a “huge bearing on the result.”
Garda have requested a formal investigation into the matter and a committee meeting is scheduled for Friday evening – after both semi-finals at the Connacht GAA Centre have been completed.
Privately, Garda are not confident of winning their case but requested, as an “interim remedy”, that the Sigerson competition be suspended pending the outcome of the appeal.
Higher Education GAA chiefs are insistent that the semi-finals will go ahead as scheduled – but Garda's appeal against the Ulster University result casts another shadow over a competition that has been beset by eligibility issues in recent years.
It is understood that when panels were declared, a number of Ulster University players were queried, with decisions on as many as six deferred until January 30, the night before the Garda fixture.
Four players were deemed eligible but Madine and Hughes were not.
Ulster University still managed to get clearance for Madine to line out but it later transpired that they were not eligible to play.
UU lost to UCD in the quarter-finals, and the champions will play University of Limerick on Friday at 4pm, following the St Mary's/UCC fixture at 2pm.
Despite protests across the country over the weekend demanding the release of President Donald Trump's tax returns, the White House is still citing an ongoing audit to explain why the documents can't be made public.
"It's the same thing that was discussed during the campaign: The president is under audit," White House Press Secretary Spicer said Monday when asked if Trump would release their 2016 returns. The IRS deadline for Americans to file is Tuesday.
Spicer didn't comment on whether Trump would authorize the IRS to confirm that he's under audit, and what years that audit pertains to.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House on 2016 Tax Returns: Trump Still Under Audit 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As far as Trump's 2016 returns, they will be audited. Presidents and vice presidents are automatically audited, according to an IRS rule.
The IRS said last year that an audit does not prevent individuals from releasing their returns.
Trump broke with decades of precedent when they declined to release their returns as a candidate for the Oval Office. Then, their campaign cited ongoing audits of their taxes from 2009 to 2015 and they even quietly released a letter last March from Trump's lawyers to bolstering the audit claim.
"We'll have to get back to you on that," Spicer told a reporter Monday who asked if the time had come to say that Trump would never release their returns.
The lingering tax return questions are just one of the transparency conflicts facing the administration.
On Friday, the White House said it would not release visitor logs — a departure from the Obama administration's policy of releasing over 6 million names. Spicer attacked the prior administration for "faux" transparency, noting that the White House redacted some names as it saw fit before the documents were made public.
The Trump White House also had privacy concerns, Spicer said Monday, a key reason for the discontinuation of the voluntary visitor log release.
Spicer said the administration has been "fairly transparent" with press and public regarding the president's business meetings and schedule. However, White House aides have not provided reporters with names of President Trump's golf partners — a game they plays often and often conducts business during.
For those of you who've just been dying to get a selfie with Pikachu, I have good news. For a short time, Snapchat has a Pikachu Lens available that gives your face that coveted Pikachu makeover -- its iconic ears and button nose, really big eyes and bright, rosy cheeks. When you open your mouth, Pikachu shows up on screen with you while making very Pikachu noises, and then your face explodes with lightning.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
If you like shooting stars, you're in luck. The annual Lyrid meteor shower got going this year on Monday, April 16 and is expected to peak in the early morning on Sunday, April 22.
Your best bet for seeing the action will come after the moon sets at around midnight local time. Find an area far from sources of light and buildings or other possible obstructions, lie face-up on a blanket or lawn chair with your feet facing east, and simply look up.
"Take in as much sky as you can," Bill Cooke, a meteor expert at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, told NBC News MACH in an email.
A graphic from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory showing where in the sky the Lyrid meteor shower can be seen. NASA/JPLnull
Like all meteor showers, the Lyrids are caused by fast-moving bits of space debris that create bright streaks when they collide with Earth's atmosphere and burn up. In this case, the debris comes from a comet known as C/1861 G1 Thatcher (Comet Thatcher for short) as it orbits the sun.
The Lyrids aren't as spectacular as the Perseids, which return each August. But with the first recorded sighting of the Lyrids going all the way back to 687 B.C., they're the oldest known meteor shower.
Skywatchers should expect an average display this time, Cooke said. Though the Lyrids have been known to produce up to 90 meteors per hour, this year most people should expect to see about 10 per hour.
"Still," they said, "ya never know..."
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Casey DeSmith, left, stands in the crease as New Jersey Devils celebrate a goal by Travis Zajac 19) during the second period of an NHL hockey game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Newark, N.J.
Falcons want more red zone touches for Julio Jones
Atlanta Falcons All-Pro wide receiver Julio Jones pulled down a modest six receiving TDs in 2016, and now the focus for them is on improving that total.
Kelsey Conway of the team's website reported Monday that Atlanta seems to be emphasizing more red zone touches for Jones in training camp with head coach Dan Quinn saying that the four-time Pro Bowler is “a real factor” there.
Jones, 28, was targeted in the red zone only nine times last year, which ranked sixth on just the Falcons alone, per Pro Football Reference. For comparison, Jordy Nelson led the NFL with 29 targets and other top wideouts like Odell Beckham Jr, Brandon Marshall, and Larry Fitzgerald all received 20 or more.
Of course, Jones makes a living out in the open field and holds an active streak of three consecutive seasons with 1,400-plus yards receiving. But the Falcons are in a period of self-evaluation following their devastating collapse in Super Bowl LI last February, and Jones' role may be included in that.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
OTTAWA — The Liberals' new environmental assessment legislation is intended to restore public trust in federal decision-making, but both industry and environmental groups are concerned that it leaves too much power in the hands of politicians.
The new bill gives the federal environment minister much of the same discretionary power as the existing Harper-era legislation, including the right to decide whether an assessment is required, to extend deadlines and to make decisions without fixed criteria.
“The impact assessment does not address the pipeline sector's most fundamental concern: a process that is expensive, lengthy, polarizing, and ends with a discretionary political decision,” Canadian Energy Pipeline Association president Chris Bloomer recently told the House of Commons environment committee, which is reviewing the new legislation.
Bill C-69 would replace sweeping environmental assessment reforms passed by the former Conservative government in 2012. It aims to broaden the scope of environmental assessments to include social and economic impacts and effects on Indigenous groups, while shortening the legislated timelines for assessments. It would create a new Impact Assessment Agency of Canada, to replace the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency, which would lead all major assessments.
But it also gives the environment minister considerable power to direct the process, including by ordering environmental assessments of projects that aren't on the defined list of activities that generally require review. The same power exists in the current legislation but has rarely been used, and it worries some industry groups.
There's discretion all the way along, which just creates uncertainty. Stephen Hazell, director of conservation with Nature Canada
Eduard Wojczynski, president of the Canadian Hydropower Association, said the new bill should set out criteria for when the minister can order such an assessment. “As currently drafted… there's no explanation of the procedure or considerations that would help form that opinion,” they told the committee last month. “This is inconsistent with the goal of greater process transparency.”
Environmental groups point out that the government has yet to publish its project list, meaning it's still unclear which activities will be subject to assessment. Even those projects on the list won't necessarily be assessed, said Stephen Hazell, director of conservation with Nature Canada, because the government can decide they don't require review after a new early planning phase the Liberals have introduced.
“Even if they are on the project list, it doesn't mean they're going to be assessed,” Hazell told the committee last week. “There's discretion all the way along, which just creates uncertainty.”
In a recent blog post, Anna Johnston, a staff lawyer with West Coast Environmental Law, cautioned that the early planning phase could turn into a “screening, in which proponents will focus their energy on proving that an assessment isn't necessary.”
Some industry groups are also concerned by the ability of the government to repeatedly extend time limits during an assessment, which they say undermines the legislated timelines set out in the act.
The bill's “limitless extensions and suspensions” dilute the government's goal of improving predictability, Terry Toner, a representative of the Canadian Electricity Association, told the committee last month. “Time is of critical value, and it can make the difference between a project built and a project abandoned.”
For environmental groups, the minister's discretion over final decisions remains a major source of concern. Bill C-69 outlines a number of factors that the minister must consider before approving a project, including sustainability and impacts on Indigenous groups and on Canada's ability to meet its climate-change commitments. That's an improvement over the existing system, where the government's reasons for project approvals are often “mysterious,” according to Jamie Kneen, spokesperson for MiningWatch Canada.
“You'd have a project with clearly significant environmental impacts and the minister could say, with no explanation, that it was justified under the circumstances,” they said in an interview. “And nobody would know what the circumstances were.”
But they and other critics charge that the new legislation only requires the minister to consider those factors — not to base decisions on them.
“After all of the evidence and public participation that goes into an assessment, there's no guarantee that it will do anything to influence the final decision,” Joshua Ginsberg, a lawyer with Ecojustice Canada, told the committee last week. “These bottom lines should not be reduced to optional considerations, which is currently the case with the proposed legislation.”
Environmental groups aren't alone in voicing concern about political decisions. Colleen Collins, vice-president of the Canada West Foundation, a public policy think tank, recently told the committee that project proponents can be discouraged by “politically motivated decisions” that come at the end of an extended regulatory process.
They argued that a decision about whether or not a project is in the public interest should be made at the end of the early planning phase, not after the assessment. “Those decisions need to be made up-front, before the long and costly regulatory process begins,” they said. “There needs to be certainty during the long process of seeking regulatory approval.”
Last year, an expert panel established to review Canada's environmental assessment laws recommended that a quasi-judicial tribunal, similar to the CRTC, should be formed to conduct impact assessments, with the government having a limited ability to overturn its decisions. That recommendation didn't make it into the new legislation. Instead, with respect to decisions, the old and new laws are “pretty much the same thing,” Kneen said.
• Email: mforrest@postmedia.com | Twitter: MauraForrest
Ronaldo has ‘clear conscience' amid tax evasion accusations
Cristiano Ronaldo insisted Wednesday they had a “clear conscience” after Spanish prosecutors accused Real Madrid's star forward of evading 14.7 million euros in tax through offshore companies.
“Conscience clear, always,” Ronaldo told reporters at Lisbon airport as they and their Portuguese teammates prepared to fly out to the Confederations Cup in Russia.
Real Madrid earlier gave their backing to Ronaldo, releasing a statement saying the club had “full confidence in our player Cristiano Ronaldo, who we understand has acted in accordance with the legality regarding the fulfilment of their fiscal obligations”.
“Since their arrival at Real Madrid C.F. in July 2009, Cristiano Ronaldo has always shown a clear will to fulfil all their tax obligations.
“Real Madrid C.F. are absolutely convinced that our player, Cristiano Ronaldo, will prove their total innocence in this process. Real Madrid C.F. hope that justice is done as quickly as possible so that their innocence can be proven as soon as possible.”
The 32-year-old Ronaldo — the world's highest paid athlete according to Forbes magazine — follows in the footsteps of Barcelona forward and Argentina star Lionel Messi, who was found guilty of the same offence last year, although the sums involved were allegedly smaller.
If they too are put on trial and found guilty, they risk “a fine of at least 28 million” euros ($31.3 million) and could potentially be jailed for three-and-a-half years, according to the Gestha union of experts at Spain's Inland Revenue.
Ronaldo is accused of “four crimes against the public treasury between 2011-14… which involves tax fraud of 14,768,897 euros”, Madrid's public prosecutor's office said on Tuesday.
“The accused took advantage of a company structure created in 2010 to hide income generated in Spain from their image rights from tax authorities, which is a ‘voluntary' and ‘conscious' breach of their fiscal obligations in Spain,” it said.
Prosecutors accuse the Portugal international of evading tax via a shell company based in the British Virgin Islands and another in Ireland, known for its low corporate tax rate.
In addition, they say they only declared 11.5 million euros of Spanish-related income from 2011 to 2014, while what they really earned during that time was close to 43 million euros.
And finally, they accuse them of “voluntarily” refusing to include 28.4 million euros in income linked to the sale of their image rights for the 2015 to 2020 period to a Spanish company.
The post Ronaldo has ‘clear conscience' amid tax evasion accusations appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AMHERST, Mass. — Luwane Pipkins drilled a controversial 3-pointer in the final minute of the second overtime period and Unique McLean added a late jumper as Massachusetts held off Dayton in an Atlantic 10 battle, 86-82 on Saturday afternoon, snapping a five-game losing streak.
Pipkins came up with a loose ball after a scramble and launched their shot as the shot clock expired. Officials counted the trey, but photos show the ball on Pipkins' fingers as the shot clock hit zero.
Josh Cunningham scored at the basket twice to get the Flyers even at 81-81 with 1:29 to play, but Pipkins hit from deep with :55 left. Cunningham hit the second of two free throws seconds later to get Dayton within two, but McLean made it a two-possession lead with :12 left.
Pipkins hit 6 of 13 from distance and finished with 28 points for UMass (11-13, 4-7). C.J. Anderson added 17 points and Carl Pierre and Malik Hines contributed 15 and 14 points, respectively while McLean pulled down 11 rebounds.
Cunningham dunked with 1:32 left in regulation to tie the game at 69-69 and forced the game to overtime. Their two free throws with :24 left tied it at 77-77 and forced the second overtime. They finished with 27 points and 11 rebounds. Trey Landers added 22 points and nine rebounds while Jalen Crutcher and Darrell Davis both added 15 points for Dayton (10-12, 4-6).
A major construction project will start in downtown Sylvania on Monday, June 4 and will last the entire summer.
Business owners on Main Street are aware of the construction.
Dani Fuller, who owns The Fuller Art House on Main Street, is hoping it doesn't slow down traffic through their gallery.
"Anytime you have a whole summer planned with events, you have to worry about the construction that's going on," Fuller said, "I think we're lucky enough, it might not hurt us too much. A lot of our events are walking events, ride-your-bike downtown events."
The project on Main Street between Monroe Street and the bridge over Ten Mile Creek is broken up into four stages.
The first starts Monday, and means northbound lanes through that stretch will be closed for about 40 days.
The detour is Harroun Road.
This is the work being done:
• Full-Depth Pavement Reconstruction
• Commercial Driveway Apron Replacements
• Sidewalk Widening
• ADA Ramp Replacements + 2 New Ramps at River Trail
• Storm Sewer Replacement
• Pavement Marking & Signage Upgrade
• Vehicular Signal Head Replacement
• Full Pedestrian Signal Upgrade
• Decorative Light Pole Replacement
• Decorative Crosswalks (Same as Mid-Block between Maplewood and Monroe)
• Bridge Deck Irrigation
"It was installed in 1926 so, as you can tell, the pavement and the sidewalks, basically everything in this stretch needs a refresh," said Deputy Director of Sylvania's Department of Public Service, Joseph Shaw.
A lot needed to be coordinated for the project between the end of the school year and start of the LGPA Marathon Classic in July.
"Right before the tournament, we'll open it back up to two way traffic and that will make things a little more normal down here for the event," Shaw said.
The most inconvenient part of the project will come in phase three, when the intersection at Main and Monroe will close for about 12 days.
The city and business owners are asking for your patience through August.
Construction starts on June 4, 2018 and is a 75-day contract.
Construction Schedule:
Stage 1 (June 1-July 10, 40 Days)
One-Way Traffic Pattern (Southbound Main)
Northbound Main Street Closed (Detour Posted)
Stage 2 (July 11-July 31, 20 Days)
Two-Way Traffic Pattern
LPGA Marathon Classic (July 9-15 or July 16-22)
Stage 3 (August 1-August 8, 8 Days)
Total Intersection Closure (Local Detour Posted)
Stage 4 (August 9-August 15, 7 Days)
Surface Course Paving and Restoration
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
James Teford Norris, 88, passed away on Saturday, June 30, 2018 in Madison. James was born Nov. 2, 1929, in Madison, to Luther George Norris and Bessie McGill Norris.
Teford honorably served our country in the United States Army during the Korean War. Norris was of the Baptist faith and was a member of St. Johns Baptist Church of Greenville. James worked as a jet mechanic for 30 years with Pan American Airlines.
They were born and raised in Greenville and Madison prior to joining the Army. After discharge, they went to Tallahassee Aircraft Mechanic School before moving to Miami to work for Pan American Airlines.
Teford was preceded in death by their father, Luther George Norris; their mother, Bessie McGill Norris; one sister, Erma Jean Hisler; and two brothers: George Luther Jr. and Charles Edmond Norris.
Teford is survived by their wife, Thelma Louise Butler Norris; one son, James Gregory Norris; one daughter, Robyn Norris Micheau and their husband, Duane; one grandson, Shane Paul Oneto and wife, Dena; one great-granddaughter, Chloe Alyssa-Love Oneto; a brother-in-law, Eugene Thigpen and wife, Vivian; three sisters-in-law: Margie Norris, Lorene Thigpen and Betty Thigpen; and numerous nephews and nieces.
Funeral services will be held on Thursday, July 5, at 11 a.m. at Evergreen Cemetery, in Greenville, with Bryant Thigpen officiating and music by their nephew, Brian Norris. The family will receive friends from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, July 5, at Burns Funeral Home of Madison. Interment services will follow immediately afterwards in Evergreen Cemetery. All arrangements are under the direction of Burns Funeral Home of Madison.
Friends may sign the online guest book at www.joepburnsfuneralhomes.com.
Share
The God of War games have always been a great fit between form and content. Mythical Greece was violent, marked by murderous rage, monsters, and revenge. Kratos, the Spartan warrior and unwitting son of Zeus, was a perfect distillation of this brutality — Achilles, Theseus, and Orestes, all in one.
Through six games, Kratos slayed their way through the entire Greek pantheon and bestiary. Now, for their return, he's sought snowier pastures up north in the land of Odin and Thor. It's an obvious move on many levels, since the Norse canon (or what little we have of it) is even more focused than the Greek on tales of burly men slaying giants. The results surpassed our expectations, however.
God of War (2018) uses Norse mythology masterfully, and not just for how directly it translates the subject and spirit of the Norse canon. The interpretive liberties that lead designer Corey Barlog and their team took with the source material embody a truer engagement with the mode of mythic storytelling than if they had simply executed a more ostensibly faithful version of the stories.
Spoiler warning: Our analysis includes a few key plot points of God of War, including some mid-game plot points and the identities of several key characters. Proceed at your own risk!
Slayers gonna slay
Compared to the body of Greek myth, very few Norse tales have survived. Most of what we know comes to us through the epic Prose and Poetic Eddas, and an inordinate amount of the stories contained therein revolve around Thor, the god of thunder, slaying giants. Right off the bat, Kratos is a good protagonist to fill those shoes. Although Thor is typically depicted as being more good natured (especially in their jocular, Marvel iteration) than the foul-tempered Kratos, both default to murder as their go-to solution for problems.
Kratos' new weapon, the Leviathan Axe, underlines the comparison; like Thor's famous hammer, Mjölnir, the Leviathan Axe returns to Kratos' hands from any distance when called after they throw it. The similarity isn't a coincidence: The dwarves Brokk and Sindri forged both.
One fact about the world in God of War becomes apparent the longer you play: There are almost no people in this world. Early on, you encounter a few cannibals that try to make a meal out of Kratos and Atreus, and you speak with errant ghosts throughout, but most people you encounter are undead Draugr, and any corporeal characters you speak with are dwarves or gods.
On one level, this makes sense in a world based on Norse mythology, as humans are actually largely absent from those stories. Where Greek myths often revolve around encounters between people and supernatural forces, humans are almost entirely incidental to the concerns of the Norse gods, who instead tangle with giants and one another while their human creations just deal with the fallout indirectly. As a god slaying monsters and fellow gods, Kratos fits right in.
As a god slaying monsters and fellow gods, Kratos fits right in with other Norse mythology.
The game does not directly make its case in these terms, but provides a specific explanation for humanity's absence. At a certain point, Kratos and Atreus discover that something caused Helheim, the realm of the dead, to stop accepting newly deceased spirits, causing the souls of the dead to rise up as undead warriors called Draugr, which, in turn, kill more people. It's more or less a Norse zombie apocalypse.
More than a convenient excuse to give Kratos a world full of enemies they can kill without hesitation, the story reflects the eschatological idea of Ragnarok, the Norse pantheon's inevitable, world-ending battle.
What's key here is that Ragnarok is not the result of external, cosmic forces, but rather it's the gods' comeuppance for an eternity of cruelty to giants and monsters. For instance, the gods tricked and locked up the wolf Fenrir out of fear that they will overpower the gods and destroy the world, but ultimately, Fenrir wants to do that precisely because the gods betrayed them like so. Odin's prophecies are often suspiciously self-fulfilling like that.
#NotMyGods
If God of War is starting to sound critical of the gods, that's because it absolutely is. As a general rule, pagan pantheons were often as much feared as they were revered. God as a benevolent force who's primarily looking out for people is largely a Christian conception, whereas for ancient people the gods were usually the personifications of a cruel and uncaring universe, utterly capricious in how they treated mere mortals.
God of War goes even further with an explicitly hostile stance toward Odin and the Aesir gods that they lead. When the wise god Mimir eventually joins Kratos and Atreus on their travels, they regale you during downtime with myths of the gods, which are mostly a chance to neg on Odin.
“Ruthless? Barbaric? Heartless? That's Odin,” they scoff, calling the All-father “a small, covetous tyrant,” that stole everything they ever had, starting with the very world that they made by murdering the giant Ymir. One of the main ways that players learn about the world is through Jötnar (giant) shrines throughout.
“Ruthless? Barbaric? Heartless? That's Odin!”
-Mimir to Kratos
These comic-style story boards relay myths as told by the giants (whom Mimir is quick to point out are more like people than monsters), the constant refrain is that someone tries to resist the gods, and then Thor comes and kills them. Mjölnir is rightly feared as a weapon of mass destruction, keeping the nine realms under strict Aesir rule.
Painting Odin as a selfish and manipulative conqueror whose reputation as the benevolent All-father is just good marketing really isn't that much of a stretch. Scholars suspect that the Aesir-Vanir war, a pivotal event in the Norse canon referenced in God of War, might reflect a historic conquest whose victors wrote their own mythic history, and thus digging into the implicitly brutal colonialism of the Aesir is an interesting and merited approach. It's also not an uncommon one: Thor: Ragnarok makes the same point when Hela exposes how Odin came to rule the nine realms through blood and iron.
Baldur's Bubble
Perhaps God of War's most interesting mythic interpretation is how it handles Baldur, the universally beloved Aesir son of Odin and Freya.
According to tradition, Baldur started having dreams of their own death, so their mother went out and extracted a promise from nearly everything in the world that no harm would come to their son. So protected, Baldur would stand before their fellow gods and laugh as they hurled all manner of weapons at him, which would harmlessly bounce off.
Freya had missed one promise however: They thought mistletoe was too small and harmless to bother. On learning this the trickster god, Loki (always looking to cause trouble) crafted a mistletoe spear and gave it to the blind god Hodr and tricked them into killing Baldur.
God of War's Baldur shows up very early in the game, initially identified as The Stranger. (Astute players, however, might figure out who they are as they immediately insists repeatedly insistence during the fight that they can't feel anything). In this version, Freya's bargain to protect them from all harm also protected them from all sensation whatsoever. Safe, but numb, Baldur goes mad from the isolation, and comes to loathe Freya for denying them a real life. That's a pretty bold interpretation of the conventional story of Baldur, but retains all the core elements of the myth.
Meanwhile, it also ties into the primary theme of God of War — the ways parents and children shape each other. Baldur's state raises questions about how a parent's desire to protect their children can actually harm them, or how being so universally beloved and beautiful can actually be cripplingly insulating.
Mythos
Baldur is the best example of how God of War engages not just with the content, but also the form of myth. Contemporary media is hugely preoccupied with originality. Even as we end up telling the same stories again and again, it's crucial that we clearly delineate them as sequels or reboots. Fandoms are often at each other's throats about which version of a story or character is the most correct, and what constitutes canon.
The thing about the concept of “myth” that can trip up modern audiences is that there is no one, correct version of it, and no one owns it. The defining quality of being a myth is that it is shared, and comes alive through its myriad variants. New versions of a story that change some details or offer a new perspective aren't in conflict with the canonical truth, but rather they are what keep myths alive and so powerful. The Italian writer Roberto Calasso probably put it best in The Marriage of Cadmus and Harmony, a modern retelling of the Greek mythic cycle:
“There is no such thing as the isolated mythical event, just as there is no such thing as the isolated word. Myth, like language, gives all of itself in each of its fragments. When a myth brings into play repetition and variants, the skeleton of the system emerges for a while, the latent order, covered in seaweed.”
God of War is an exemplary engagement with myth precisely because of the liberties it takes with its depictions of the gods. These stories are meant to be alive and relevant to our lives, and Barlog et al have done a fantastic job of exploring questions of parenting and breaking the cycle of intergenerational violence by digging into and not being too precious about the Norse canon (and the Greek — Atreus' name is almost certainly an allusion to one of the most notoriously tragic families in ancient Greece).
Kratos themselves is a sort of modern myth. Now that gods in popular have come to often represent the dangers of unchecked power, Kratos is truly a god for the people who recognize that the only way forward is to eliminate gods entirely. The iterative approach of this reboot feels especially mythic: This is the same Kratos we've seen before, but different. The essence is still there, but reconfigured to find new shades and new relevance to our lives today.
There's a valuable lesson here for all pop culture. The widely-mocked uptick in sequels, reboots, and revivals means that people are expressing a clear desire to tell certain stories again and again, but we're stymied by litigious IP holders or over-protective fans clinging to the notion of originality as a virtue. Myth teaches us to let go, that the most important stories don't come from single authors, but rather from the emergent voice of countless people thinking and feeling together over generations.
We might have written Kratos off as a fleeting creature of their angsty, early-aughts moment, but if they can look back to move forward with such clarity, maybe there's hope for the rest of us.
GEOG 3301 now has a different prefix to better describe its importance as part of the GIST minor.
2:43
They rap their way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title
1:21
Columbus bus driver talks about their termination from Metra over horn issue
2:26
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Rep. Tom Garrett, R-Va., said Sunday they regretted a March meeting with Jason Kessler, organizer of the white nationalist rally that sparked deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
In an interview with Fox News, Garrett condemned Kessler and called the meeting "an occupational hazard." The white nationalists and white supremacists who rallied in their home district are "bigots" who wanted to "incite hatred," Garrett said.
The Virginia lawmaker met with Kessler and several others this past March at their Washington, D.C. office and posed for a picture with the group, which was posted on Facebook in the group "Unity and Security for America."
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which has compiled a file on Kessler, notes that while the Charlottesville resident is "a relative newcomer to the white nationalist scene," they have "made waves" in their hometown when they waged an online campaign against Charlottesville's black city councilman. Additionally, the SPLC has called "Unity and Security for America," which Kessler founded, is "a nativist, white nationalist group."
Garrett told Fox News that they did not know who Kessler was at the time of their meeting.
"That's what we do, we meet with people all the time," Garrett said. "I didn't know who that cat was at that point in time. I know who they are now and I don't like them any more than anybody else does."
They said Kessler and some associates drove to their D.C. office and requested a meeting. They did not describe what they discussed or how long the meeting lasted.
Their office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Charlottesville Violence: Investigation Begins as Victim Revealed 3:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According the caption on the Facebook photo, the group discussed the RAISE Act, legislation recently touted by President Donald Trump that would dramatically reduce the number of legal immigrants allowed into the United States.
Asked in Sunday's interview if they regretted the meeting, Garrett said: "Yeah, sure. But what do you do? My time machine is broken. So, I can't go back and undo it."
"What I want to do is condemn in the strongest possible terms anyone who believes that they might be better than someone else by virtue of a character trait that they had no voice in determining," they added.
Garrett is not the only Virginia politician to meet with Kessler.
Corey Stewart, a GOP candidate for Senate in Virginia who has championed Confederate symbols, joined Kessler at a press conference in February to protest the removal of the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park and call for the ouster of an African American city official, according to The Richmond-Times Dispatch.
The presser was organized by Kessler's Unity and Security for America group. Both men have made appearances with white nationalist hate groups during campaign stops, according to the SPLC.
Stewart, who is challenging Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Reps urge FG to confer GCFR on MKO Abiola
The House of Representatives on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to immortalise the acclaimed winner of the June 12, 1993 presidential election, Chief MKO Abiola. The House also resolved that late Abiola be conferred with posthumous Grand Commander of the Order of the Federal Republic (GCFR), in recognition of their sacrifice and contributions to the unity and development of Nigeria and Africa. This emanated from the adoption of a motion under matters of urgent public importance, sponsored by Rep.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The media had its final day of access to Patriots OTA practices on Tuesday.
That brought a few key storylines to the forefront in today's news cycle. One was Julian Edelman talking about the contract extension they reached with the Patriots last week. A second was the fact that burgeoning backup quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo sat out OTA practice.
In regards to Edelman and their contract, the Boston Globe writes that the slot receiver is the Poster Boy of the Patriot Way. The Globe also looks at Garoppolo's inactivity, other than time on the stationary bike. The Globe details second-year passing back D.J. Foster trying to carve out a role for themselves in the crowded Patriots backfield.
The Boston Herald writes that the Patriots have been doling out contracts this offseason, but not to Malcolm Butler. The Herald says that Tom Brady's impressive work this spring shows the aging quarterback's “maniacal side.” The Herald reports that Garoppolo was held out of practice due to a leg injury. The Herald also passes along Edelman's thoughts on their new deal, while also noting the anouncment that the Patroits will hold joint practices with the Texans this August in the Greenbrier resort in West Virginia.
The Providence Journal details what has been a busy offseason for Chris Hogan, both on the field and at home as a new father. The ProJo also looks at linebacker Jonathan Freeny working their way back into the mix after finishing last season on injured reserve.
ESPN ranks the offseasons of defending Super Bowl champions and puts this year's Patriots atop the list.
ESPNBoston.com writes that Patriots top pick Derek Rivers is happy to learn from developing young New England pass rusher Trey Flowers. ESPNBoston.com notes that Bill Belichick had a clear message to their team and reporters this week, and if focused on moving on completely to 2017. ESPNBoston.com declares that durability remains a lingering issue for Garoppolo.
WEEI.com says it's time to rethink how we view Jacoby Brissett and consider the possibility that the current No. 3 could be the heir to Brady at the quarterback position. WEEI.com passes along Edelman talking about TB12 guru Alex Guerrero's role in the receiver's extended career. WEEI.com notes that Brady and Brandin Cooks continued to impress during OTA action.
CSNNE.com notes that former Oregon, Eagles and 49ers coach Chip Kelly, a New England native, was a guest at Patriots OTA practices on Tuesday. CSNNE.com observes that Garoppolo's absence at practice led to increased reps for Brissett.
NFL.com notes Belichick's emphasis on their team moving on to 2017.
NESN.com has a report card for Patriots players following spring OTA and mini-camp action. Read
FG to improve revenue generation through tax collection
The Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun has said that the Federal Government was focused on improving revenue generation and mobilisation through tax collection.
Kemi Adeosun briefing journalists, after the weekly federal executive council (FEC) meeting, said that they presented a memo that was approved by the FEC to sign a multilateral convention for the implementation of tax treaty related matters.
They said, “I presented a memo which was approved by council today and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
“In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection. One of the means by which major companies evade is a
practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax.
“So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax. There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and today council gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.
“What that convention would mean is that where we have existing bilateral tax treaties, like Nigeria already has some tax treaties with certain countries which actually are not in our favour and I gave
example to council.
“For example we sign a treaty with a particular country that says their national carrier will not pay tax in Nigeria and in exchange Nigeria's national carrier will not pay tax in their country but as you know Nigeria does not have a national carrier, so that type of arrangement is adverse for Nigeria.
“This convention will give us the right to go and amend that treaty and opt out of some of the treaties that we have already signed in previous administration, that are not appropriate for Nigeria. The convention allows us to renegotiate.
“The benefits are the convention will swiftly modify existing bilateral tax treaties to implement tax treaty related matters in a cost efficient manner instead of individual negotiation and amendment of the treaty. It will incorporate into existing tax treaties provisions that will prevent the granting of tax treaty benefit in an appropriate circumstance.
“It will address tax treaty abuse, promote transparency and drastically curtail illicit financial flows and ultimately it will increase the tax revenue of the government.
The post FG to improve revenue generation through tax collection appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Increasing numbers of corporate-owned devices and reliance on business apps for enhanced productivity has created a few challenges in the workplace. Organizations want to take advantage of the latest technology and keep their users happy without creating manual labor for IT or friction with their end users. So, Samsung developed Knox Mobile Enrollment to streamline this process for both admins and end users. Support for Knox Mobile Enrollment within VMware Workspace ONE, powered by AirWatch technology, isn't new, but enrollment support of an Android enterprise work managed device is.
Here's the breakdown of this joint solution:
What Is Knox Mobile Enrollment?
Samsung Knox Mobile Enrollment (KME) is the out-of-box enrollment solution exclusive to Samsung devices, which allows administrators to configure devices to enroll as soon as they are powered on and connected to the internet. KME is a no-cost solution that makes it simple to deploy large numbers of devices with minimal manual work from the administrator and almost no user interaction. Devices are pre-registered to the admin's Samsung account and assigned enrollment credentials.
Read the entire article here, Breaking Down Samsung Knox Mobile Enrollment with VMware AirWatch
Via the fine folks at VMware!
Kawhi Leonard scored a playoff career-high 37 points, and the Spurs continued their beat-down of the Grizzlies with a 96-82 Game 2 victory that gave them a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven series.
Memphis is now essentially finished, because they're not going to beat this San Antonio team four out of the next five games to somehow salvage the series. But even worse is that the Grizzlies figure to be finished for the foreseeable future.
Memphis went all-in with three enormous contracts, and it's clear that it wasn't the wisest of decisions. A core of Mike Conley, Marc Gasol and Chandler Parsons can't achieve much more than it did this season — a low playoff seed in the West, followed by nothing more than a first-round loss.
(Even if you believe Gasol and Conley are more than simply above-average players, there's no denying the Parsons signing was a complete disaster. Injuries limited them to just 34 appearances, and they averaged just 6.2 points per contest.)
And now that there's so much money tied up in those three guys, it's going to be extremely difficult to find meaningful ways to upgrade the roster.
PORTLAND, Ore. — The NBA's hottest team has found a home on the road.
Houston won its ninth consecutive game after James Harden scored 48 points and the Rockets rallied from 14-point, fourth-quarter deficit to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 124-117 on Saturday night.
The Rockets, who trailed for most of the game, won their eighth consecutive road game, running their season road record to 12-1. It is Houston's best road start since the 1996-97 season.
Harden hit 16 of 29 shots and grabbed eight rebounds, while Chris Paul scored 24 points and Trevor Ariza had 13 for Houston. The Rockets' 20-4 record is the best by percentage in the NBA this season.
“We're riding high right now. That's great. We know we'll have some bumps. We have a lot of things to figure out, but we just keep getting better and grinding it out,” Houston coach Mike D'Antoni said.
Houston took a good punch from Portland, which was trying to end a three-game home court losing streak. Damian Lillard tied a franchise record with nine 3-pointers and scored 35 points, while C.J. McCollum had 28 for the Blazers (13-12).
“It was disappointing to lose. . We had a lot of good efforts from a lot of different players. It was good to be in a game at the end against a really good team,” Portland coach Terry Stotts said.
Houston hasn't had a close game in a while, particularly with Paul returning to action from an early season knee injury. That changed Saturday as Portland built a 98-84 lead after three quarters, though Lillard started the fourth quarter with an ice bag on their right foot after limping to the bench.
Houston went to a small lineup, and punished Portland's defence with 1-on-1 offence. The Rockets hit 15 of 18 shots, and Harden and Paul combined to score 25 of the team's 40 fourth-quarter points.
“Me and James were talking about how cool it was. I went a few times and then they got to go a few times. It was fun that we got to play off of each other like that,” Paul said.
Harden went 6 of 7 during the fourth quarter, including five layups.
“We went small and they had to adjust to us . once they did that, we had shooters on the court and the lane was wide open. So it was layup, layup, layup, 3-ball,” Harden said.
With Lillard's foot on ice, Houston launched a rally, pulling to 103-98 when Lillard returned with 7 minutes remaining. But the Rockets had momentum, and took a 110-109 lead on Ariza's 3-pointer.
The Rockets never trailed again, outscoring Portland 14-6 during the final 3 minutes.
“It took everything we had to beat them,” D'Antoni said.
The Blazers, eager not to finish a home stand 0-4, were aggressive early, as Lillard hit two 3-pointers but also drew two fouls during the first 3 minutes. Midway through the first quarter, Lillard stepped in front of Paul and earned a charging foul, touching off a battle of words that resulted in technicals to Portland's Meyers Leonard and Paul.
Lillard's 3-pointer gave Portland its largest lead of the first half at 57-46, but Houston outscored the Blazers 16-5 during the final 5:37 to pull even at 62 at halftime.
TIP-INS
Rockets: Houston is 10-0 with Paul in the lineup. … Paul missed 14 games with a knee injury. … Nene returned to action after missing one game with a corneal abrasion. … Houston plays its next seven games at home. … Harden has scored at least 20 points in each of Houston's 24 games this season, only the second player to accomplish such a feat since the 1990-91 season.
Trail Blazers: Portland had fresh faces in its starting lineup, as Leonard made their first start and guard Evan Turner their second of the season. They were replacements for injured Jusuf Nurkic (ankle) and Maurice Harkless (quad). … The Blazers hit a season-high nine 3-pointers during the first half. … Portland begins a five-game trip Monday at Golden State.
ROCKETS WIN BIG AT THE LINE
Houston piled up a big edge at the free throw line, making 34 of 42 shots, while Portland took only 12 free throws, making nine.
“The disparity was ridiculous,” Stotts said.
UP NEXT
Rockets: Host New Orleans on Monday night.
Trail Blazers: At Golden State on Monday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
BERLIN — Scientists say a crack along a key floating ice shelf in Antarctica indicates that a vast iceberg is close to breaking off.
The process, known as calving, happens periodically but researchers are watching closely to see whether climate change is affecting the phenomenon.
Scientists at the University of Swansea in Britain said Thursday the rift in the Larsen C ice shelf grew by 17 kilometers (10.6 miles) in six days.
They say the break, when it comes, could produce one of the largest icebergs ever recorded.
University of Colorado scientist Ted Scambos says the shelf appears to be breaking further back than previously recorded calvings.
Scambos adds that "this berg is telling us something has changed, and not for the better. For now, though, the ice shelf will barely notice."
French police thwarted an imminent “terror attack,” arresting two suspected radicals Tuesday in the southern port city of Marseille, the interior minister said just days before the first round of France's presidential election.
The two men “intended to commit an attack on French soil in the very short term, which is to say in coming days,” Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said at a brief news conference.
SPAIN: POLICE BREAK UP INTERNATIONAL CHILD PORN CHAT NETWORK
France votes Sunday in the first round of its two-stage election, with security ramped up for the ballot after a series of attacks in recent years that have made security one of the major issues of the campaign.
The men, both French, one born in 1987 and the other in 1993, are “suspected of wanting to commit, in an imminent way, a violent action on the eve of the French presidential election,” the minister said.
They gave no details about potential targets or motives.
President Francois Hollande hailed the “remarkable” arrests and the work of police.
GERMANY: OFFENSES AGAINST ASYLUM HOMES STILL HIGH LAST YEAR
Agents from the French domestic security agency, backed by elite police units, conducted the arrests. Searches are also underway, Fekl said.
France's fight against homegrown and overseas Islamic extremism has been one of the main soapboxes for presidential candidates, particularly those on the right, seeking to appeal to voters traumatized by Islamic State group-inspired attacks that have killed at least 235 people in France since January 2015, by far the largest casualty rate of any Western country.
With the terror threat “higher than ever,” Fekl said “everything is being done” to secure the election, the candidates, their election headquarters and rallies.
They said more than 50,000 police, gendarmes and soldiers will be deployed in France and its overseas territories on Sunday and the decisive second-round vote on May 7.
You might have caught the news that Opera is killing its Opera Max VPN service. That's a bummer, but there are plenty of VPN apps out there if you don't absolutely need the data compression features of Max. For example, the newly released Kaspersky Secure Connection app. It's in beta and only has limited data, but it's free.
Kaspersky Secure Connection is designed to prompt you to turn it on whenever you connect to an unsecured public WiFi hotspot. The functionality when you're connected is about what you'd expect from any other VPN app. Your traffic is routed through the encrypted connection to the VPN server, then out to its destination. This prevents eavesdropping and logging of your data, but the VPN can see everything you do. Kaspersky says it will not keep any logs of your activity, so it's up to you if you believe that.
The app is currently free with no in-app purchases. There will be IAPs, though. Eventually, you'll be able to spend $6.49-38.99 on subscriptions to the premium VPN service with unlimited data. Right now, you're limited to 200MB of daily traffic in the beta version of the app. That's reasonably generous compared to other VPN apps. If you just need a VPN to do a few sensitive things on public WiFi, that could be all you need.
We Must Defend Terms of Our Constitution – Osinbajo
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo yesterday declared that the Federal Government would not shirk its responsibilities, just as they said the administration would do everything within its power to defend the terms of the nation's constitution.
They stated this when they met with the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo, the five governors of the south-east and the leadership of the zone in the National Assembly and other stakeholders from the area.
Present during the meeting were the President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, their deputy Dr. Sylvanus Obigwei, the Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State, Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Dave Umayi of Ebonyi State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu States and Willie Obiano.
Also present were the Chairman of the south- east Senate caucus, Enyinnaya Abaribe, their counterpart from the House of Representatives and Deputy Minority leader, Chukwuka Onyeama, Senators Joy Emordi, Sam Egwu, Ken Nnamani, Adolphus Wabara, former Managing Director of Daily Times, Onyema Ugochukwu, former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prof. Viola Onwuliri, among others.
The acting president had earlier also met with the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN).
The meeting yesterday, came following the sustained agitation for Biafra Republic, the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), and the recent ultimatum by the coalition of Arewa youths asking the Igbo to quit the northern part of the country on or before October 1.
Before the meeting went into a closed-door session, the acting president reminded the leaders of the danger of violence and war, stressing that both are easy to start but difficult to end.
They further stated that the government's consultation with the people was to address the sundry agitations and proclamations urgently, adding, “Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over on its own accord is not an option.”
“One thing is clear – violence and war are terrible things. They are easy to start but near impossible to end. Indeed you're all aware of the Igbo proverb that says that ‘A man who rushes into battle does not realise that battle entails death.'
“Yesterday (Tuesday) I kicked off a series of consultations and engagements with leaders of thought from northern Nigeria. It was a useful meeting. Today's (yesterday) meeting, the second in the series, is with you, leaders of thought from the south-east.
“After this, I will meet with religious and traditional leaders from the north and from the south-east, on Friday and Monday respectively. And then, in the final consultation, next week Thursday, all of us, from north and south, would come together in the same room, for further engagement and consultation. I also plan at some time in between to meet with the Nigerian Governors Forum.
“These consultations are necessary, and important, because of recent events in the country. You are all aware that there have been loud and sometimes hostile agitations by youths in the south-east, calling for secession of the region from Nigeria.
“Then there was the recent ultimatum issued by a group of youths from the north, asking all south-easterners living in the north to leave by October 1 this year.
“Both of these expressions and agitations from both sides, have been attended with some controversial and hateful vituperations including patently illegal and violence-inducing remarks.
“But equally not reasonable is falling for the temptation for tit-for-tat. It has never worked or moved us closer to a solution or resolution.
“And so, it is in our bid, as government, to deal with these pressing issues and grievances, that we have convened this series of consultations, with various groups. We will never shy away from the responsibility to ensure and uphold the peace and security of Nigeria.''
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post We Must Defend Terms of Our Constitution – Osinbajo appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
SALT LAKE CITY — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and outdoor retail giant Patagonia traded harsh words over the Trump administration's plans to shrink several national monuments, an opening salvo in an imminent legal battle that could be waged for years.
A barrage of lawsuits is expected by groups looking to block President Donald Trump's order on Monday drastically reducing Utah's Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monuments. Three lawsuits had been filed by Tuesday night, with more expected Wednesday.
Trump said they were reversing federal overreach by drastically cutting the sprawling monuments named by Democratic presidents. But tribal leaders, environmentalists and others argue the president doesn't have that authority and their move jeopardizes a wealth of Native American artifacts, dinosaur fossils and rugged spaces.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This is Bears Ears: A national monument under siege 0:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Patagonia, which is expected to file a lawsuit by Wednesday, replaced its usual home page with a stark message, "The President Stole Your Land."The California-based company called Trump's actions illegal and described Monday's action as the largest elimination of protected land in American history.
Zinke shot back, calling that "nefarious, false and a lie." They told reporters that the land targeted by Trump remains protected because it is still under federal control.
"I understand fundraising for these special interest groups," Zinke said. "I think it's shameful and appalling that they would blatantly lie in order to gain money in their coffers."
Related: Trump cutting national monuments sets up environmental showdown
Outdoor retailer REI also criticized Trump but in less harsh language.
Zinke took a defiant tone in a conference call with reporters, saying, "I don't yield to pressure, only higher principle. And sound public policy is not based on threats of lawsuits, it's doing what's right."
Patagonia has "always viewed public lands as our special interest," said company spokesperson Corley Kenna. "And it's odd that Ryan Zinke has no problem with special interests when they're paying for their private jets. We have been fighting for these lands for decades, so that hunters, fishers, hikers and everyone else can use them and help us protect them."
A full moon sets behind Cedar Mesa, which is within Bears Ears National Monument, near Mexican Hat, Utah on Nov. 14, 2016. Jim Lo Scalzo / EPA file
Patagonia's statements follow more than a year of the company's activism on the issue, which is not the only time the retailer has stepped in a debate over Utah's public lands. The company joined with REI and other outdoor recreation companies in leading a push to move the industry's lucrative trade show from Salt Lake City to Denver after two decades in Utah. The move was a high-profile protest over Utah leaders' insistence on getting the Bears Ears designation rescinded and trying to take more control of federal lands.
Zinke argued that Bears Ears is still larger than Zion and Bryce Canyon national parks combined even after being downsized to about 202,000 acres while Grand Staircase-Escalante retains about 1 million acres.
Environmental and conservation groups and a coalition of tribes filed lawsuits Monday that ensure Trump's announcement is far from the final word in the yearslong battle over public lands in Utah and other Western states. The court cases are likely to drag on for years.
A coalition of the Hopi, Ute Indian, Ute Mountain Ute, Zuni tribes and Navajo Nation sued late Monday to challenge the Bears Ears reduction, which cuts monument status for the rugged land in southeastern Utah by about 85 percent. Bears Ears features thousands of Native American artifacts, including ancient cliff dwellings and petroglyphs.
The tribes argue that federal law only gives presidents the ability to create a national monument, not the ability to downsize one.
Two lawsuits also have been filed to try to block the Grand Staircase decision, which cuts the monument nearly in half. Grand Staircase contains scenic cliffs, canyons, waterfalls and arches — and one of the nation's largest known coal reserves.
The two monuments were created by Democrats Barack Obama and Bill Clinton under a century-old law that allows presidents to protect sites considered historically, geographically or culturally important.
Trump acted on a recommendation by Zinke, who also has urged that two other large national monuments in the West be reduced in size, potentially opening up thousands of acres of land revered for natural beauty and historical significance to mining, logging and other development.
The interior secretary's plan would scale back Nevada's Gold Butte and Oregon's Cascade-Siskiyou, in addition to the two Utah sites.
Zinke said Tuesday they would focus changes in Gold Butte on the site's water districts. Gold Butte protects nearly 300,000 acres of desert landscapes featuring rock art, sandstone towers and wildlife habitat for the threatened Mojave Desert tortoise and other species.
Zinke declined to specify how many acres they want to remove from monument status, stressing that the administration is working with Nevada's governor and congressional delegation to find a solution.
Foam Chief Wahoos line the shelf at the Cleveland Indians team shop, Monday, Jan. 29, 2018, in Cleveland. Divisive and hotly debated, the Chief Wahoo logo is being removed from the Cleveland Indians' uniform next year. The polarizing mascot is coming off the team's jersey sleeves and caps starting in the 2019 season. The Club will still sell merchandise featuring the mascot in Northeast Ohio. Tony Dejak AP Photo
SALES & USE TAX WORKSHOP Join us for a free, customized presentation on sales tax. This is a great opportunity to get up to date with law changes and regulations as they relate to your business. Date: January 9, 2017
When: 6pm to 8pm Where: TTU Small Business Development Center, 2579 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, TX, suite 114 COST: NO CHARGE, compliments of the SBDC & the State Comptroller's office. RSVP your seat by calling Elaine @ 806-745-1637 www.ttusbdc.org/lubbock Posted:
1/2/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
Time: 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Event Date: 1/9/2017
Location:
SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, Tx , suite 114
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect, who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, A...
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, Ap...
By MARK GILLISPIEAssociated Press
CLEVELAND (AP) - In a rambling video, Steve Stephens said, "I snapped, I just snapped." But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of themselves killing a retiree, police were unable to explain what set them off.
"Only Steve knows that," Cleveland police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $50,000 reward for Stephens' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker.
In the video, Stephens blamed a former girlfriend they had lived with, saying they woke up last week and "couldn't take it anymore." But in a statement Monday, the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to them and their children.
As for the shooting victim, Godwin appeared to have been selected at random, gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of their children.
A manhunt that started in Cleveland's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults, police said.
"He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips, and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens. But they said there was no sign they were actually there.
Some of those who know Stephens described them as pleasant and kind, while some said they had a gambling problem. They filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
In another video posted to Facebook, Stephens said that they gambled away everything and that they and their girlfriend had planned to marry but didn't, without saying why.
"He got along with everybody, so it's just unbelievable what happened," said Alexis Lee, a friend who saw Stephens last week.
The police chief said: "We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this, because we don't know."
Godwin's daughter said they were killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag.
"Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did," said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. "That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone."
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
In the shooting video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, "She's the reason that this is about to happen to you." The victim did not seem to recognize the woman's name. The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that "we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened." They said Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed more than a dozen people.
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a social services agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people. They helped them gain job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. Their attorney at the time, Trent Binger, said Monday that they remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems.
"He was an easy client to deal with," Binger said. "Always respectful to me ... well-mannered."
___
Associated Press reporters Dake Kang and Delano Massey in Cleveland and John Seewer in Toledo contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Miami hockey opens the 2017-18 season at home tonight at 7:35 p.m. with a non-conference game against the No. 5 Providence Friars. The RedHawks look to bounce back from last season's 9-20-7 record (5-14-5 National Collegiate Hockey Conference) with the help of returning captain senior defenseman Louis Belpedio and seven freshmen.
The RedHawks are optimistic prior to puck drop, as history bodes well for the team that struggled last season. The NCHC preseason poll slated Miami to finish fifth, though the last two times Miami finished seventh or lower in conference standings, it would go on to win a conference title (2005-06) or conference tournament (2015 NCHC) the following year.
“I think it's been a good week for us being able to get into a routine. I like our energy level,” Head Coach Enrico Blasi said in a press conference on Tuesday. “Obviously, it's still early so some of our energy level needs to be cleaned up, but for the most part it's been a good five weeks in terms of getting themselves ready to this point and now we can start working on some things that we can get better at.”
Belpedio was part of the conference tournament championship as a first-year student and is a welcome return to the team. Many thought the third-round NHL draft pick would sign with the Minnesota Wild. Only playing 24 games last season due to injury, Belpedio tallied an impressive 17 points. They will be a crucial part of Miami's defense against the Friars and as a leader to Miami's still young team.
Nineteen of Miami's 28 are underclassmen and seven of those 19 will make their college hockey debut tonight at the Steve ‘Coach' Cady Arena.
“When you talk about freshmen coming in, there's a lot for them to grasp early on in terms of systems and just the pace of play, so I think they're adjusting really well,” Blasi said. “In terms of how and how much they're going to impact our team, that remains to be seen.”
Miami returns 17 letterwinners, 82.4 percent of its goals, 81.7 percent of its points and every minute of goaltending from last year.
Notably, junior forwards Kiefer Sherwood and Josh Melnick lead the returning players in points with 38 and 27 last season, respectively. Sophomore Carson Meyer will look to replicate the success they had from last season with 26 points (10g, 16a) in 32 games. Impressive enough to be drafted in the sixth-round by the Columbus Blue Jackets in last season's NHL draft.
On defense, the RedHawks will look to junior defenseman Grant Hutton whose nine goals were the most by a defenseman since Alec Martinez also scored nine in the 2007-08 season. Hutton led the Red and White in plus/minus last season and undoubtedly helped sophomore goaltender Ryan Larkin defend the net.
Larkin started 33 of 36 games for the 'Hawks last season, ending with 2.77 goals against average and a .910 save percentage. Larkin helped their team stay competitive last season — 26 of 36 games were decided by two goals or fewer.
“I think our older guys have done a good job of making sure our younger guys understand the standard we come to the rink with,” Blasi said. “From our senior class and our captain Belpedio, to our juniors and the rest of our captains in Melnick and Hutton and Sherwood, I think those guys have done a real nice job of making sure that, not just the first-year student, but the team is ready to go for the task on any particular day.”
Opening their season against the Friars has become routine for the RedHawks — this will be the third season in a row the two teams face off to start the hockey season. Last year, the teams split the two-day series in Providence, RI and the year before the 'Hawks lost the two games at home. The Friars have a 7-5-3 series advantage over the RedHawks.
“First and foremost, [Providence] is a really good hockey team. They're well coached, they're going to play hard. They're going to come into here with a lot of confidence, a lot of experience,” Blasi said. “Our games against each other are always hard fought battles and played the right way. That's part of the reason why we really like Providence because it gets us prepared for what we will expect in our league play.”
Providence was 22-12-5 last season — its fourth consecutive season with 20-plus wins — and 9-7-2 on the road. It was also its fourth consecutive appearance in the NCAA Tournament.
Nineteen players return for the Friars and the RedHawks need to be mindful of four of the Friars' five top scorers from last season. Senior forward Brian Pinho, junior forward Erik Foley, sophomore forward Josh Wilkins and junior forward Scott Conway all had 12-plus goals last season and will challenge Miami's defense.
On the other end, Miami's top forwards look to pass junior goaltender Hayden Hawkey who started all 39 games, had a 2.19 goals against average and a .913 save percentage.
Miami hockey will also honor a former Miami student and Miami hockey manager, Brendan Burke by hosting the Can Play Series. The initiative's motto reads “If you can play, you can play,” and advocates for LGBTQ rights in sports. Burke came out as openly gay during their time at Miami and then died tragically in an automobile accident. The RedHawks will wear specially designed jerseys to honor Burke both tonight and tomorrow.
The games can be watched on NCHC TV. Puck drop is at 7:35 p.m. tonight and 8 p.m. tomorrow night.
Comments
The Ohio House will vote on a new leader next week.
Republican, Kirk Schuring became the temporary speaker after Cliff Rosenberger resigned last month amid an FBI investigation.
On Tuesday, Schuring gave lawmakers the option to vote on two existing candidates, or they can vote to change the rules so they can serve as speaker for the rest of the year.
So far, almost all 33 House Democrats have refused to back any Republican speaker.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
David Goffin produced a stunning fightback to reach the Barcelona Open third round on Wednesday (AEST), rallying from a set and two breaks down to beat Marcel Granollers 4-6 7-6 (7-2) 6-2.
The Belgian's campaign appeared over at 4-6 1-5 down but their remarkable recovery, which included a saved match point, earned them progression.
Goffin will face Leonardo Mayer or Karen Khachanov in the next round, while Roberto Carballes Baena's reward for seeing off Andreas Haider-Maurer 6-2 6-4 in the first round is a meeting with 10-time champion Rafael Nadal.
Martin Klizan beat Federico Delbonis in three sets to set up a clash against Novak Djokovic in round two, while Roberto Bautista Agut, Feliciano Lopez, Adrian Mannarino and Malek Jaziri all moved into the last 16.
Bautista Agut had to come from a set down to win their second-round tie with Ivo Karlovic 6-7 (4-7) 6-2 6-4.
At the Hungarian Open, there were wins for seeds Jan-Lennard Struff and Andreas Seppi, while 18-year-old Zsombor Piros, winner of the junior singles title at the 2017 Australian Open, will return on Thursday (AEST) to complete their ATP Tour debut after bad light halted their first-round clash with Mikhail Youzhny at 6-3 5-3 to the Russian.
Don't let the balmy Indian fall days fool you. We all know that winter is coming, which is why now is the time to stock up on cold-weather essentials. Better yet, do it at a discount.
L.L. Bean is offering shoppers 20 percent off with the promo code FALL20 through October 10. Plus if you spend more than $50, you'll also receive a $10 gift card. Below, our top picks from the sale.
Are you aware of what aspects you should consider when upgrading your virtual infrastructure? In this video, Barry Coombs, ComputerWorld Director will discuss what considerations there are when upgrading and what benefits each consideration can bring to your business.
This video is from the fine folks at ComputerWorld Group.
By Grace Chingoma
CAPS United coach Lloyd Chitembwe is juggling a busy schedule this week, preparing for the Champions League reverse match against Lioli on Sunday and attending CAF A licence which resumed on Monday at the ZIFA Village.
The 2016 Coach of the Year and their assistant Mark Mathe are attending the second module of CAF Licence, which runs for two weeks but the duo have been granted a special request to train the team every day and then report back for school.
Yesterday, Chitembwe joined their players as they resumed training after they returned home on Monday night from Maseru.
The domestic champions are seeking a victory at the National Sports Stadium on Sunday after a goalless draw with the Lesotho side.
“It is tough this week, but our CAF instructors requested our programme and they have accommodated us. So every day we would be coming here for training for two hours and then rush back to ZIFA Village until Sunday.
“It is hectic but it has to be done,” said Chitembwe.
The coach said everyone is focussed on the weekend's match.
Ronald Pfumbidzai and Dennis Dauda received some knocks in Saturday's game and the coach decided to rest them.
“I am happy with the attitude and work being put in by the boys since we re-grouped. We got the result we wanted in Lesotho and we are happy that Josta (Joel Ngodzo) and Kudzi (Nyamufukudza) are now cleared and will be able to play on Sunday.
“It is always good to have your best players. We want to finish them off on Sunday at the National Sports Stadium.”
Chitembwe said they decided to give Hardlife Zvirekwi some rest as they have been active with the national team since the local season ended last November.
“Hardy, we have given them time off to rest after two months with national team. It is good for their fitness and health to rest.
“Ronald is a warrior, just like Dennis. They rested today (yesterday) to recover from knocks they got in Maseru but will definitely play on Sunday.”
CAPS United were joined by chief striker Leonard Tsipa, who was not part of the team which travelled to Maseru, following their de-registration by the club after going AWOL last month.
Also joining the players at training yesterday was the former Dynamos duo of Sydney Linyama and Farai Mupasiri, who are trying their luck at the club.
The two players briefly had some drills during training but were restricted to the sidelines for the larger part of training session.
Linyama was released by the Glamour Boys following the expiry of their contract last month.
Forward Farai Mupasiri, who has struggled with their game, last played football eight months ago when they were deemed excess baggage by DeMbare.
“They just came here for training and our football environment is very small such that you cannot turn down a player,” said Chitembwe.
“We have signed all our players we need and maybe we will add new players in June if the need arises.”
The duo refused to comment about their job-hunting prospects. Linyama also tried their luck at Premiership newboys Yadah Stars but was rejected by the Harare side.
FC Platinum forward Makai ‘Jecha' Kawashu is also on assessment at the Green Machine. FC Platinum spokesperson Chido Chizondo said they are looking at loaning the player.
“He is still part of the club, but we are working on loaning them out to another club, preferably a club based in Zvishavane.
“He hasn't informed us if they have found a club yet, but they still have six months running on their contract,” said Chizondo. The Herald
2:07
Video: Kevin Hart shows Cam Newton how much they can bench
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
COLUMBIANA, Ohio (WYTV) – After going back and forth for weeks now, the city planning commission in Columbiana voted to send the “chicken debate” back to city council.
The city is threatening to fine chicken owners if they don't get rid of the animals by this month.
In a 3 to 2 vote, commissioners decided they would keep their stand on not allowing residents to raise chickens in the city limits. The decision comes after they considered similar laws to use as a basis for new regulations.
Some Columbiana residents are fighting to keep the chickens they're raising as the city starts cracking down on the law that's largely been ignored for 40 years.
Tony Dolan said Tuesday's meeting was full of people who are against the law and want to keep their chickens.
“Not everyone would want it and that's fine, but this discussion has been open for four weeks and has been taken up by different people,” they said. “It's a roomful of people for it, people who take their time at night to come support it and still, no one against it.”
Rick Noel, with the planning commission, doesn't think the issue is going away.
“Regardless of how we vote on this matter at hand, but we do have a motion on the floor to affirm the decision we made at the last meeting,” Noel said.
Council could make its final decision at the next meeting on February 21.
In a meeting with the head of Cambridge Analytica — the political data firm used by the Trump campaign in 2016 — reporters from NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News posed as potential clients interested in changing the outcome of the Sri Lankan elections.
The reporters, who were trying to find out how the company operated, quickly learned about the novel and deceptive methods employed by the company, including bribes, blackmail, and misinformation campaigns. The findings were broadcast by the network on Monday.
On hidden camera, the reporters recorded Alexander Nix, chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, discussing the idea of hypothetically entrapping an opposition leader. They described how the company could record a person accepting a bribe, "an offer they can't refuse" or "send some girls around to the candidate's house."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Caught on video: Cambridge Analytica executives brag about dirty political tactics 3:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nix also floated the idea of spreading misinformation about politicians.
"It doesn't have to be true," Nix said. "It just has to be believed."
They later discussed creating fake IDs and having people pose as students or tourists as a way to further the political efforts without having its work traced back to clients.
Mark Turnbull, managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, was also recorded by the ITN Channel 4 News reporters discussing their relationships with former British spies now working at private companies who can be contracted to gather intelligence, along with private Israeli intelligence companies.
Long a company of interest in the Trump-Russia investigation, Cambridge Analytica came under fresh scrutiny this past weekend after the company's former director of data research, Christopher Wylie, revealed how the company had mined data from at least 50 million Facebook users.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cambridge Analytica harvested millions of Facebook users' data during presidential election 2:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Publicly, the company advertises its ability to build "psychographic" profiles that can microtarget social media political advertising to people based on traits like "extroversion" or "neuroticism."
The company received a $15 million investment from wealthy Republican donor Robert Mercer, who also funded the conservative website Breitbart while Steve Bannon — who later became chief executive of Trump's presidential campaign — was at the helm.
A spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica denied to ITN Channel 4 News that it used any of the tactics discussed in the videos.
“We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever," the spokesperson sent in a statement.
“Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose,” the spokesperson added.
Bannon met with Nix and was interested in how the profiles could be used to change American politics, Wylie said.
"Steve wanted weapons for a culture war. We offered them a way to change the culture of America," Wylie told ITN Channel 4 News. Sources familiar with Cambridge Analytica's work on the Trump campaign say “psychographics” were not used.
A source familiar with the hiring of Cambridge Analytica told NBC News that the primary figures involved in the hiring were Jared Kushner and Brad Parscale, who was digital director of the Trump campaign. Parscale has denied that the firm was useful to the campaign and said the Trump campaign instead used data from the Republican National Committee.
On Friday, Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica from buying ads or administering pages on its platform on behalf of clients, saying its data policies had been violated.
"We will take legal action if necessary to hold them responsible and accountable for any unlawful behavior," Facebook said in a statement, adding that it was investigating the claims.
The developments drew rebuke from lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic over the weekend.
“Revelations that Cambridge Analytica secretly acquired the personal, private information of more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission or that of Facebook, must be thoroughly investigated," Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should appear before the panel to explain what the company knew about the misuse of its customers' data.
Those calls were echoed by Damian Collins, a Conservative lawmaker in Britain leading a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian meddling during Brexit. In previous hearings on the topic, the social media platforms sent their general counsel or policy directors.
Facebook shares slumped 8 percent Monday.
Share
Apparently, our parents have taught us well. While Amazon's new cashless grocery store, Amazon Go, has encouraged folks to just walk out the door without paying, it would seem that folks aren't quite on board with that model yet. According to Gianna Puerini, vice president of Amazon Go, it has taken shoppers a bit of time to get used to the fact that walking out of a store without stopping by a cash register is not, in fact, immoral or illegal.
At Shoptalk, a retail industry event in Las Vegas, Puerini noted that they have been struck by the number of customers who have second-guessed their ability to take advantage of the cashless convenience offered by Amazon Go. ‘‘What we didn't necessarily expect was how many people would stop at the end on their first trip or two and ask, ‘Is it really OK if I just leave?''' Puerini said of the new-age store that opened in January in Amazon's hometown of Seattle.
They also noted that thus far, the most popular grab-and-go item has been the chicken sandwich. In fact, most of the best-selling items are in the food category — other popular purchases have been meal kits and fresh fruit. This actually doesn't come as much of a surprise to the executive, who noted that the whole idea of the store is to cater to folks who are hungry but in a rush. But clearly, the chefs supplying Amazon Go know what they're doing — apparently, many customers are not only repeat customers, but frequent customers, too.
Thanks to the Amazon Go app, the ecommerce giant always knows what is flying off the shelves and what to restock. The app allows customers to provide real-time feedback and is, of course, also key to ensuring that folks are ultimately paying for what they take. When you enter an Amazon Go store, you scan your phone, and the technology within the store keeps tabs on what you pick up, and sends you a bill when you leave.
Although it's taking folks a little bit of time to get used to this concept, it's obviously far more time-efficient than the current checkout-line model. But when it comes to actually applying this technology to Whole Foods, the grocery chain Amazon acquired last year, Puerini says that we shouldn't hold our breath.
‘‘The work we do with them (Whole Foods) is focused on making natural and organic food available to more people,'' they said. On the other hand, if you're looking for an Amazon Go store to come to a location near you, the executive says simply, ‘‘Stay tuned.''
Romelu Lukaku needs to believe they deserve to be at Manchester United after struggling during Sunday's derby, insisted former captain and full-back Gary Neville.
Lukaku's woes continued as they had a hand in Manchester City's 2-1 Premier League victory at Old Trafford – a result which left United 11 points off the pace through 16 fixtures.
The Belgium international striker failed to clear the ball as both David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi scored from set-pieces, while they were denied by City goalkeeper Ederson from close range late in the Manchester blockbuster.
Lukaku – a £75million signing from Everton – has now scored just two goals in their past 14 matches in all competitions and ex-United star Neville is concerned.
"You look at them today and they struggled," Neville told Sky Sports.
"I'm not just talking about struggling in terms of missing a chance, they struggled at being in the game and being confident in the game.
"He's got to get over that quickly as he's Manchester United's centre-forward.
"He's a young lad but they need to get to the point where they believe they should be out there - it's like they don't believe it in this period."
This was supposed to be Long Beach State's year in basketball. The 49ers were even picked to finish first in the Big West Conference in a preseason poll, which had UC Davis finishing fifth.
Long Beach State is 6-5 in conference and tied for fourth place. UC Davis is first at 8-2.
The 49ers lost one of their top two players – forward Gabe Levin – for the season just before Big West play began. The Aggies had an incoming player alter the course of their season.
It certainly fits an adage by Long Beach coach Dan Monson.
“Yeah, I think it shows that with the mid-major level, just how vulnerable and what a small margin for error every team has,” they said Monday. “That one player emerges and it can change your season. One player gets hurt and it can change your season.”
Junior Chima Meneke of UC Davis is a transfer. The 6-foot-6 forward is averaging a team-high 15.3 and conference-high 8.7 rebounds.
“He has really given them an inside presence,” said Monson, whose team hosts UC Davis at 7 p.m. Thursday at Walter Pyramid.
To the contrary, Monson said Levin's absence definitely has something to do with their team's defensive struggles – especially inside. Not only was Levin the team's leading rebounder, Monson called them its “most active inside player defensively.” The 49ers are allowing a high 81.6 points in conference play and defending the paint has been particularly rough.
In the 49ers' 74-69 loss Saturday at Cal State Fullerton, the Titans scored 40 of their points inside. Monson has not lost hope, though.
“The good news is we know exactly what we have to do to get there,” they said. “We have to get better defensively. We just have to protect the paint better. ... I really like how this team's playing in every aspect except for keeping the ball out of the paint and being able to keep the ball in front of us.
“We have three weeks to work on that.”
He's talking about the conference tournament, which will be March 9-11 at Honda Center.
The 49ers have also been without sophomore guard Noah Blackwell for the past four games, and he's averaging 13.0 points in conference.
No, things have not gone Long Beach State's way – yet.
“We still have our main goal, and that is to go out there and win three games at Honda Center,” Monson said.
Monson said he's hopeful Blackwell will be back by then. They have a ligament issue on the bottom of the big toe of their right foot.
Senior guard Tre' Coggins of Cal State Fullerton (11-12, 5-5) had a poor night Jan. 26. Playing at rival Long Beach State, the Titans' leading scorer had zero points on 0-of-5 shooting in 13 minutes, their team falling 76-65.
Coggins scored 22 points in Saturday's rematch. They shot 8 of 12 from the field, 4 of 8 from deep and played 39 minutes. Sophomore teammate Khalil Ahmad scored 23 points, 19 in the second half.
“Coming into the second half, we knew that me and Khalil needed to get it going if we were going to have a chance to win,” said Coggins, whose team trailed by six at halftime. “And everybody was feeding us the ball and trusting us to do what we do.”
The conference players of the week are UC Davis senior Brynton Lemar and CSUN sophomore Channon Fluker.
Lemar led first-place UC Davis to victories over CSF (74-65) and UC Riverside (77-63). They averaged 21.5 points. In the win over Fullerton, the senior guard scored 29 points, grabbed seven rebounds and had three steals.
Fluker won the award for the second consecutive week and fourth time this season. The 6-foot-4 center averaged 17.5 points and 19 rebounds in victories at UC Santa Barbara (62-55) and UC Riverside (80-77 in OT).
Contact the writer: rmorales@scng.com
by Philip Monahan
Have a question you want answered? Email it to us at ask@midcurrent.com.
photo by kasperbs
Question: I am a new fly fisher, using hand-me-down gear. The handle on my reel is on the left, which feels uncomfortable to me, but a couple folks have told me that I shouldn't reel with my right hand if I cast with my right. Is this true? And if not, is it hard to switch the reel from left to right retrieve?
via email
Answer: As a lifelong right-handed caster and retriever, I am outraged that you have been subjected to this kind of abuse. Okay, maybe not outraged…perhaps mildly annoyed. You should reel however feels the most comfortable to you. You are not compromising any part of the fishing experience by using one hand or the other. I have heard a million times over the last 25 years that I shouldn't reel right because (gasp!) I have to change hands on the rod every time I need to reel in.
This is ridiculous for three reasons. First, how often during the course of a day of trout fishing do you actually get a trout on the reel? (Okay, in saltwater this one doesn't apply.) Second, if you've ever watched a Saturday-morning bass-fishing show, you may have noticed that most baitcasting anglers switch hands after every single cast, and it doesn't seem to bother them. And third, the millisecond it takes to shift the rod from the right to the left hand isn't going to cause you to lose any fish. Oh yeah, and here's a fourth reason: Shut up and mind your own business, Mr. Fly-Fishing Rules Man.
That said, most fly reels come set up for left-hand retrieve, but changing them to right-hand retrieve is usually a snap. If you have the manual for the reel, the directions are in there. If you don't have the manual, go to the manufacturer's Web site to see if you can download a new manual. If you still can't figure it out, take the reel in to your nearest fly shop, where they'll surely do it for free. (Don't forget to buy something you need as part of the bargain.) Then go fishing, and don't listen to the “leftists” who comment on your new, more comfortable setup.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The Khadr settlement: Canada broke the law, Canada pays. How is this complicated?
Editorial | by Stephen Whitworth
I should just accept at this point that I'm hopelessly naive.
I say this because I was shocked at the backlash to Omar Khadr's settlement with the Canadian government.
I wouldn't have guessed the majority of Canadians — 71 per cent, according to an Angus Reid poll — would balk at a $10 million settlement given to a Canadian captured as a teenager in a war zone who was later abused in a U.S. gulag after Stephen Harper's government abandoned him.
Here's a hot take: if you don't wanna pay settlements, follow the law. Governments that play fast and loose with rules — for instance, abusing imprisoned citizens to get information for the CIA — are gonna lose Supreme Court rulings, and sooner or later they'll have to pull out their chequebooks and reach for your tax dollars. Make it sooner and it'll be cheaper, and kudos to the Liberals for doing that.
So what's the deal? Don't Canadians like laws, respect human rights and support pragmatic action?
Seventy-one per cent of us in this case, apparently not so much.
We ought to smarten up.
Then again, it's hard to solely blame Canadians who've been infected by the garbage right-wing rage-sputum from conservative politicians who have been passing anger off as an ideology since the '90s. From Islamophobia to crime hysteria, from union-bashing to protestor stomping, and from science heckling to art-hating, demagogic horseshit has been the go-to gimmick for politicians from Mike Harris to Ralph Klein to Stephen Harper to Rob Ford to Andrew Scheer and now, sadly more and more every week, Brad Wall.
It's a simple plan and it works: find a scapegoat, whip up outrage and then capitalize on in votes and donations.
It's a trick and people fall for it. Just look at Trump! I guess that means conservatives will keep doing it.
As for Khadr? They were a kid, not a terrorist. And I'm not being a bleeding heart here. I despise the Taliban (who, like Saddam Hussein, used to be American allies against the Soviets). Fundamentalist, hard-line interpretations of any religion stink.
But to depict this teenager captured in a war zone a terrorist — as conservatives continue to do — is just inaccurate.
We don't even know for sure Khadr's guilty of throwing the grenade that killed a U.S. medic — confessions from kids in gulags are inherently sketchy.
I want Canada to follow its laws and treat prisoners of war humanely. If a Canadian is found guilty of war crimes after being convicted in a fair trial (unlike what Khadr got), by all means send them to prison.
I think most people reading that last sentence would agree with it.
Then again, I'm pretty naive.
If you can't stop being mad at Omar Khadr, maybe at least do me one favour: when you hear politicians and commentators demonizing him, ask yourself what's in it for them. Because I think they know full well why they do it. They know that getting Canadians worked up over bogus narratives is the only way they can get support.
Because frankly, today's conservative politicians and commentators just don't have much in the way of good ideas that benefit Canadians.
And they damn well know it.
Is It Hot In Here Or Is It Just Science?
Speaking of topics conservatives are on the wrong side of: it's nice to see a Saskatchewan researcher get some attention for their work on climate change. University of Regina professor David Sauchyn is one of the contributors to an international database on historical temperatures that's helping scientists better understand changes in the planet's climate.
“We haven't discovered anything new, it's just that we presented such a conclusive set of facts that it's virtually impossible to argue anything else,” Sauchyn told CBC Saskatchewan in a July 16 story that you should read.
Well yeah, if we believe that arguments are based on “facts”, that's true. It's crazy to deny global warming.
I guess that means Saskatchewan conservatives who are afraid they might need to change their opinions don't have anything to worry about. ❧
Paul Cramer had been watching two birds from the back of their grandfather's Anaheim Hills property for several weeks when they finally brought along their camera on a visit.
Not to disappoint, a bald eagle flew high across the blue sky in front of their 400-millimeter lens, magnificent wings stretched out, carrying a trout in their talons.
The bald eagle on the right, photographed by Anaheim Hills resident Paul Cramer, has a blue tag that appears to read 85, which corresponds with a female bald eagle hatched in 2013.(Photo by Paul Cramer)
Anaheim Hills resident Paul Cramer caught on camera the flight of a bald eagle clutching a trout in their talons as they wing their way back to their nest with another bald eagle in the hills.(Photo by Paul Cramer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
A bald eagle flys overhead as Paul Cramer, an amateur landscape photographer, takes photos in Anaheim Hills.(Photo by Paul Cramer)
Paul Cramer photographed bald eagles in a nest in Anaheim Hills. The nest is believed to have some chicks. (Photo by Paul Cramer)
The majestic bird – Cramer suspects he's the male of the pair because they are smaller – landed on a nest tucked into the trees in one of the barrancas between the hills east of where the 55 and 91 freeways meet.
It appeared to start feeding babies, Cramer said. Other nearby residents have told them they also think there are chicks in the nest.
“It looks like they are happy and healthy and trying to raise a family,” Cramer said. “It all comes down to the simple things.”
One of the birds Cramer photographed has a blue tag, indicating it is part of the Institute for Wildlife Studies project to rebuild the bald eagle population on the Channel Islands.
The tag appears to say 85, which would mean the bird, a female, was hatched in 2013 at Santa Rosa Island. They were given the name La'i.
Bald eagles tend to live 15 to 20 years, said Peter Sharpe, wildlife biologist with the Institute for Wildlife Studies.
If the pair has successfully mated, any chicks would be between six and 12 weeks old – the youngins tend to fly around 12 weeks.
Birds hatched from nests on the Channel Islands tend to stay nearby, but some have started breeding on the mainland, Sharpe said.
The birds will likely spend the summer around their territory, not always together, and then meet up again to start working on a nest and mate around November or December.
This year, the Channel Islands project, which was founded in the 1980s, saw 20 chicks produced, the most for a breeding season, Sharpe said. That brings the population to about 60 to 70, a far cry from the ‘60s when all the bald eagles were gone from the islands, they said.
It makes sense that Cramer photographed one of the eagles carrying a fish — that's the preferred meal for bald eagles, Sharpe said. But they are also known to dine on smaller birds or even ground squirrels.
Cramer, also an Anaheim Hills resident, said they started taking amateur landscape photos four or five years ago. By day he's the director of sales for a company that makes animal and pet food — the photos they caught of the two bald eagles were certainly a hit at the office.
“It is pretty neat to see,” Cramer said. “It looks like they are content.”
The birds Cramer photographed are nestled back in the hills, hard to see, they said. But you can watch the Institute for Wildlife Studies' live webcams trained on nests in Big Bear and the Channel Islands at iws.org/livecams.html.
Anderson, 49, was attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival with their husband, John, and their daughters.
In a statement to The Washington Post, their husband said they were grateful for the time they got to share with theirs wife.
"She was the most amazing wife, mother and person this world ever had," John Anderson said.
OMAHA, Neb. — Nebraska athletic director Bill Moos said Tuesday night their comment about coaches Urban Meyer of Ohio State and Jim Harbaugh of Michigan "running a little bit scared" following coach Scott Frost's arrival in Lincoln was "a bit of tongue in cheek."
In an appearance at an Omaha Press Club luncheon earlier in the day, Moos said Frost would need time to turn around the Cornhuskers, who were 4-8 last season, but better days are ahead.
Moos added, according to the Omaha World-Herald, "You've got Urban Meyer and Jim Harbaugh thinking, 'We better put a little more into that Nebraska game coming up.' And that's the way we want it. They're running a little bit scared right now. And they won't admit it. We'll leave that at that."
The remark set off a run of sarcastic replies from Big Ten fans and media on Twitter.
Asked in the evening if they stood by their comment, Moos wrote in a text to The Associated Press, "A bit of tongue in cheek. Meant to point out that the competition is aware that there's a renewed energy at Nebraska and we aim to get back in the hunt."
Nebraska visits Michigan on Sept. 22 and Ohio State on Nov. 3.
The defending Big Ten champion Buckeyes beat Nebraska 56-14 in Lincoln last year and 62-3 in Columbus in 2016.
Nebraska is 2-1 against Michigan since entering the Big Ten in 2011, with the Wolverines coached by Brady Hoke in each of those games.
The Huskers have not won a conference championship since 1999, when they were in the Big 12, and lost 70-31 to Wisconsin in 2012 in their only appearance in the Big Ten title game.
___
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
Jury in Bill Cosby trial wraps up Day 3 without verdict
Jury in Bill Cosby trial wraps up Day 3 without verdict
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby (all times local):
9 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sex assault trial is going home for the night after failing to reach a verdict on the third day of deliberations.
The panel decided to stop Wednesday night after revisiting a police interview where the comedian acknowledged giving accuser Andrea Constand pills and fondling them at their suburban Philadelphia estate.
They'll resume Thursday morning.
The 79-year-old Cosby is facing three felony indecent assault charges that could put them in prison for the rest of their life.
Jurors have been deliberating for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as a court reporter reread Cosby's January 2005 interview. One slunk down in their seat, looking angry.
Accuser Constand and their mother sat in the gallery as the interview was read. Gianna Constand wiped away tears at times.
___
5:45 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case appears ready to work late for the third night in a row.
Jurors asked for testimony about a detective's interview with Cosby in early 2005. The comedian acknowledged groping Andrea Constand after giving them pills.
Judge Stephen O'Neill says a court reporter is racing to transcribe that portion of last week's testimony. The jurors ordered strombolis for dinner while they wait.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting Andrea Constand at their home in 2004. They say it was consensual.
The jury has been weighing Cosby's fate for more than 24 hours over three days.
___
3:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has reviewed Andrea Constand's testimony about the night they say the comedian drugged and violated them
Jurors had portions of Constand's testimony read back to them Wednesday. Constand testified last week that Cosby gave their pills, helped them to a couch and groped them without their permission while they were passed out, unable to stop him.
The 79-year-old comedian faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter.
Jurors have deliberated some 21 hours since getting the case Monday.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jurors reviewed only a portion of Andrea Constand's testimony, not the entire transcript.
___
12:55 p.m.
Deliberations at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of their life.
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there, with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch. The panel hasn't had any questions so far Wednesday. They asked four during the first two days of deliberations.
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault. He's accused of drugging and violating a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's lawyers argued that they and the woman, Andrea Constand, were lovers and that the encounter was consensual.
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand's first police report.
___
9:20 a.m.
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago. They say it was consensual.
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault.
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse.
___
9 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial.
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of their spokesperson.
Jurors are deliberating over whether they drugged and assaulted a woman at their home in 2004. They say the encounter was consensual.
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far.
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday, Cosby shouted the "Fat Albert" catchphrase, "Hey, hey, hey" and gave a thumbs-up as they got in their SUV.
___
1:15 a.m.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse. He's drawn throngs of cameras with their updates on Cosby's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nigeria lost $1 trillion to tax evasion by multinationals in 2016 – Osinbajo
The government is ratifying treaties that will help end profit shifting and tax evasion by multinationals.
The post Nigeria lost $1 trillion to tax evasion by multinationals in 2016 – Osinbajo appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A barbecue sandwich with chips and a side of hand cut French fries at Satterfield's are pictured in this 2017 file photo. Telegraph file photo
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy, but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia. It said Russia must be persuaded it would face “unacceptably dire costs” if it were to threaten even limited nuclear attack in Europe.
The sweeping review of U.S. nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons, a position that stands in contrast to President Donald Trump's statement, in a tweet shortly before they took office, that the U.S. “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” In their State of the Union address Tuesday, they made no mention of expansion, though they said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression.
A 74-page report summarizing the review's findings calls North Korea a “clear and grave threat” to the U.S. and its allies. It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the U.S. or its allies will result in “the end of that regime.”
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary, saying the U.S. arsenal is tailored to “prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding” that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia, or that “any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable.”
The Pentagon-led review of the U.S. nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago. In a written statement, Trump said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. In an apparent reference to the threat of catastrophic cyberattack, they said the U.S. aims to strengthen deterrence of major attacks against the U.S. and its allies, including those that “may not come in the form of nuclear weapons.”
Known officially as a nuclear posture review, and customarily done at the outset of a new administration, the report drew blistering criticism from arms control groups.
“President Trump is embarking on a reckless path — one that will reduce U.S. security both now and in the longer term,” said Lisbeth Gronlund, a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists. They said the administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting.
The Trump administration concluded that the U.S. should largely follow its predecessor's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The treaty, negotiated under President Barack Obama, entered into force on Feb. 5, 2011, and its weapons limits must be met by Monday. The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday's deadline. As of Sept. 1, the last date for which official figures are available, Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit, at 1,561.
“Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time, and we have no reason to believe that that won't be the case,” State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday.
The Pentagon's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests, “further progress is difficult to envision,” in light of what the U.S. considers Russia's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals. Administration officials briefed Russian and Chinese officials Friday prior to the review's public release.
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama's in ending their push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defence policy. Like Obama, Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in “extreme circumstances,” while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means. But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons, as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe.
The administration's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe. It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as “escalate to de-escalate,” in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited, conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down.
“Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow's first-use of nuclear weapons,” the review said.
The administration proposes a two-step solution.
First, it would modify “a small number” of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads. John Rood, the undersecretary of defence for policy, declined to provide an estimate of the cost, saying it would be partially included in the 2019 budget that will be submitted to Congress later this month. They said the missile would be fielded “in the near term,” but they refused to be more specific.
Second, “in the longer term,” the administration would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration.
Robert Soofer, a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review, said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons.
“I'm sure they won't respond well,” Soofer said Thursday.
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington, Nikolay Lakhonin, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
—
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
The deceased
The alleged accidental killing of a Ghanaian by a Chinese national at Wassa Akropong in the Wassa Amenfi East District, of the Western Region, has sparked riots in the town.
The Chinese national is said to have accidentally shot and killed the Ghanaian, whose identity is unknown for now.
Assets belonging to the Chinese are said to have been set ablaze by irate youth, who are protesting the death of the victim. About twelve cars are believed to have been burnt so far.
According to eyewitnesses, over eight vehicles belonging to the Chinese have already been set ablaze, whilst other properties are under attack.
Eyewitnesses also say a joint task-force of military and police officers have arrived at the scene trying to take control the situation.
Speaking to Citi News, a local reporter with Rivers FM at Wassa Akropong, narrated that at about 4:30 pm, today [Friday], residents got wind of a brawl between two Chinese at a casino in the town near a filling station.
In the course of the confusion, one of the Chinese allegedly fired a shot from the casino, killing instantly the Ghanaian who was fueling their car at a nearby fuel station.
“I saw the army and police officers, they are around here. But they could not stop what the youth in the town are doing now. They [the youth] are burning the houses around and their cars… the fire service came here but they didn't get the chance to even quench the fire.”
The eyewitness also said the rioting youth were not allowing the overwhelmed security personnel to call for backup.
“I heard one military officer, but they are not allowing anybody to record or to take photos or to make calls. So the guys even warned a military man not to make any calls so they are just standing here. I can see only three military men and four police officers.”
Most of the Chinese nationals in the area allegedly engage in illegal mining activities, popularly known as galamsey.
Defence Minister Domnic Nitiwul says Ghana remains vulnerable to the threat of terror attacks despite indications the country is safe.
They told Parliament Wednesday, “Ghana is not as safe as we think.”
Mr. Nitiwul was contributing to a statement on the floor of parliament by North Tongu MP Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa on global terrorism.
Mr. Nitiwul says the security agencies are increasing patrols along the borders and expanding intelligence sharing as part of efforts to keep the country safe.
They urged citizens to report suspicious activities of persons and groups including religious groups.
While there have been no recent attacks in Ghana, terror groups in West Africa have demonstrated their capability and intent by mounting attacks.
Photo: A terrorist attack on Splendid Hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
In 2015 and 2016 in Côte d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso and Mali, terrorist groups targeted beach resorts, hotels, cafes and restaurants visited by foreigners.
Groups associated with al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), Islamic State of Libya and Islamic State West Africa (ISWA) present a threat to the wider region.
In 2015, a 25-year-old graduate of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) Nazir Nortei Alema left the country to join the swelling ranks of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a terrorist organisation.
With a degree in Geography and Rural Development, they are one of the 10 suspected Muslim youth from Ghana who have finally taken the decision to join the terrorist grouping,
Mohammed Nazir Nortei Alema was reportedly killed in battle in the Syrian city of Homs in 2016.
According to sources close to the family, another Ghanaian ISIS recruit who gave their name as Mr Yusif, a graduate of the University of Mines in Prestea, announced Mr Nazir's death to the family through an email.
A bicyclist who claims they were hurt in last week's deadly bridge collapse in Miami filed the first civil lawsuit Monday in the case, accusing builders of reckless negligence.
Marquise Hepburn, 24, is suing various design and engineering companies involved, including Munilla Construction Management and partner FIGG Bridge Engineers.
Hepburn was biking to work Thursday afternoon just as the 950-ton span buckled onto busy Southwest Eighth Street, their attorney, Matt Morgan, said at a news conference. A car veered into Hepburn's path to avoid being entrapped, they added, knocking them off of their bicycle and leaving them caught amid the rubble.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Victims of the Florida bridge collapse have been identified 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Morgan did not detail Hepburn's injuries, but said they were hospitalized and is now on a variety of medication.
"He remains in a bad way and he's recovering," Morgan said.
Hepburn is seeking damages in excess of $15,000, although Morgan estimated lawsuits could top $1 billion in claims.
This initial suit in Miami-Dade Circuit Court comes as investigators work to unravel what caused the tragedy — and follows the revelation that a FIGG engineer working on the bridge warned state officials two days earlier that they had seen cracks in the concrete structure.
The warning was left in a voicemail that was only heard Friday because the recipient of the call had been out of the office on assignment, the Florida Department of Transportation said.
Related: Police believe all victims found in Florida bridge collapse
MCM and FIGG did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the lawsuit, but have previously said they are working with investigators.
Six people died and eight people were injured in the collapse, according to officials.
Morgan said their client's case hinges on what officials knew about the span's integrity and "why were vehicles allowed to travel underneath that bridge if the bridge might have been in a vulnerable state?"
The section of walkway was dropped into place March 10, but wasn't scheduled to open until 2019, when it would have connected Florida International University with the town of Sweetwater.
The university did not design or build the bridge, but awarded the contract as part of a federal transportation grant.
Recovery operations continue Saturday morning, March 17, 2018, at the site of the Florida International University-Sweetwater University bridge in the Miami area that collapsed during construction earlier in the week. Pedro Portal / Miami Herald via AP
The 174-foot-long section was part of a larger bridge being built that was designed to withstand hurricane-force winds. The method of "accelerated bridge construction" that was being used is considered innovative because it allows a bridge to be assembled on site in a short amount of time with minimal traffic disruption.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., told "Meet the Press" on Sunday that the National Transportation Safety Board is testing the salvaged concrete as part of its investigation. They said they couldn't confirm earlier reports that workers were specifically "stress testing" the span at the time of the collapse.
"What we do know is that there was work ongoing. There are these rods that go inside [the bridge], they're like cables, and they were being tightened," Rubio said.
"Whether the work was the cause of it or not remains to be seen," they added.
Students from FIU held a moment of silence Monday afternoon for the six victims. Among those killed was 18-year-old FIU student Alexa Duran, whose uncle has demanded accountability.
"I want people to step up and say, 'Hey, I was the one responsible,'" said Joe Smitha, according to NBC Miami. "Come out of the shadows. Where are you people? This was a colossal failure of the system and this was complete incompetence from the top down."
SAN FRANCISCO — A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, their daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
“I don't know how they died,” their daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . “Did they have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened.”
Roberts, who gave their mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
“We almost hired a private investigator” to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokesperson Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
“We are very concerned how this could have happened,” they said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from their room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before their body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
President Trump officially quit the Paris Agreement on climate change and invoked American business interests as their main reason. But ExxonMobil urged the President to stay in the deal, as did nearly 1100 companies that signed onto a statement to the president.
So, for fact's sake, here's why corporate America isn't on board with the president's decision.
A Templepatrick man has been recognised at the Northern Ireland Dementia Friendly Awards.
Mark Bingham, the man behind the annual musical concert Rock for Alzheimer's at Belfast Empire, took the award for Individual Fundraiser of the Year at the Awards held recently at the Europa Hotel.
The award recognises the achievements of fundraisers who have shown creativity, dedication to the cause and inspired others to unite against dementia whilst raising money for Alzheimer's Society.
The annual fundraising rock event at the Belfast Empire, now in its fifth year, is a collaborative effort between the three rock bands that put on the show - bands who have collectively over the past five years raised over £26,000.
Mark Bingham lost both of their parents to Alzheimer's disease.
In 2013, they signed up for the Kilimanjaro trek in support of the Alzheimer's society. As part of the fundraising effort Mark conceived the idea of a rock concert at a venue their band (Arms of Venus De Milo) played regularly.
Mark said: “It's quite a humbling, but nonetheless uplifting experience to play to the Rock for Alzheimer's crowd, it's a time for everyone to both reflect and let off some steam, while raising valuable funds to support the charity's valuable work.”
On winning their award as individual fundraiser of the year, Mark said: “It's an honour and quite humbling when you hear some of the other contributions other finalists have put in. It's important to highlight Rock for Alzheimer's is a real team effort. We have volunteers from Alzheimer's Society itself, the three bands and the loyal fans who come and support it every year. And of course, not forgetting the Empire who provides the venue for us.”
Bernadine McCrory, Country Director (Northern Ireland) for Alzheimer's Society, said: “It is amazing that Mark has won the individual fundraiser of the year award and it is a testament to their tremendous dementia friendly work. The level of nominations received this year was truly phenomenal and there were some exceptional stories heard at the awards ceremony. All the finalists and winners at the Dementia Friendly Awards have demonstrated how we can unite against dementia and support those affected by the condition.”
This year there were 12 awards across 10 categories, with awards for Dementia Friendly Organisation, Community, Partnership, Dementia Friends Champion, Innovation, Young person's contribution and Inspiring Individual, as well as brand-new categories to celebrate individual and group fundraiser of the year, and journalist of the year.
True or False Quiz
You Bleed Maroon
You love McMaster so much that you know all it's quirky facts! Good for you!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed California Officials Race to Shore Up Reservoir in Danger of Collapse 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A mandatory evacuation affecting nearly 200,000 people around Lake Oroville in California was downgraded to an evacuation warning Tuesday — with the caution that the condition of the dam that imperils the area could still change quickly.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said told the tens of thousands who were forced to leave their homes were free to return, but they urged them "to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change."
An evacuation center at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds will remain open, but all other locations in the county will close, the sheriff's office said.
Evacuees from cities surrounding the Lake Oroville Dam line up for dinner at a shelter Monday in Chico. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Officials were still racing to shore up the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway before more rains can pummel the area and place the structure under even greater stress.
Engineers were trying to lower the water level in Lake Oroville, which lies behind the United States' tallest dam. The dam itself hasn't been damaged, but because the water levels are so high, the emergency spillway had threatened to flood nearby communities if it failed.
Photos: Crippled Oroville Dam Threatens California Gold Rush Town
After authorities rapidly drained water from the lake at 100,000 cubic feet per second and bolstered the area with boulders and reinforcements, the risk has been greatly reduced, Honea said.
The Oroville Dam spillway releases 100,000 cubic feet of water per second down the main spillway in Oroville, California, on Monday. Josh Edelson / AFP - Getty Images
A storm forecast for later this week had threatened to increase the risk of the spillway's failing, but Honea said that with less rain being predicted, the threat wasn't as great as had been thought.
Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Water Resources Department, agreed that the situation had been stabilized and said crews were making "significant gains in removing water from the reservoir, which ... can further reduce the risk to our situation."
Related: Officials Race Against Rains to Prevent California Dam Disaster
In addition to the updated weather forecasts, Honea said the decision to lower the evacuation order was made because of lower lake levels, new inspections and work to shore up the spillway.
Rock is prepped to be used on the Lake Oroville Dam after an evacuation was ordered for communities downstream from the dam, in Oroville, California on Feb. 13, 2017. Jim Urquhart / Reuters
Since the threat of a spillway failure was identified, reinforcing boulders have been placed at the rate of 40 truckloads per hour, and helicopters also moved reinforcements every minute and a half, Croyle said.
Croyle added that design teams were in place to reconstruct parts of the spillway, which was built in the 1960s, and that there would be a seamless transition into rebuilding the infrastructure.
"There's about 125 construction crews on point. So there's a lot of people, a lot of equipment. ... We're not holding back on addressing this issue," they said.
PHOENIX — San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich says Bryn Forbes has “never seen a shot they didn't like.”
There was one in particular that both of them must have loved Saturday night.
Forbes sank their only 3-pointer of the night with 21.5 seconds to play and the severely depleted Spurs held off a fourth-quarter Phoenix rally to beat the Suns 104-101.
“It was our fifth game in seven nights, on the road, had a back-to-back to end it all,” Popovich said. “I thought we were pretty tired, but I thought they hung in as well as they could.”
The Spurs left Pau Gasol and Manu Ginobili home to rest after a victory over Boston on Friday night and had Danny Green (left groin tightness) and Kyle Anderson (left MCL sprain) out with injuries.
Still, they led by as many as 19 points in the third quarter before the Suns came back to take their first lead of the night, 100-99, on Marquese Chriss' breakaway dunk with 1:32 to go after a San Antonio turnover.
Josh Jackson made one of two free throws to boost the Phoenix lead to 101-99 with 29 seconds remaining before Patty Mills got the ball to Forbes, who made their lone 3 in six tries.
“I think every shot is going in,” Forbes said. “He (LaMarcus Aldridge) set a great screen and got me wide open. I couldn't have asked for a better screen. Patty put it right in my shot pocket. That is what they told me to say. They made a great pass.”
Phoenix's Mike James scored 25 points, one shy of their career high, but missed a 3-pointer, the Spurs got the rebound and Mills sank two free throws with 1.6 seconds to play.
Jared Dudley's 3 from the corner went off the side of the backboard at the buzzer.
Mills and Aldridge scored 20 apiece for San Antonio in its fourth straight win and eighth in nine games. T.J. Warren scored 19 of their 24 points in the second half for the Suns, who fell to 0-2 since losing Devin Booker to a left adductor strain that is expected to sideline them two to three weeks.
“Took us 24 minutes to find a group that would play with the right energy,” Phoenix interim coach Jay Triano said. “I mean, we just seemed to be a step slow. You know, I was mixing guys in and out trying to look for offence, defence, anything that would give us some juice and finally got it in the second half.”
San Antonio led by as many as 15 in the first half and 19 in the third quarter before a 12-2 Suns surge to cut the Spurs' lead to 71-69 on Troy Daniels' 3-pointer from the corner with 53 seconds left in the period. But Mills made two 3s in the final 10 seconds of the quarter and San Antonio led 79-71 entering the fourth.
Warren rattled in a 3 to punctuate another 12-2 surge that made it tied it 94-94 for the first time since it was 2-2.
Aldridge said it was good to have to “learn how to execute down the stretch with different guys.”
“A lot of these guys haven't been in that type of moment, haven't been in the game down the stretch,” they said. “We had some mistakes but just helping these guys get better and having them be in those types of moments is something that is going to make us better down the stretch.”
TIP-INS
Spurs: Dejounte Murray tied their career high with 14 rebounds. … Brandon Paul and Forbes each got their second start of the season, Rudy Gay their fourth. … Gasol missed their first game of the season after starting the first 26. … San Antonio had an 18-10 advantage in offensive rebounds.
Suns: Phoenix starters scored four points in first quarter on 1-for-7 shooting. … Suns have lost 11 of last 12 against the Spurs. Their lone win in that span came last season in Mexico City.
UP NEXT
Spurs: Kawhi Leonard could make their season debut at Dallas on Tuesday night.
Suns: At Sacramento on Tuesday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Presley Hudson scored 28 points and No. 11 seed Central Michigan stunned No. 3 Ohio State 95-78 on Monday night to earn the school's first ever trip to the Sweet 16.
Cassie Breen threw the ball high in the air as the clock wound down and the joyous Central Michigan players jumped, screamed and hugged as they celebrated the biggest win in school history.
The Chippewas had won their first tournament game ever in Saturday's first-round upset of No. 6 Louisiana State. With the upset of Ohio State, they advance to face No. 2 Oregon in Spokane, Washington, on Saturday.
Central Michigan (30-4) out-rebounded and out-hustled Ohio State, played taut defence, hit a season-high 14 3-pointers and kept the Buckeyes at bay late in the game.
The Chippewas got plenty of help in the upset from the unusually error-prone Buckeyes, who got behind in the first half and then were run over by momentum and couldn't climb back in. Central Michigan led by as much as 23 points in the second half as Ohio State struggled to put together a run that would shift the tide.
All-American guard Kelsey Mitchell led Ohio State (28-7) with 28 points but hit just 11 of their 29 shots from the floor. Mitchell ended their storied career as the second-leading scorer in NCAA history, but it was wasted as the Buckeyes were denied their third straight trip to the Sweet 16. Mitchell passed Jackie Stiles and finished with 3,402 points.
Breen had 22 points, and Tinara Moore added 20 points and 10 rebounds in Central Michigan's balanced attack.
Ohio State seniors Mitchell, Stephanie Mavunga, Linnae Harper and Asia Doss will move on, leaving coach Kevin McGuff with a rebuilding job. The players talked about making the most of their last NCAA run together, but they were run over by the Mid-American Conference champions on Monday.
Mavunga had 16 points and 15 rebounds, and Harper added 14 points.
Mitchell finished their career with a 3-pointer in an NCAA record 92 straight games.
BIG PICTURE
Central Michigan: The aggressive and balanced MAC team blows by the Buckeyes and then keeps up the pressure in the second half to extend their best ever tournament run. The Chippewas were joined in the Sweet 16 by fellow MAC school Buffalo, which knocked off No. 3 seed Florida State.
Ohio State: Mitchell gets their game going a little too late and their teammates look discombobulated for much of the evening. The Buckeyes hurt themselves as much as Central Michigan dominated them.
UP NEXT
Central Michigan moves on to play Oregon next Saturday in Spokane, Washington.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
——
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
PINELLAS PARK, Fla. (WFLA) – A package was stolen from a home in Pinebrook Estates neighborhood of Pinellas Park by someone who may have been canvassing the area, and the entire ordeal was captured on video.
Jeff Nuce, the homeowner said a stranger drove past their house multiple times before parking their car in the driveway.
“This is basically them pulling in here and just getting out like they live here,” said Nuce when they showed us the video.
The culprit spotted a box sitting outside of the home. Video shows them get out of their car, leave the car door open and casually walk to the front door.
“There they go. They got everything they needed apparently,” said Nuce.
Nuce was expecting a package from Amazon on Friday night, but the strange man got to it first.
“It was one of those things where you see it on TV all the time and you are just thinking to yourself this is not happening to me,” says Nuce. “I got porch-pirated. That is what they call it I guess.”
But the jokes on the suspect, Nuce said. “The funny thing about it is they actually got away with a couple of bags of zip ties and a couple of bags of little key rings that you put on your keys.”
The items cost Nuce about $30. They planned to use them to secure a baseball net at a local high school.
“I have signs. I have cameras up. I have everything telling them this is probably not the house you want to hit,” said Nuce.
Fortunately, Amazon is refilling their order, but Nuce is no longer having packages delivered to their home.
“I own my own business so I have a UPS box but I also heard the gas stations now have the boxes where Amazon stuff can be delivered,” said Nuce. “You can go directly to the UPS store and pick it up there [too].”
They reported the incident to the Pinellas Park Police Department.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
WASHINGTON — Two members of Congress suggested on Wednesday that they and their staff members should carry guns in the wake of the shooting attack that wounded Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and others.
“You look at the vulnerability, I can assure you from this day forward, I have a carry permit, I will be carrying when I'm out and about,” Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY), a close ally of President Trump in Congress, said in an interview with WKBW.
According to Collins, this was not their usual practice, but the attack prompted them to take a new approach.
“On a rare occasion I'd have my gun in the glove box or something, but it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward,” Collins said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hodgkinson's Friend: I Just Want People to Know They Aren't Evil 1:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the Republicans who was present at the shooting, Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-GA), raised the issue as well, saying one of their aides could have had a “clear shot” at the gunman if they had a weapon.
“If this had happened in Georgia, they wouldn't have gotten too far,” Loudermilk told reporters, according to the Washington Post. “I had a staff member who was in their car maybe 20 yards behind the shooter, who was pinned in their car, who back in Georgia carries a 9-millimeter in their car.”
Loudermilk suggested Washington's stricter gun laws discouraged members and their staff from carrying firearms and that Congress should consider "some kind of reciprocity" for members with permission to carry a weapon at home. Virginia, where the shooting happened, has more permissive laws regarding firearms.
CES holds the stage as the largest global gathering of tech and innovation, but this year's keynote speaker lineup has people frustrated and speaking out against the trade show. The 2018 list of chief executive keynote speakers lacks any mention of women; and, of the six men featured, five of them are white.
This is the second year in a row the keynote schedule has lacked gender diversity, and several high-level names in tech took to social media to voice their concern. Twitter's CMO, Leslie Berland, tweeted, “I've got a long list of amazing women to hit your stage. Let's talk. #changetheratio.”
Hey @CES. Big respect for what you've built. Please do better here. I've got a long list of amazing women to hit your stage . Let's talk. #changetheratio https://t.co/OlUxi8zzlT — Leslie Berland (@leslieberland) December 3, 2017
JPMorgan Chase's CMO, Kristen Lemkau, came up with a batch of “amazing women innovators in tech and media would slay any keynote anywhere,” noting that making such a list took them “less time than it took to drink coffee.”
Amazing women innovators in tech and media who would slay any keynote anywhere. Came up with these in less time than it took to drink coffee. In no particular order...
Other ideas? pic.twitter.com/jnpFKGWHzW — Kristin Lemkau (@KLemkau) December 3, 2017
Women aren't the only ones who have been speaking up; HP's Antonio Lucio called for “No panel without females. No event without females and people of color keynotes!” and Brad Jakeman, PepsiCo's Global Beverage Group's former president, called on CES directly to address the problem:
@CES one more time- please address this. And by addressing it, we don't mean pointing out that there are lots of women in the less prominent speaking spots. Not good enough. We expect AT LEAST 50% female/POC keynote line-up. #changetheratio #diversity https://t.co/FhatTSwGn7 — BradJakeman (@BradJakeman) December 4, 2017
Karen Chupka, CES's Senior Vice President, told NBC News the organization uses two criteria when looking for their keynote speakers: Speakers must have "a global responsibility for their company” and they also “have to be a visionary, talking about what's happening in the future of tech.”
There were roughly 275 female speakers on smaller stages at CES last year, according to Chupka, with "similar numbers" expected for 2018. Nancy Dubuc, president and CEO of A&E Networks, has just been confirmed as a keynote speaker, Chupka told NBC News.
Tarah Wheeler, an information security researcher and author of “Women in Tech,” said, “Having women on stage communicates more strongly than any words that they can speak that to the girls and women sitting in the audience at those conferences: ‘You're not alone and you can get here too.'”
The underlying problem, said Wheeler, is that women simply aren't hired, developed, and promoted at the same level as men in tech. They noted that they had experienced situations in which she's been asked to speak at a conference, but on a smaller stage for “diversity speakers.”
“It feels like a punch in the gut to realize that 'diversity' in that moment was being treated like a checkbox,” said Wheeler. “That's not the approach you want to take when you try to fix a problem.”
By Abby Hassler
Friday night (April 14), Lorde held a surprise performance at Pappy & Harriet's, a small western-themed bar 20 miles outside of Coachella, where they debuted new music, including a song called “Sober” from their upcoming album.
The show was the singer's first live performance in two years and only about 300 fans were at the event. The setlist for this show included “Homemade Dynamite,” but it was crossed off and not performed.
Related: Watch Lorde as a Hard-Rocking 12-Year-Old
However, two days later, Lorde took the main stage at Coachella and performed both “Sober” and “Homemade Dynamite.” Them new album, Melodrama, is scheduled for release June 16.
Lorde's Coachella setlist:
TORONTO — The Toronto Blue Jays honoured the victims of Monday's deadly van attack, and the first responders who rushed to the scene of the tragedy, with a brief tribute before Tuesday night's game against the Boston Red Sox.
Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitching mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
A blue banner reading “#TORONTOSTRONG” was hung from the second deck in centre field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate.
Ten people were killed and 14 injured when a driver plowed a rented van into a on along a crowded sidewalk. It was the worst mass killing in Canada since Dec. 6, 1989, when a man shot 14 women at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal before turning the gun on himself.
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons called news of Monday's attack “brutal,” while Red Sox manager Alex Cora said “it makes you sick just to think about it.”
Commissioner Rob Manfred, who happened to be in Toronto on Tuesday, said Major League Baseball was “devastated” by the events.
“You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time,” Manfred said about two hours before the first pitch. “I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city.”
NASCAR issued a rules bulletin Friday and the phrase “encumbered finish” was crossed off in a section on penalties, marking the end of a word that was reviled by fans and many in the sport.
Before celebrating too much, understand that while the term might not be used, the penalty will remain. Section 12.5.2.6.2 notes that should a team receive an L1 of L2 penalty during the race or after it, they still face the fact that the finish will not count toward playoff eligibility, playoff points, advancement in the playoffs and determining the champion and other three finishers among the final four drivers in the title race.
In a sign of how hard it is to let go, the phrase “encumbered finish” still remains in multiple areas of Section 17 of the rule book (Points and Point Funds) when referencing that particular penalty.
Among a few other notes from the rules bulletin:
If a wheel is improperly installed and comes off after exiting the team's assigned pit stall, the crew chief, tire changer responsible and jack man each will be suspended four races. Adding the jack man to those suspended for such a violation is new.
All L1 and L2 penalties discovered in pre-race may consist of a points deduction, and/or suspension of the crew chief and/or other team members, and/or fines. NASCAR may issue a points deduction less than the minimum outlined in the Minimum Penalty Options Chart.
Any engine that starts a race and completes 25 percent of the laps, or at NASCAR's discretion, will qualify as a sealed engine for its next use. If a short block sealed engine is found to have any rule infractions when it is inspected, any resulting penalties will be imposed against every team that competed with that same short block sealed engine. If the same team used the short block sealed engine for multiple events, the penalty will be applied to each event separately.
If an individual or a team wishes to appeal an L1, L2, Safety or Member Conduct Penalty, they must make a written request for a hearing to the National Motorsports Appeals Panel within three business days of the penalty notice being issued. Previously, individuals and teams had to make a written request within 10 business days.
If a team member is ejected from an event, that position on the roster cannot be filled for that event.
If a car does not pass the rear wheel steer inspection after qualifying, the car's time is disallowed. If a car does not pass the rear wheel steer after the race, the L1 penalty is a $65,000 fine, loss of 35 driver and owner points and a three-race suspension for the crew chief. Rear wheel steer will be among the areas examined by the new Hawkeye inspection system.
No Goodyear tire tests are scheduled this year for the Xfinity Series.
Cup teams will have a new right side at Las Vegas, Bristol and Talladega in the first third of the season. Cup teams will have a new left-side tire at Auto Club Speedway, Texas, Kansas, Charlotte and Pocono in the first third of the season.
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
PRESS RELEASE | Media Contact: Amber Ducote, Amber@IBRAracing.com
To bring the Village of West End, Grand Bahama Island, and The Bahamas the most positive economic impact, International Boat Racing Association announces the postponement of the West End Invitational. Originally set for April 19, 2017, the West End Invitational is now scheduled for October 6-8, 2017.
International Boat Racing Association's number one commitment has been and will always be to make the most positive impact on our host communities and committed sponsors possible. With this in mind, the West End Invitational will enjoy much more preparation and promotion to bring tourism, fresh capital and the fastest action the beautiful waters of the Village of West End have ever seen. The additional lead time will ensure a bigger and faster event for all!
The International Boat Racing Association thanks the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism for their support of the postponement. IBRA also thanks our committed sponsors Environmental Manufacturing Solutions, Old Bahama Bay Resort and Yacht Harbour, Commonwealth Brewing Limited, Coca-Cola, and Island Coast Charters. Most of all, International Boat Racing Association thanks the residents of the Village of West End for their continued support and hopes to serve the community with the most stellar event imaginable October 6-8, 2017.
LOS ANGELES — Southern California won its final nine games last season after losing at Utah in quarterback Sam Darnold's first start.
The No. 14 Trojans will aim for another streak after falling at No. 11 Washington State. They play lowly Oregon State on Saturday. Coach Clay Helton has spent the last week emphasizing that every goal USC wants to accomplish can still be achieved.
“For us as a team, we're in a great situation right now. You are always trying to improve year in, year out, and I remember this time last year we're sitting at 2-3,” Helton said.
But to meet those expectations, injury-riddled USC (4-1, 2-1 Pac-12) will need to get healthy. Right guard Viane Talamaivao is out for the season with a torn pectoral muscle that requires surgery, and their likely replacement, first-year student Andrew Vorhees, was held out of practice Thursday with a tight back. However, he's still expected to play.
Right tackle Chuma Edoga is doubtful with a high-ankle sprain. The list of bumps and bruises seems to get longer every week.
Helton couldn't help but ruefully laugh when recounting how linebacker Jordan Iosefa and wide receiver Jalen Greene were injured when they accidentally collided during pregame warmups against the Cougars.
“I've never seen it in 23 years,” Helton said. “It was a bad deal. We've had some bad luck lately. That's about as much as I can take as far as injuries go.”
USC will handle those injuries without a bye week during the regular season. The struggling Beavers (1-4, 0-2) might be the closest thing to a win because of their own injury woes. Running back Ryan Nall is a game-time decision after spraining their ankle in a loss to Washington last week, and quarterback Jake Luton remains out indefinitely with a thoracic spine fracture.
Redshirt junior Darrell Garretson will start for Oregon State. In nine games since transferring from Utah State, Garretson has completed 50.6 per cent of their passes for 711 yards, four touchdowns and four interceptions.
Oregon State has been outscored 200-71 in its four games against FBS teams. However, USC said it is not overlooking a team that will be desperate for an upset.
“USC is a lot of people's Super Bowl, especially a team like Oregon State, so we just got to stick to what we do,” USC safety Chris Hawkins said.
Here are some things to watch as the Trojans and Beavers meet for the first time since 2014:
DARNOLD'S DOLDRUMS: Darnold threw for 164 yards against Washington State, their lowest total as a starter. Some of that can be attributed to an offensive line playing most of the game without three starters and facing a strong Washington State pass rush. Plus there's been turnover at wide receiver. Darnold will have reinforcements in both areas as left tackle Toa Lobendahn and wide receiver Steven Mitchell Jr. will return to the lineup this week. Lobendahn didn't play at Washington State due to a skin infection that required intravenous antibiotics. Mitchell has missed the last two games with a groin injury.
LA COLISEUM: Oregon State hasn't beaten USC in Los Angeles since 1960 and has lost 23 straight games at the Coliseum. Only five of those games have been decided by one possession, while USC has been ranked in the Top 25 in all but six of those meetings.
TYNER TIME: With Nall's status in doubt, senior running back Thomas Tyner could be in line for their most significant workload since playing for in-state rival Oregon against Ohio State in the 2015 national championship game. Tyner medically retired from the Ducks after shoulder surgery sidelined them for the 2015 season before transferring to Oregon State in May. A former five-star recruit, Tyner has rushed for 72 yards and one touchdown on 15 carries in three games this season. During two seasons at Oregon, Tyner rushed for 1,284 yards and 14 touchdowns, including 124 yards and two touchdowns in the 2015 Rose Bowl win over Florida State.
MISCUES: Oregon State has turned the ball over 14 times this season, the second-worst total in the FBS ahead of only San Jose State. Even worse, opponents have turned those four interceptions and 10 fumbles lost into 79 points (10 touchdowns, three field goals). The only time Oregon State hasn't allowed a score after turning the ball over came last week against the Huskies, when safety David Morris intercepted a pass to get the ball back after running back Artavis Pierce fumbled.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Matt Holliday and Aaron Judge homered to support Jordan Montgomery's first Major League win and run the Yankees' winning streak to eight games in a 7-4 victory over the White Sox on Monday night at Yankee Stadium.
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
Twitter is firing back after the social platform received a scathing review of its presentation to congressional staffers on Thursday who are probing Russian interference in last year's U.S. presidential election.
"We brought the committees a wide range of information we proactively gathered, including inquiries into what Facebook shared with us and beyond," Twitter spokesperson Emily Horne told NBC News.
This included information about measures they took during the 2016 campaign to tackle misinformation, details about how Twitter fights bots and spam on the network, and the disclosure that Kremlin-linked news outlet RT spent $274,100 on Twitter ads last year.
"The committees had not requested any specific information from us; we did this proactively, to demonstrate the kinds of inquiries we can do when we have parameters," they said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Twitter execs meet with Congressional investigators over Russia influence 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Twitter's vice president for public policy, Colin Crowell, met behind closed-doors Thursday with staff members from the intelligence committees from both the Senate and the House, the company said in a blog post.
After the meeting, Senator Mark Warner, D-Va., the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said they were "deeply disappointed" and called Twitter's response "frankly inadequate on almost every level."
Related: Twitter's Response to Russia Inquiry ‘Inadequate,' Democratic Senator Says
Twitter released its longest public response to the Russian inquiry on Thursday, detailing some of what it told Congress in a blog post, while noting that some information could not be publicly shared.
The company said it removed 201 accounts linked to the same Russian operatives who used Facebook to spread misinformation during the election.
Twitter was able to link the accounts it removed to Russian entities through an internal review of roughly 450 accounts shared by Facebook, the blog post said. Those groups had 22 corresponding Twitter accounts, while 179 more accounts were linked to them.
The company's response comes as Congress is placing more scrutiny on technology companies to answer questions in the Russian meddling probe.
Facebook is in the process of handing over 3,000 advertisements to special counsel Robert Mueller and Congress, including payment data and details on how Russian entities targeted voters through Facebook's system.
Representatives from Facebook and Twitter have also been invited to testify at an open hearing before Congress regarding the Russian investigation.
‘Remember the Victims': Ark. Governor's Office Weighs in as Executions Blocked
Governor Asa Hutchinson's spokesperson said families of those killed by men on death row have been expecting justice for decades.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Thousands of North Carolina residents were allowed to return home Wednesday after a landslide caused by heavy rains prompted mandatory evacuations near a dam, officials said.
Residents living below Lake Tahoma, in western North Carolina, were ordered to leave around 1 a.m. ET Wednesday after the Tahoma Dam was inspected by an engineer and officials determined that the landslide had compromised its integrity.
"Act now to preserve your life," urged a tweet from the National Weather Service office in Greenville-Spartanburg, South Carolina.
MCDOWELL COUNTY UPDATE: A landslide has comprised the integrity of Lake Tahoma Dam. MANDATORY EVACUATIONS underway from the Dam at Lake Shore Dr to Lake Tahoma Rd (NC 80) to the confluence of the Catawba River near Resistoflex Rd and Riverside Park. ACT NOW TO PRESERVE YOUR LIFE! — NWS GSP (@NWSGSP) May 30, 2018
In the early hours of Wednesday morning, officials in McDowell County reported widespread flooding after heavy rainfall of 4 to 6 inches over the past 24 hours, the National Weather Service said. "This is causing significant and life-threatening flooding countywide," it said.
The flooding was triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto, the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season.
The flash flooding emergency expired at 10:30 a.m. Around the same time, officials lifted the mandatory evacuation order after deeming the dam safe.
Earlier, the National Weather Service said a flash flood emergency was in place for McDowell County, which includes the city of Marion, home to around 7,800 people, and Old Fort, population 900.
Residents living below Lake Tahoma in North Carolina were ordered to evacuate. Bing Maps
It added: "Floodwaters have reached levels not seen since the September 2004 floods associated with Hurricanes Frances and Ivan. Numerous evacuations of residences, businesses and campgrounds; road closures; water rescues; and landslides are ongoing."
William Kehler, McDowell County's emergency services director, told NBC News that several thousand people lived in the evacuation zone.
Lake Tahoma is about five miles northwest of Marion, which is about 36 miles east of Asheville.
There were no casualties reported from the floods. North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said in a statement that two state Department of Transportation workers were swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County as they worked to clear debris from a previous mudslide, but they managed to stand on a truck that had fallen into the Catawba River until they were rescued. Cooper declared a state of emergency for western North Carolina on Wednesday.
McDowell county emergency management reports water is spilling around the sides of Lake Tahoma dam. Evacuations ongoing south of the dam. THIS IS A LIFE-THREATENING SITUATION. HEED ALL EVACUATION ORDERS IMMEDIATELY! If you are not threatened by floodwaters, shelter in place. — NWS GSP (@NWSGSP) May 30, 2018
Alberto has hit multiple states. Flash flood watches were in effect early Wednesday for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
A mudslide shut down three lanes of traffic on Interstate 40 in North Carolina overnight. WCNC
A television news anchor and a photojournalist covering the weather in North Carolina were killed Monday when an uprooted tree toppled onto their SUV in North Carolina.
NBC affiliate WYFF of Greenville said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer were killed.
Listen to “SkySync / Citrix Ready – Integrating On-Premises Storage with ShareFile Podcast – Episode 267” on Spreaker.
In episode 267, Douglas Brown interviews Steve Woodward, CTO of SkySync and Anil Kumar, Technical Marketing Lead for Citrix Ready. Together we discuss the SkySync middleware technology that tightly integrates your on-premises storage with ShareFile. Steve, Anil, and Douglas discuss how it works, the problems they solve, why we should care and much more.
About SkySync
SkySync is a powerful middleware technology that tightly integrates your on-premises storage platform with ShareFile. Fully synchronize, migrate or backup your files to ShareFile while preserving the complete integrity of folder structures, permissions, document versions and other file-related artifacts.
SkySync automatically manages file naming requirements, security and permission models, eliminating major integration hurdles with zero coding.
BENEFITS
Integrate ShareFile with your existing IT infrastructure.
Enables cloud-based collaboration and distribution of on-premises content.
Provides users with access to files from corporate storage systems.
Leverage storage systems that meet functional or compliance requirements.
Back-up content to enable business continuity and disaster recovery.
SKYSYNC SECURITY
SkySync is installed behind your firewall, on-premises or within your private cloud (such as Azure or AWS) and has absolutely no impact upon your existing security model.
KEY FEATURES
Automatic file name transformation
Configurable conflict resolution and delete propagation
Preserves document versions and file ownership
Filter by file type, date and date range
Exception controls
Bandwidth control
Pre- and Post-Job Analysis
History and audit reporting
ADVANCED FEATURES
User Home-Drive Linking
Permissions Migration
Author Preservation
Advanced Folder Grouping
SCALABILITY & PERFORMANCE
Completely transparent to end-users, SkySync is designed for System Administrators. It is a Windows service that can be deployed on a server, clustered-servers or VM(s).
SkySync can leverage the native Windows CE database or SQL when optimal performance, transfer auditing and/or larger file transfer volumes (10m+ files/folders) are required.
Download a no-cost, 14-day trial today. For more information, http://skysync.com/product/
About Steve Woodward
Steve Woodward, CTO of Portal Architects, is a 24-year veteran in the Information Technology field, focusing primarily on web technology, workflow, imaging and ECM solutions. They have designed, built, and delivered ECM applications for several Fortune 500 companies including some of the country's largest insurance and financial institutions.
About Citrix Ready
Citrix Ready identifies recommended solutions that are trusted to enhance the Citrix Delivery Center infrastructure. All products featured in Citrix Ready have completed verification testing, thereby providing confidence in joint solution compatibility. Leveraging its industry leading alliances and partner ecosystem, Citrix Ready showcases select trusted solutions designed to meet a variety of business needs. Through the online catalog and Citrix Ready branding program, you can easily find and build a trusted infrastructure. Citrix Ready not only demonstrates current mutual product compatibility, but through continued industry relationships also ensures future interoperability.
Learn more at https://citrixready.citrix.com
About Douglas A. Brown
Douglas Brown is the Founder and President of DABCC, Inc. Doug has more than 20 years of experience in virtualization, cloud, and server based computing technologies and markets. DABCC is the first and most visited website dedicated to all elements of virtualization and features news and resources.
Prior to DABCC, Doug worked at Citrix Systems, Inc. as a Senior Systems Engineer from 2001 to 2004 where they developed the leading Citrix deployment system, “Methodology in a Box”, which has more than a million users. Additionally, their peers and management at Citrix named Doug Systems Engineer of the Year in 2002. From 2005 to 2016, Doug was awarded the Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) by Microsoft Corporation for their contributions to the industry. They have also been acknowledged with the Citrix Technology Professional (CTP) and VMware vEXPERT awards for their continued support in the IT community. Doug speaks at leading industry events and has been a prolific author over the past 20 years.
Mr. Brown is also host of the #1 rated virtualization and cloud podcast show, DABCC Radio and DABCC TV.
Follow Douglas on Twitter at http://twitter.com/douglasabrown
Connect on LinkedIn here, https://www.linkedin.com/in/dabcc
Download the above podcast to your Apple device or any tablet / phone using the DABCC Radio RSS feed!
If it seems there are a lot more animals in airports — and on airplanes — these days, you're not imagining it.
More than 30 airports around the country now have regular programs that bring certified pet therapy dogs and their handlers into the terminals to mingle with passengers and help ease the stress of traveling.
At both Mineta San Jose International Airport (the first airport to have an official pet therapy program) and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, they're called the K9 crew. At Los Angeles International Airport the PUP (Pets Unstressing Passengers) team roams the concourses. And at Denver International Airport it's the Canine Airport Therapy Squad (CATS) that welcomes passengers to hug, hang out and get their pictures taken with dogs wearing "Pet Me" vests.
During 2016, some airport pet therapy teams broadened their membership beyond dogs.
Last summer, when passengers were encountering excessively long lines at security checkpoints at many airports around the country, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport began welcoming miniature therapy horses and their handlers to visit several times a month.
And as the winter holiday travel season went into high gear, two airports announced that pigs were joining their pet therapy teams.
LiLou, a Juliana-breed pig, joined San Francisco International Airport's Wag Brigade to add "more moments of surprise and delight for guests at our airport," said Christopher Birch, SFO's Director-Guest Experience, on LiLou's first day on the job.
Lilou, the pig will be at #sfo on 12/26/16 at 12 pm in T3. Please be patient, give them space, and always ask their mom before touching LiLou. pic.twitter.com/nekpaxYxXh — flySFO (@flySFO) December 26, 2016
And a pot-bellied pig named Bacon Bits is now part of Albany International Airport's Canine Ambassador program.
More animals in the air
Of course, not all the animals you see in airport terminals these days are just there to be petted.
According to the American Pet Products Association, there are around 77 million pet dogs and 85 million pet cats in the United States — and a growing number of their owners take them along when they travel by air.
And when they fly as carry-on passengers in the cabin, those pets need to have tickets.
On Alaska Airlines and JetBlue, the domestic fee for a pet in the cabin is $100 each way. On American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines, its $125 each way. Frontier Airlines charges $75 each way, and on Southwest the fee is $95 each way.
In some cases, more than one small pet can travel in a pet carrier (and avoid an extra fee), but some airlines will tack on an extra fee if there's a stopover of more than four hours.
Snakes on a plane?
The costs to take a pet on a plane can add up, which may be part of the reason an increasing number of passengers are claiming that their animals aren't just pets but official service or "emotional support" animals which, by law, get to fly for free.
Like Frontier Airlines, which had an issue earlier this year with a passenger's emotional support marmoset, each airline website lists very specific conditions under which they will accept service animals or therapeutic/emotional support animals on their plane.
An official identification card and/or a written statement from a mental health professional is usually required, but many websites make it easy for pet owners to acquire 'fake' documentation — for a fee.
"It doesn't matter if it's a duck or a mini horse, as long as a passenger has the correct paperwork, they're allowed to fly with an emotional support animal and nobody can say anything about it," said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole, author of Cruising Attitude.
Poole says it's not a flight attendant's job to determine which passengers are flying with true support animals or which ones have simply secured paperwork to avoid paying a fee for their pet to fly, but "I can spot a fake emotional support animal a mile away," said Poole. "It's usually growling or barking at other support animals. That, or it's dressed nicer than its owner."
2017 may bring changes — or at least some clarification — in how airlines and passengers define service or emotional support animals.
While noting that its ACCESS Advisory Committee was unable to reach agreement on updated rules regarding service animals, the U.S. Department of Transportation recently said it intends to draft its own rules.
"The guide dog and animal training groups all agree this is a problem, so does the community," said Eric Lipp of the Open Doors Organization. "One solution floated is to have a national registry and certification for service animals so they are given ID. The DOT could also fine a passenger and make big news. That would help, but who wants to do that?"
In 2008, Cabot Oil and Gas started fracking operations in Dimock, Pennsylvania. It was around that time the community started noticing their water was turning brown and making people and animals sick. One woman's water well exploded. Fracking had come to town.
It's a familiar story in other rural communities—from Pennsylvania to Montana and Texas—where fracking has contaminated drinking water resources and emitted toxic air pollution associated with higher rates of asthma, birth defects, and cancer.
But the story is similar in other communities where fracking or other extreme fossil fuel extraction isn't happening. Air and drinking water that's been dangerously polluted from industrial operations affect communities across Iowa, including the state's largest city, Des Moines. Polluting facilities are operating in Central Oregon, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Maryland. None of those places are fracking, but they are hosted to another environmental hazard facing rural communities: factory farms.
Like the fossil fuel cartel, this highly consolidated industry prioritizes profits at the cost of our environment. Factory farms are an industrial model for producing animals for food where thousands of cows, pigs, or birds are raised in confinement in a small area. While farms can and do apply manure as a fertilizer to cropland, factory farms produce more manure than nearby fields can absorb, leading to runoff into surface waters and contaminants leaching into groundwater. And storing concentrated quantities of manure releases toxins like ammonia and hydrogen sulfide into the air, threatening nearby communities—and even leading to worker deaths. The nearly half a million dairy cows on factory farms in Tulare County, California, produce five times as much waste as the New York City metropolitan area and carries chemical additives and pathogens like E. coli, many of which are antibiotic resistant.
Factory farms are also an issue of environmental injustice. In North Carolina counties that contain hog factory farms, schools with larger percentages of students of color, and those with greater shares of students receiving free lunches are located closer to hog farms than whiter and more affluent schools. Just like with fossil fuel infrastructure, these toxic facilities are more likely to be in places that are the least able to resist their development.
Another thing factory farms have in common with fossil fuels: They are a danger to the climate. Livestock production contributes 14.5 percent of all human-caused greenhouse gas emissions. Methane emissions from the digestive processes of cattle contribute 39 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions from livestock production, and manure storage and processing contribute 10 percent. Additionally, monoculture crops like corn and soy are a hallmark of our highly consolidated food system and are one of the reasons we can raise mass quantities of livestock. These crops contribute nearly half of the emissions from the sector. Meanwhile, more sustainable meat production methods like smaller farms and grass-fed operations may have lower greenhouse gas emissions than factory farms. Without a rapid transition away from factory farming, we will not avoid catastrophic climate change.
We can't shop our way out of the damage that is being done to our environment .
Yet attempts to regulate factory farms have been weak-kneed and ineffective. For example, federal law requires they report significant releases of toxic pollutants like ammonia. But the Environmental Protection Agency actually does little to monitor, much less prevent, these emissions. In 2009, for example, the agency rolled back regulations so that only the largest facilities had to report these emissions—and only to local, not national, emergency response officials. In 2018 Congress went even further, granting an exemption from reporting requirements for air emissions created by manure on farms. Similarly, the EPA does not collect comprehensive data on factory farm size or location, making oversight impossible. And while the Clean Water Act regulates water pollution from industrial facilities, the EPA has looked the other way; the agency estimated in 2011 that less than half of the facilities required to get discharge permits had actually obtained them.
Calls to ban fracking have been proliferating since we have found that it is too dangerous to simply regulate. The inherent risks to our environment, our climate, and our communities are simply too much.
Now, we need to say the same thing about factory farms. Both industries are putting rural communities at risk so that large polluting companies can become larger and more profitable. Climate advocates who are already facing down the fossil fuel industry should find common cause with those who are fighting to stop industrial agriculture in their community.
Systemic change is needed. We can't shop our way out of the damage that is being done to our environment by simply choosing to reduce meat consumption or ride bikes to work. While these are meaningful steps, we must also demand policy action. It's time to reverse the decades of pro-industry policy that have made Big Ag and Big Energy bigger and badder, and create policies that start phasing out pollution from agriculture and energy.
We know how to do it: We need to demand meaningful laws and regulations—including bans on new polluting factory farms and fossil fuel infrastructure—that prioritize people over profit. This is already happening at the state level in places like Iowa, but we need to work at all levels, starting now, to enact the changes we need to protect our environment, our water, and our communities.
