A rule in the original software, released in 2009, limited the number of transactions that could move through the system to about five a second.
In the last two years, an outspoken group of Bitcoin aficionados wanted to see the currency expand quickly to compete with Visa and PayPal.
But that camp faced opposition from the so-called core developers, a few dozens programmers who maintain the basic Bitcoin software, generally on a volunteer basis.
At the end of July, some of the people who wanted Bitcoin to expand quickly broke off and created a rival digital money, known as Bitcoin Cash, that can handle more frequent transactions.
That new currency has attracted a small following, and retained a relatively stable value around $300.
Most Bitcoin investors and companies, however, have stayed with the original Bitcoin network and the core developers who are working on it.
The core developers have come up with their own solution to increase the number of transactions running through the system, known as Segregated Witness, or SegWit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While SegWit does not expand the network as quickly as Bitcoin Cash, it makes it easier to build services on top of the Bitcoin network, such as the so-called Lightning Network, that will allow for faster transactions.
The biggest backers of the network agreed last week to proceed with SegWit, and it is that agreement, on scaling the network, that is the most obvious reason for the recent surge.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Scaling has been the major catalyst for the price rally,” said Charles Hayter, the founder of the data company CryptoCompare. “The scaling debate has certainly been holding the Bitcoin price back.”
Many backers of the core developers have said that Bitcoin is more likely to be a base layer that other services are built atop. In this vision, Bitcoin would be more like gold in the old gold standard than like a payment network.
The gold analogy and the scarcity of Bitcoin — the rules of the network dictate that only 21 million will ever be created — have led some investors to believe that the value of the currency will continue to rise as more people look to store their wealth in the system.
This vision has caught particular fire in Japan and South Korea, which have accounted for an increasing proportion of all Bitcoin trading this year, taking over from China, which once was responsible for the highest trading volume.
The introduction of SegWit does not resolve all of the arguments that have divided the Bitcoin community.
Many large Bitcoin companies are still hoping to follow through with an agreement, reached in the spring, that would change the Bitcoin software in November to allow twice as many transactions to flow through the network.
The core developers have made it clear in various forums that they do not plan to update the software in November to double the network capacity. When the November deadline is reached, some of the companies hoping to double the network capacity could again split off from the core developers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There is a history of animosity between Bitcoin factions with vested interests, and these tensions could flare up again,” Mr. Hayter said.
For now, though, Bitcoin has been rising steadily, and much faster than any of the competing virtual currencies that have cropped up in recent years.
Earlier in the year, the prices of many other virtual currencies were rising faster than the price of Bitcoin, most of all Ethereum, a virtual currency that has more programmable features than Bitcoin.
The price of Ethereum has been rising this month, but more slowly than Bitcoin and it remains below the record high it reached in June. On Monday, the price stood around $300.
Investors are buying Ethereum and Bitcoin to invest in so-called initial coin offerings, a new method of fund-raising in which entrepreneurs create and sell their own virtual currencies.
Such offerings have continued to come onto the market despite warnings from regulators that some of them may violate securities laws.
IMPERIAL BEACH, Calif. (KGTV)--An Imperial Beach 18-year-old is parlaying the social media talents they learned as a creepy clown into a new non-profit designed to help kids with cancer. Sean Byrne isn't famous but the “Chuckles the Clown” persona was infamous on social media last October when a group of Byrne's friends and their costumes were known as the Cali Killa Clowns.
Unbeknownst to the rest of San Diego County, Byrne and their friends were hired to promote an annual Halloween concert through their social media account.
“It was just me and my friends messing around because we had clowned costumes from Halloween,” said Byrne who revealed their identity to 10News on Wednesday.
The Imperial Beach man said they got permission from their parents, one of which is a retired US Navy SEAL.
“Like a dad I was, ‘What are you guys doing?'” recalled Jim Byrne. “These are the lines. You cross any of these lines and this is over.”
The clowns were also a welcome distraction for Sean Byrne because it took their mind off the tumor growing in their brain.
“I'd get home from chemo and we'd go out as clowns at night. It was funny. It was a fun distraction,” said Sean.
Sean's dad said their son never got down on himself.
“I've only cried about it twice,” said Sean. “I realized in the middle of chemo that crying doesn't cure cancer.”
Instead, Sean Byrne parlayed their knowledge of social media into an on-line fundraising non-profit called “The Rivers of Hope Cancer Project.”
“It's for other kids that are going through the same fight,” explained Byrne. “I can't send anyone to Hawai'i yet but I can buy a kid an Xbox or something like that.”
“Through this whole thing, Sean has never stopped thinking about other people,” said a supportive Jim Byrne.
“This illness can cause loneliness, depression, anger, and a bunch of other emotions,” concluded Sean. “Nice kids don't deserve to go through that you know.”
The world is watching — no longer will President Donald Trump get away with terrible handshakes without ridicule.
Trump's been getting a lot of (well-deserved) flack for their handshaking skills recently after a few highly-televised and poorly-executed handshakes left the internet wondering why Trump is so bad at shaking hands. Couple the poor handshaking skills with overused and mostly unfunny tiny hands jokes, and you've got yourself a meme in the making.
SEE ALSO: Amazingly, Donald Trump still doesn't know how to shake a hand
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Trump had their first face-to-face meeting at the White House on Monday. The meeting was cordial, and all things considered, a photo op handshake between Trump and Trudeau turned out to be pretty normal. But the internet seized its chance to poke fun at the two world leaders with a poorly (or perfectly) timed photo of Trudeau awkwardly glancing at Trump's hand.
Today, we are all Justin Trudeau pic.twitter.com/woXgZshntj — Kim Kelly (@GrimKim) February 13, 2017
Here's what actually happened.
Regardless, the photo taken out of context was destined for its meme spotlight.
US President Donald Trump opens meeting with Canadian PM Justin Trudeau by claiming entire Canadian Army could fit in the palm of one hand. pic.twitter.com/Kd5rcY3tCF — Belarus News (Eng.) (@BelarusMiniInfo) February 13, 2017
Alt Caption: Canadian PM Justin Trudeau unsure if they should shake President Trump's hand after reading the Russian Dossier. pic.twitter.com/gV8byNEgvW — Daniel (@peytonisrad) February 13, 2017
"I don't know where that hand has been." - Justin Trudeau, probably pic.twitter.com/dwQZIHWVTS — Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) February 13, 2017
I feel you on so many levels bro @JustinTrudeau #TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/IMERJaoPux — JR The Darkskin (@iamjtune) February 13, 2017
Donald Trump showing Justin Trudeau the reasons to buy a Nintendo switch at launch pic.twitter.com/KuZOiNM7c9 — Smol Liz (@LizHomu) February 13, 2017
President Trump shows all the Emmys he's won to PM Justin Trudeau pic.twitter.com/PSQFPFAAqD — Adam (@adamjmoussa) February 13, 2017
Earlier in the day, the two shared another handshake, and many praised Trudeau for resisting Trump's signature pull-in style shake.
By Dave Shedloski
One of the most popular venues among players on the PGA TOUR, Riviera Country Club provides the perfect curtain call for the West Coast Swing at this week's Genesis Open.
Opened in 1927, Riviera, designed by George C. Thomas, is a pure shot-making challenge with its numerous doglegs and tilted greens. Ben Hogan won the 1948 U.S. Open and two L.A. Opens in a span of 18 months, thus it is called “Hogan's Alley.” Today the par-71 layout measures 7,322 yards. The famed layout in Pacific Palisades, California, first hosted a tour event in 1929.
World No. 1 Jason Day is entered into the Genesis Open for the first time since 2012. The Australian and defending champion Bubba Watson lead 19 of the top 30 golfers in the Official World Golf Ranking who are entered. Other notables in the field include Dustin Johnson, Jordan Spieth, Adam Scott, Jimmy Walker and Phil Mickelson.
CBS Sports lead golf analyst Sir Nick Faldo won their final PGA TOUR title at Riviera Country Club 20 years ago this week. They break down the storylines and what it takes to win the Genesis Open.
Watch CBS Sports' Saturday and Sunday live coverage of the Genesis Open here.
You as well as anyone knows what it takes to win at Riviera. Give us the combination to the safe. How do you unlock the challenge?
The secret is in the barometric pressure. It gets cold. You have to club up and hit half shots, try to keep control of the ball. The greens are like saucers, and because of that, it's actually better not to be pin high. You get those side-hillers that are pretty scary. Best to be above or below the hole and play conservatively. Something around par every day is really quite good.
The short par-4 10th hole is always an interesting place to watch golf. What do you think of it and the strategy of trying to drive the green or lay up?
It's quite a cool hole. I love the course overall, and this is just an interesting hole. I would say the slope in the green is way too much now; it's too steep on the right side. The question is should you lay up to 70-80 yards, which is very tough, or just go for it and see what happens. I almost argue for the driver.
Why has Bubba Watson, a two-time winner, flourished on this golf course?
When Bubba drives it great, they obviously do very well. He's impressive. They put it out there 310 yards in the middle of the fairway, and they don't have to worry about the cross slopes on the green with an 8- or 9-iron in their hands. Guys with mid-irons have to think about those things.
It appears Jordan Spieth is back on track after their efficient win at Pebble Beach. How do they stack up for Riviera?
They have stepped up their ball striking and has done a lot of work with their legs and hips, so they look a lot stronger and more stable. That's great for them as a complement to their putting. What they do is quite demoralizing for everyone else. You play as well as him, and you have to watch them keep brushing them in. It's ridiculous.
Check out other golf expert interviews.
Tiger Woods was supposed to compete this week, but on doctor's orders they have withdrawn because of ongoing back spasms. Their comeback from multiple back surgeries has hit another speed bump. What did you think of their golf before this latest setback?
Their thoracic spine is too tight, and we saw that in the Bahamas, even though they seemed to play all right. They compensate like crazy, but physically you have to wonder if they can do it. As I tweeted out before, their future is their back. If they can be mobile enough, they can be productive and enjoy playing golf.
Give us a favorite and a dark horse for this week.
I think Jordan Spieth — they just resets and goes again — should be right there. I also like Justin Rose. It's not a bomber's course. Smart golf works just fine. Dark horse … I wouldn't call them a dark horse per se, but Bill Haas has won there, and he's proven they have the game.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.  They are the author of three books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville criticized equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to react more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Even the town's name was a problem. Originally spelled “Pyongchang” in English, it was often confused with Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea. So in 2000, the town added a letter, capitalized another and changed its name to “PyeongChang,” though most foreign news agencies declined to use the capital C.
Despite the rebranding, a Kenyan man registered to attend a United Nations meeting in Pyeongchang in 2014 made headlines after they flew to Pyongyang by mistake.
Photo
In time, though, South Korea embraced Pyeongchang's bid for the Games as its own. The nation's leaders were eager to build global prestige and saw the Winter Games as a chance to become one of only a handful of countries that have hosted a “trifecta” of international sports events. (The World Cup took place in South Korea and Japan in 2002, and Seoul hosted the Summer Games in 1988.)
In a country where winter sports never quite caught on, only one other town with ski slopes, Maju, was interested in hosting the Olympics. Pyeongchang edged it out for national support, perhaps because it sits in a province that has been a major electoral battleground.
The government has poured $13 billion into the region, building a new bullet train and highway — and 97 tunnels and 78 bridges — to improve access to Pyeongchang from Seoul, as well as sporting facilities such as ice rinks and ski slopes.
While some residents worried about the impact on local forests, support for the Olympic bid has been almost universal in Pyeongchang: A poll taken at the time of the first bid showed nearly 94 percent support, and it has not wavered.
Photo
Many believe the area's future lies in bolstering tourism and are hopeful the Winter Games will help. The service sector already accounts for 70 percent of the local economy, in part because vacationers drawn to the province's scenic coast. But inland Pyeongchang has not really benefited; it's betting that the Olympics will change that.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In lobbying for its bid, South Korea used a potential handicap — Pyeongchang's proximity to the North Korean border, in a region bristling with troops and weaponry — as a selling point. Holding the Games in Pyeongchang, officials argued, would promote peace between two nations still technically at war.
The North did agree to send 22 athletes to the Games, and the two countries agreed to field a joint women's ice hockey team.
A third of South Korea's 600,000 military personnel are based in Gangwon Province. Many who were posted here as conscripts — all men in South Korea are required to serve about two years in the military — say they never want to see it again, so rugged are its hills and cold its winters.
Photo
Suspicion of North Korea is deeply etched here, as nowhere else in South Korea. The mountainous border is scarred with barbed wire, tank traps, land mines and guard posts. Hilltop loudspeakers blare K-pop songs daily toward the North, which counters by sending propaganda leaflets floating on balloons into the South.
Dreams of easing tensions and reunifying with the North one day are also more acutely felt here than anywhere else in South Korea. Many older people in the area came from the North as war refugees, settling near the border in hopes of returning quickly once the Koreas were reunified.
”Our dream is to one day take the train to go to North Korea and all the way across Siberia and to Berlin,” said Noh Yeon-su, curator of the DMZ Museum, referring to roads and rail lines that stop at the border, essentially making South Korea an island.
The province is also home to the so-called Peace Dam, a towering structure built on the Han River because of fears that another dam upstream in North Korea might release a killer flood, by accident or on purpose.
And it was in nearby Gangneung, where the ice hockey and speedskating events are scheduled to be held, that a North Korean submarine ran aground in 1996. Twenty-six crewmen and agents spilled out, setting off a huge manhunt in the area.
But Mr. Choi, the governor, shrugs off such concerns.
“Those of us who live here are not afraid of North Korea because the North, despite all its missile tests and bombast, doesn't have an ability to fight a war,” they said. The economic output of their province, the South's poorest, they noted, exceeds that generated by all of North Korea.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They added, “The happiest thing about the Olympics is that when foreigners see the Games taking place here, we can shake off our stigma as a dangerous place.”
California's Third District Court of Appeal has reversed the double-murder conviction of Daniel Marsh and mandated a new hearing to determine if they should have been tried as a juvenile for killing and mutilating Oliver Northup, 87, and Claudia Maupin, 76, in their Davis home in April 2013.
When Claudia Maupin's daughter Victoria Hurd got the news, they told reporters, “This is so wrong.” They have a strong case, on a number of fronts.
The reversal of the murder conviction was the result of the 2016 Proposition 57, which, among other things, barred prosecutors from filing cases directly in juvenile court. In the case of a juvenile (Pablo Lara) who had kidnapped and sexually molested a 7-year-old girl, the state Supreme Court ruled that Proposition 57 applied retroactively.
In February the appellate court applied Proposition 57 to Marsh, who, although 15 when they murdered Northup and Maupin, was tried as an adult. That appellate ruling effectively put Marsh's prosecutors, Michael Cabral and Amanda Zambor, on trial for trying them as an adult, which was entirely legal at the time.
The prosecutors' decision was also fully justified by the nature of the crime, one of the worst in state and national history. The autopsy report for Northup and Maupin runs 16 pages and 6,658 words. A police report said the killer showed “exceptional depravity.”
Even so, the appellate court reversed the conviction the prosecutors had worked so hard to achieve. They skillfully refuted an expert witness's notion that Marsh had been in a “dream-like dissociative state” and produced hospital records that falsified the claim that Marsh had been born with brain damage.
Marsh, now 20, did not gain the new hearing by a sudden show of remorse or good behavior in prison. Their court-appointed attorneys had no need to produce new exculpatory evidence to have the conviction reversed. Nor did they need to advance new arguments.
The hearing was entirely due to retroactive application of Proposition 57.
Related Articles The realities of California's pension crisis
It's time California got the respect it deserves at Buckingham Palace
Coding a path to success for girls: Scouting their future through STEM
Time to call out unpatriotic Americans
The federal government right to audit California bullet train project The new hearing comes without any regard for the victims' relatives. During the lengthy trial they saw the taped confession of Marsh, who said that killing the couple “felt amazing” and that they experienced “pure happiness” and “the most exhilarating enjoyable feeling I've ever felt.” That tape proved traumatic even for jurors, and now, as Victoria Hurd said, “It's barreling back into our presence.”
Marsh was sentenced to 52 years to life – with no added time for torture or lying in wait.  They are serving time at the Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility in San Diego County and will be eligible for parole after 25 years, when they would only be in their early 40s.
If the Proposition 57-based hearing determines that Marsh should have been tried as an adult, the court would restore the murder conviction. But if the ruling goes the other way, they would be re-sentenced as a juvenile and their maximum punishment would be incarceration until age 25. The default view around Davis is that the conviction will be restored, but nothing is a lock in any California courtroom.
Victoria Hurd is correct: “This is so wrong.” The new hearing for convicted murderer Daniel Marsh is an affront to justice, a waste of public time and money, and a callous assault on the victims of violent crime.
Lloyd Billingsley is a policy fellow at the Oakland-based Independent Institute. They covered the Marsh trial for City Journal California and wrote two books about the case, Exceptional Depravity and Killer Confession.
By Grace Nyoni
Bulawayo High Court judge Justice Nicholas Mathonsi has said the courts are tired of the surge in gruesome murder cases perpetrated by gold panners who do not show remorse or respect for the sanctity of human life.
Sentencing two gold panners Tonderai Ngulube (25) and Nyasha Midzi (28) to 25 years each in prison for the murder of Gift Mukwenda (19) over a woman, Justice Mathonsi said life is God given and should therefore be cherished.
The duo was pleading not guilty.
“Life is a God given gift that should be cherished and it comes once in a lifetime. However, we continue to lose the gift to gold panners who seem to have low esteem for life. It is very shocking that a person can be subjected to such savagery by other human beings who are evil at heart,” they said.
“Violence should be reduced in communities and those who commit crimes like murder should get tough sentences so as to send a message out there. Murder cases display evil of the highest order.”
It was the State case that on December 13, 2016, around 1AM a group of gold panners were drinking beer at Cane Nite Club in Shurugwi in the company of two sisters Sekai and Priscilla Mpofu.
One of the sisters was a girlfriend to Henry Sibangani, a fellow gold panner who is friends to Ngulube and Midzi.
Priscilla went out of the club to meet the deceased Mukwenda whom they were having an affair with.
Sibangani learnt about it, confronted Mukwenda and they started fighting.
The court heard that when Ngulube and Midzi saw Sibangani was being overpowered they teamed up against the deceased and assaulted him.
The trio assaulted Mukwenda using bar stools until they fell on their knees before Ngulube struck their head with the leg of the bar stool.
The leg of the bar stool penetrated Mukwenda's skull for about three centimetres before Midzi hit on top of the bar stool further causing it to exit the skull through the right side of theirs forehead.
Mukwenda died on admission to Shurugwi District Hospital.
After committing the offence the trio ran away.
Ngulube and Midzi were later arrested while Sibangani is still at large.
Mr Tafadzwa Mupariwa appeared for the State. The Chronicle
New @bangenergy limited edition purple guava pear energy drinks are here! Trust us, when we say they're AMAZING! Get yours while they're still in stock! UPDATE: This is a employee and no privacy laws were broken!!
A post shared by Fitness On Broughton (@fitnessonbroughton) on Aug 9, 2017 at 10:58am PDT
When oil drop to 9US$ a barrel, man, you know you getting lay off. The only question is when. Like everybody else in the industry, you wait.
It comes like the worst thing that could happen, when they announce people will have to go “in tranches” every month.
At first, every time you don't get a envelope, you breathe a sigh of relief. After a while, though, you start feeling like a death-row inmate in a cell near the gallows; like these bitches want you to witness everybody else execution. Soon, the fact you're still working come like a noose swinging in front your face, grazing your nose. You start to wish they just get it over with.
And when it happens, you rush home to Judith, your common-law wife, mother of your two children, and give them the news. They put their hand on their heart and say, “We could breathe easy now, Junior. We could move on.”
You and Judith cling to one another there in the kitchen. You feel your prick resurrecting like Lazarus. Is months since the last time. You know Judith feeling it too. Are they pulling away? No, they're gripping on tighter.
[read more]
Celeste Mohammed is a lawyer, emerging writer, and mother of a two-year-old. They hold an MFA in Creative Writing from Lesley University and lives on the Caribbean island of Trinidad.
Subscribe to NER
Buy digital and read it today:
Choose PDF or e-book
U.S. authorities arrested an immigrant from Mexico who was brought to the United States illegally as a child and later given a work permit during the Obama administration, Reuters reported on Tuesday.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, a 23-year-old with no criminal record, was taken into custody last week at their father's home in Seattle by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, according to the report.
Ramirez was granted temporary permission to live and work legally in the United States under a program called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, established in 2012 by Democratic President Obama, according to a court filing. Their arrest is believed to be the first detention of its kind under President Donald Trump.
The Federal Reserve is punishing Wells Fargo.
The Fed said late Friday that it will restrict the bank's growth in light of "widespread consumer abuses," including its notorious fake-accounts scandal.
Wells Fargo won't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement. Friday is their last day on the job.
Wells Fargo will replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of the year. In addition, the bank must improve its risk management.
The bank agreed to the Fed's conditions under what's known as a consent decree.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
In a statement, Wells Fargo said it is "confident" it can meet the Fed's requirements.
Wells Fargo has admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating 3.5 million potentially fake accounts. The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance.
--CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The police share this latest appeal. Ed
We are appealing for witnesses to a public order incident which took place on the Isle of Wight.
At around 6pm on Tuesday 30 January, a silver Vauxhall Omega and a blue BMW collided near the temporary traffic lights on Lushington Hill, Wootton.
It was reported that the man driving the Vauxhall got out of their car and became very aggressive, shouting abuse at the BMW driver – a woman in their 20s – which made them feel threatened and intimidated.
They then got back into their car and drove off. No-one was injured in the collision.
Did you see the incident?
Officers would like to hear from any witnesses, but in particular anyone with dashcam footage of the incident so we can establish the exact circumstances.
PC Stu D'Costa said:
“This incident took place during a busy time of the evening, and it would have been witnessed by other drivers who had to stop as a result of the collision. “Did you see what happened? Do you have a dashcam which captured the incident? Please contact us if you have any information to assist.”
Get in touch
Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting 44180039856, or call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Image: West Midlands Police under CC BY 2.0
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
Around 70 banner-wielding protesters turned out today for a demonstration against a foul stench from a controversial landfill site which they say has blighted their lives for around four months.
And they were joined by Chorley MP Lindsay Hoyle, who is campaigning on their behalf, with the turn-out almost three times bigger than expected.
The demonstration was close to the Clayton Hall landfill site in Whittle-le-Woods, which is said to be the source of the odour issue.
It is estimated that thousands of residents in the towns and villages radiating from the site, have been affected in some way by the issue.
The protesters want to see the landfill site closed and are also threatening to seek legal action and are demanding that an independent air quality report is published.
Problems began to occur at the site, which is long-established, in October after the company which runs it, Quercia, began expansion work and disturbed long-buried gases, leading to the noxious stink.
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
The protesters are worried about the health effects of the odorous gases.
Quercia has expressed its regret about the issue.
The action group behind the protest is the Leyland and Chorley Stink Bomb, whose chairperson, Richard Harwood, said: “The turn out today has been really encouraging, because 26 people told me they would be going and we ended up with 70, around three times as many.
“That shows the strength of feeling over this issue.
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
“Our MP is behind us, councillors are behind us and we will fight this all the way.
“The landfill site needs to be capped and then closed as soon as possible.
“It appears that Quercia did not carry out any kind of risk assessment when they commenced their work.
“Apparently they have said they are sorry it has caused so much upset, but an apology is not enough.”
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
MP Mr Hoyle said: “I think there is no other choice than to close this site and then launch a full investigation into how and why it has been allowed to fail.
“Even while we were protesting, a rotten smell suddenly wafted over and it was just awful.
“This situation is not acceptable and we need Lancashire Country Council, as the planning authority, to impose planning conditions as the site has failed to operator correctly, and the Environment Agency to close it down.
“It should lose its permit to continue.
“There is possibly even a matter for Public Health England to get involved as there could be implications from the gases.
“It is not acceptable.”
Mr Hoyle also raised concerns about the height of the landfill and said this alone was a serious issue.
One lane of the M1 motorway is closed near Leeds due to a broken down vehicle.
VIDEO: On shift with West Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Unit
The van is blocking lane one of four on the southbound carriageway at junction 41 for the A650.
Meanwhile, the entry slip road at junction 40 northbound on the M1 also has a broken down vehicle on it.
READ: The next homes plan for Leeds South Bank submitted
Plastic has also been reported on the northbound carriageway at junction 46 of the M1 which is believed to be affecting lanes one and two.
Weather conditions will create a high risk for grass fires Monday afternoon, said Hood County Fire Marshal Ray Wilson.
Near-record warmth coupled with very low, 10 to 20 percent, humidity across most of North Texas is driving the increased risk, according to the National Weather Service.
Lack of rainfall over the past several weeks has dried potential grass fire fuels and west winds will increase to 10 to 15 miles per hour Monday afternoon, according to meteorologists.
Extreme care is urged during all outside activities where there is a potential for grass fires to get started. Avoid outside burning and welding. Do not toss lit cigarette butts outside.
Report wildfires to emergency services quickly.
“Oh my gosh! Will that person ever shut up?!” We are all adults here. We do not have to pretend that this thought has not […]
The same policy change would also require clearance from "multiple" US agencies if a Chinese visa applicant is a manager or researcher with an organization on the Commerce Department's list of entities needing closer scrutiny. These could take months to process, according to the AP's contact.
The visa length changes are slated to take effect on June 11th. It's not certain exactly how they'll alter the economic landscape. As with tariffs, though, this could have a knock-on effect. While it might prevent China from taking advantage of American colleges and universities to accelerate its plans for tech dominance, it'd also make life difficult for Chinese people who simply want to study abroad. They may have to either renew their visas during a program or find another country that's willing to grant them visas for as long as it takes to pursue their degrees.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Facebook Inc., down $12.53 to $172.56
The social media company faced new criticism after reports a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users.
CACI International Inc., down $11.85 to $145.60
The defense contractor offered to buy CSRA for $7.2 billion, challenging a deal between CSRA and General Dynamics.
Orbotech Ltd., up $4.09 to $63.99
KLA-Tencor agreed to buy the company, which makes equipment for electronics manufacturers, for about $1.88 billion.
Stewart Information Services Corp., up $1.89 to $42.61
The title insurance and real estate services company said it will be bought by Fidelity National Financial for about $1.2 billion.
GGP Inc., down 20 cents to $21.52
Reuters reported that Brookfield Property Partners made a new offer for the shopping mall operator.
Universal Display Corp., down $15 to $109
Bloomberg News reported that Apple is designing and making display screens and may stop buying them from other companies.
Newell Brands Inc., down $1.87 to $26.79
The consumer products company announced a deal with activist investor Carl Icahn, who will nominate four directors to its board.
Alphabet Inc., down $34.35 to $1,100.07
Technology companies fared worse than the rest of the market Monday.
Up and down the street, all around the town, in mud puddles and beneath mailboxes where neighborhood dogs do their business, there are copies of phone books wrapped in plastic bags.
They'll still be there in two weeks and maybe longer, until spring and after spring. Instead of picking them up or putting them in recycling bins, my neighbors prefer to let them lie out there as sort of silent protest.
What happened to the days when getting your new phone book was an occasion for celebration, a religious experience? You immediately searched for your name to see if it was spelled correctly … and it always was. It made you feel important. It made you feel wanted.
The new phone book brought joy to a household. It was like a tax refund from the IRS or free tickets to a Yankees game. But now it's the object of scorn by cell phone users.
Call me crazy, but I've been waiting months for this phone book. I'm fed up with using the Internet to find phone numbers because it's a tiresome ordeal. A few weeks ago, I wanted to call my neighbor to see if she'd pick up the mail while I was away, and I couldn't find their number online.
Young people, of course, don't have landlines because they prefer cell phones. They even sleep with their cell phones, probably because landlines are no good if you want to play Words with Friends or send text messages or listen to Pandora. Landlines just sit there, waiting for a robocall, waiting for a telemarketer, waiting for bad news.
But I have problems with cell phones. At my daughter's home, I have to crawl behind the sofa to get service. When I go to New Hampshire, I have to trek outside and stand in sub-freezing temperatures beside the wood pile with the coyotes. And when I'm driving through Westport on the Merritt, I lose conference calls once I hit the dead zone.
On the other hand, we don't answer 80% of our landline calls because they're from people looking for money — salespersons for medical alert devices, charity solicitations, the Republican National Committee, my college, the Democratic National Committee, my college, the Better Business Bureau, my college. There's no escaping the pain, even though we've been on the so-called “no call” list for 20 years. Now junk calls are even polluting mobile phones.
But here's the real source of my annoyance. As I said, I didn't have my neighbor's phone number, so I went online to find it and got overwhelmed by dozens of sites with names like Been Verified, White Pages, Black Pages, Black & Blue Pages, People Search, Cubib, and Felons-R-Us, which offer online records for everything from voter registrations, arrests and DUIs to sexual proclivities. For a price, they'll provide everything except what you need.
Did I want their arrest record? NO. Did I want their dating history or marriage record? Double NO. Did I want to know if the FBI, the CIA, the NRA, the AAA were after her? NO. I didn't care. And I didn't care that their last husband was five years younger or that they lived in Dubuque, Iowa, followed by Opa-locka, Fla. Or that their mother is between 80 and 85 years old. Or that there are 21 other people in America with the same name.
For a mere $19.37, I could view their entire profile, whatever that means. I, myself, don't want an online identity. I want to remain anonymous. The crazy thing is that the people I want to have my phone number can't find it, but countless people, organizations and charities that I don't want to have my phone number are calling me every week, sometimes twice a day. How can we ever make America great again if we can't solve this problem?
Anyway, the good news is the phone book arrived, and I'm going out tonight with a shopping cart and picking up all those unwanted books to bring them home and store in my shed for safekeeping, just so I always have one handy. Let me know if you need one.
(Follow-up: I looked for my neighbor's number in the phone book. It wasn't there. Maybe someone ripped out the page. Maybe she's hiding from the FBI … or their college.)
Public education in North Carolina is at a crossroads.
While it has become fashionable to always paint a negative picture of the public school system's hopes in this state, now seems like an especially difficult time.
Last year, the North Carolina General Assembly passed legislation which mandated that school districts must significantly reduce their K-3 class sizes. Lawmakers cited research from the Center for Public Education, which provided support for this move.
While the legislature's intentions were noble, the bill did little to solve the long-standing problem of how to ensure that all children — particularly those who are from low-income families — receive the quality education that they deserve.
After the bill's passage, many school districts voiced concern.
Linda Welborn, a member of the Guilford County Board of Education, noted that “we would have to make such drastic cuts, we literally don't know where we would come up with the money.”
Welborn's comment in many ways sums up the ages-old relationship that the North Carolina General Assembly has maintained with school districts over the years.
Eager to serve constituents who have brought the issue to their attention, the legislature proposes a plausible idea for how the state might better ensure that the quality of education for students increases.
Then, after looking at the proposal, the school districts will usually say something to the effect of “Sounds great, but give us more money so that we can make it happen.”
But the legislature for the most part has not made good on that request and that presents a serious problem.
As districts endeavor to reallocate resources in order to comport with the mandate, at least 5,500 teaching jobs statewide are in jeopardy.
According to Katherine Joyce, the executive director of the N.C. Association of School Administrators, the next few weeks are “crunch time” for school districts who are deciding on what their budgets will look like for next year.
“It's a difficult position our districts are in,” Joyce remarked. “They don't want to initiate the pink slip process, but I think they're coming to that time where it's going to become a reality.”
As Joyce explains, time is running out for school districts all across the state.
But it is not too late for a change.
Welborn and many others have spent the past few days imploring the General Assembly to change course and all those who are concerned about the wellbeing of North Carolina's school districts should do the same.
“To continue going down this road is not helping children,” Welborn warned.
Everyone in North Carolina wants to make sure that children in this state receive the best education that they can, most of all the school districts themselves.
Therefore, the North Carolina General Assembly should listen to those who are closest to the issue and reconsider the K-3 class size mandate.
Moreover, they would also do well to provide more funding to the public schools that they claim to care about so much.
As of 2015, North Carolina ranks 47th in the nation in teacher pay and 46th in per-pupil funding.
As someone who has worked in the North Carolina public school system, I have talked to a number of educators who have told me that even well-meaning and compassionate teachers will leave North Carolina in order to pursue a job that pays better.
While class size is certainly an issue that needs to be analyzed, the real crisis is the dismally low amount of money that the General Assembly allocates to its public school system.
The legislature therefore has two options: either increase funding for the districts or reconsider the K-3 mandate.
The latter is probably the more likely scenario, but even that prospect looks relatively bleak.
Yet if the General Assembly wants to do what is best for school districts, the latter option is exactly what they have to choose.
Pros and Cons in Edmunds Review of Tesla Model 3
The Model 3 is Tesla's most affordable electric, with a promised starting price of $35,000. Hundreds of thousands of Americans have put down a $1,000 deposit for one. Almost all of them are still waiting for the chance to order.
At Edmunds, however, we've purchased and taken delivery of one of the first Model 3s out. And we've driven it more than 3,000 miles so far.
It's not our first Tesla; we've previously bought and conducted 18-month tests of the Model S sedan and the Model X SUV. We've sampled most other electric vehicles on the market, too. Here's what we can say so far about living with our Tesla Model 3 sedan:
Service and Quality: A Work in Progress
We're going to get this out of the way first: Tesla's scramble to increase its Model 3 production seems to have adversely affected Model 3 build quality, at least on the basis of our tiny sample of one. Body panel gaps are inconsistent, reflecting a lack of attention to detail, and this applies not only to our own car but even to Model 3s we've seen on display.
After we brought ours home, we discovered it also had a cracked vanity mirror and a broken driver's seat shell. In our first six weeks, we've had to do the equivalent of a Windows PC's Ctrl-Alt-Del reboot of the all-important touchscreen about a dozen times.
We've called a Tesla service center about the problems but have had difficulty getting an appointment. Drive-ups were not welcome, so our parts were ordered based on photographs alone. Weeks later, we're still waiting for word and it's hard to get answers.
You Better Like Touchscreens
The Model 3's minimalist interior is dominated by its huge central touchscreen. There are no gauges, no knobs and no switches except for door-mounted window controls. It looks clean and futuristic, but ease of use isn't as stellar.
Certain controls are accessed from a couple of multi-axis roller buttons on the steering wheel. For just about everything else, you'll be reaching for the touchscreen to access wiper controls, adjust cruise control speed, and even to switch between modes on the audio system. You get used to it, but this approach increases the chances of driver distraction.
The Model 3 doesn't play well with smartphones either. It lacks Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, two systems that easily integrate many of your phone's apps with the vehicle. And its USB ports cannot deliver any music, audiobook or podcast files from your phone to the audio system. The only way to listen to your media files is to stream them using Bluetooth audio.
Drives Great, Range is Appealing
Those issues aside, we enjoy driving the Model 3. It feels sorted and sporty when you're driving around turns, and the electric motor delivers plenty of thrust. It's dramatically quicker and more engaging to drive than other popular EVs such as the BMW i3 and the Chevrolet Bolt. That premium feel experienced in the Model S and the Model X is also present.
Currently, Tesla is only building rear-wheel-drive Model 3 sedans with the expensive 310-mile long-range battery. The smaller battery and its purported 220-mile range and $35,000 price are still some months away. Edmunds paid $56,000 for its fully loaded Model 3.
At first, we were ready to conclude it's not worth paying more for the big battery. In a regular gasoline car, 300 miles feels like a minimum because no one likes to stop for gas often. By contrast, you can charge an electric car at home every night, and at that point 220 miles is more than enough for daily use.
But there are reasons to go big. Of course, it's an advantage for those who drive farther than average or can't charge every day. But it also has to do with charging speed at Tesla's network of Superchargers. If you've got a Model 3 with the bigger battery, you won't need to spend as much time hooked up to a Supercharger station. Because charge rates slow down as batteries get closer to full, it actually takes less time to bring a 310-mile battery up to 200 miles of range -- which is likely all you'll need to get to the next station -- than doing the same with the smaller 220-mile battery. The difference could amount to 15 minutes or more per stop, which could really add up during an extended road trip.
EDMUNDS SAYS: Tesla does things differently, which is both a strength and a weakness. The new Model 3 sets a new standard for what an affordable electric vehicle can be. But initial problems highlight Tesla's inexperience with mass-market production.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Tesla.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., reacts after throwing out a ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series between the Washington Nationals and the Chicago Cubs, at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No. 3 on the back. They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honored after the pitch.
By Jeffrey Muvundusi
BULAWAYO – Ntabazinduna chief Felix Nhlanhla Ndiweni has praised the country's judiciary after a magistrates' court here ruled in their favour against Home Affairs minister Obert Mpofu.
This was after Ndiweni, who for years has been at loggerheads with Mpofu, was granted a peace order against the minister last week.
Ndiweni teamed up with two other chiefs Neville Ndondo and chief Deli Asher Mabhena to apply for a peace order against Mpofu and nine of their accomplices they accused of unleashing a reign of terror against them.
“The first respondent (Mpofu), who is local Member of Parliament and minister of Home affairs, has abused their office and authority by constantly throwing spanners into the chief's work using their agents and thugs who include the second to the tenth respondents,” Ndiweni said in their court application.
Magistrate Adelaide Mbeure interdicted Mpofu from interfering with the traditional leaders' works.
However, a visibly delighted Ndiweni described the ruling as profound for the people in their area.
“It is a profound ruling, in the sense that it is has been done against a sitting minister of Home Affairs, who is in charge of the law enforcement in the country,” Ndiweni told Southern News.
“I think a precedent has been set, because we have high-ranking government officials like Mpofu who misuse their power to achieve personal gains. All we are saying is we have rights as traditional leaders. We cannot allow those above us trampling on us as they will,” they said.
Ndiweni added: “As I am speaking, the people of Ntabazinduna are celebrating after news filtered through that the one who was tormenting us has been ordered to stay away from us.
“We want a peaceful life not the hell we were being subjected to. This is a new dispensation and things have to change.”
Ndiweni said following the ruling, they have taken it upon themselves to encourage fellow chiefs who are being persecuted to take a similar stance.
Ndiweni, formerly based in the United Kingdom for about 40 years, returned home a few years ago to take over the chieftainship following the death of their much-feared and respected father, Chief Khaisa Ndiweni.
So bad has been the tiff between the two such that the traditional leader wrote a stinging letter to former President Robert Mugabe in which they highlighted what they described as persecution from Mpofu.
Mpofu has refused to recognise Ndiweni ever since they took over the chieftainship, arguing it was the latter's brother who is based in the UK, Thambo, who is the heir-apparent.
The burly minister early this year told Southern News that they viewed Ndiweni as a political opponent than a traditional leader.
“I don't know him, we have never sat down and discussed. I think they are more political than traditional.  They are a political animal as opposed to a traditional person. There should not be any reason why they should just issue statements attacking a senior member of the party.
“We know they have been hosting Mujuru, G40 and all the opposition parties.  They are a political and traditional tyrant.  They are not a chief. They have not been anointed. I got messages from the real chief, their brother Thambo who is in the UK.  They are already talking to the Chief's Council to say they should not be entertained,” Mpofu explained.
He, however, noted that they had nothing personal with Ndiweni. “I have nothing against them but they are an individual who has got their own agenda, a political agenda. If it was a traditional agenda, I would talk to him. I talk to Ndiweni's son, Douglas, and the heir-apparent, Thambo.” Daily News
NEW YORK (AP) — James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty" had a very big opening week.
Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. It includes their accounts of investigating Hillary Clinton's emails and of their awkward encounters with President Donald Trump.
Comey, fired by Trump a year ago, has likened the president to a crime boss who values personal loyalty over service to the country. Published April 17, "A Higher Loyalty" is the hottest political book since Michael Wolff's million-selling "Fire and Fury," which came out in January.
Both books were published by imprints of Macmillan.
The 57th annual Opp Rattlesnake Rodeo will be March 11-12 at Channell-Lee Stadium. Tickets are $10 per day. Children age six and under admitted free with a paying adult.
On Saturday, Chris Janson will headline. On Sunday, Confederate Railroad will take the stage.
For more information, check out www.opprattlesnakerodeo.com.
Appleton police released additional details Monday regarding an officer who was injured after being dragged from a man's car.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
The Football Federation of Ukraine (FFU) has announced it will boycott the 68th FIFA Congress in Moscow in June.
The decision was taken today during a meeting of the FFU Executive Committee in Kiev.
Ukraine's Government last month banned the country's athletes from competing at any events in Russia in protest of their neighbour's annexation of Crimea in 2014.
They also claimed it was because of the doping scandal involving Russia's athletes.
The Government in Kiev has since scaled this back to recommending athletes do not compete in Russia and warning them, that if they decide to do so, then their trip will not be funded.
The Football Federation of Ukraine took the decision not to send a representative to the FIFA Congress in Moscow or accept its allocation of tickets for Russia 2018 during a meeting at its headquarters in Kiev ©FFU
The FFU have also announced that they will not be taking up their allocation of tickets for the World Cup in Russia due to kickoff on June 14 and end with the final on July 15.
In February the National Public Broadcasting Company of Ukraine announced that it would refuse to televise matches from the tournament.
Ukraine finished third in their qualifying group behind Iceland and Croatia and failed to qualify for Russia 2018.
To avoid sanctions from FIFA, the FFU announced they would empower Charge d'Affaires of Ukraine in Moscow Ruslan Nimchinsky to attend the Congress.
It remains unclear, though, whether Nimchinsky will be allowed to vote on Ukraine's behalf during the Congress on June 12 and 13, including for the host country of the 2026 World Cup which Morocco and the United bid of the United States, Canada and Mexico are both candidates.
FILA Week here at The Source is in full swing!
After beginning with Regina's Grocery earlier this week, our latest subject from the new Mindblower collaboration, which brought us over 40 exclusive designs, is none other than rapper Maino. Their collab showcases a love for Brooklyn and an affinity to keeping things fresh for the culture — Hip-Hop culture, that is. It was more than enough of a reason to get into the mind of the MC themselves to see how it all came together.
Catching up at Leila's NYC recording studio, we chopped it up with Maino to discuss how guerrilla marketing led to a Mindblower collab, and also what he's got going on when it comes to music, business ventures and even producing a documentary about strippers in NYC.
Trust — you'll definitely want to know about that.
Keep reading to hear all about this Brooklyn-bred FILA Mindblower, from the mouth of Maino himself:
From music to fashion, you've been really moving out here. What's been going on in your world lately?
Maino: Music-wise, we got the single called “F*** Boyz”, which I just dropped a video for. I got another song coming out soon called “Brooklyn N**ga,” followed by a new EP called Jermaine and then we gonna get into the K.O.B. 4 [mixtape]. We just dropped the sneaker with FILA, so that's something different, dope, big and unexpected. They didn't think I was gonna pop up like that.
Word man! You even pulled up today wearing a suit, and you're just rocking a noticeable style upgrade overall.
Yeah, it's gotta be unpredictable. I'm a jack-of-all-trades, so I got a lot of things going on — not just musically, either. I had some stuff that I had to do before [coming here] that pretty much required me to [suit up]. When you're hustling and start to figure out all the other avenues to be creative in other than music, it creates other things that you can get into. Fashion is one of those, and it led to designing a sneaker with FILA.
I'm also producing a documentary that I've been doing for over a year now called A Dollar at a Time. It's about the strip club culture in New York City and its uniqueness. When it comes to urban strip culture everywhere else in the country, in the world even, [the focus is] all about the dancers. It's not about that here in New York; it's about the bartenders. We're editing it now, so that should be dope.
Let's get into this fresh FILA Mindblower you created. When did the collaboration process start, and how did things progress into the product we're looking at now?
It pretty much started in 2016 after I went on a campaign to pop out the whole summer wearing FILA. I wanted to see if I had enough influence to change the wave a little bit, almost like, “If I start wearing FILA, will n**gas f**k with it?' I did it for me, because I love the brand and what it means to street n**gas in Brooklyn, and also to see if I could be one of those guys that starts wearing something and other n**gas start following it. When it started happening, I ran a social media campaign that had all my people wearing FILA. Around the time Yellow Tape dropped with me and Uncle Murda, we were doing shows and wearing all FILA — velours, sweatsuits, hats and everything. We even came out at Summer Jam wearing FILA. [The movement] started to make sales spike a little bit in the northeast retail market — it really started to speak.
FILA caught wind of it all and reached out to me, and honestly, who else but me? We started to develop a relationship from there, and we spoke about the relaunch of the sneaker and how dope it would be to collab on a version of it. I was like, “I never did anything like that before,” but we did it and here we are.
What's the design story behind your FILA Mindblower, and just the overall inspiration of the colorway?
The inspiration is Brooklyn, man — had to keep it classic. It's something that we would wear; it's something fly. We got the black and grey camo on it, and I chose that pattern because it's for whoever. Camo is not just about one set of people. It doesn't matter where you come from, camo is universal. I even wanted to make it where it almost didn't look like a FILA sneaker, and looked more like a slick runner.
How far do are you looking to take this collaboration, and just the relationship with the brand in general?
We're in talks now to design velour sweatsuits to accompany the sneaker, so there are a lot of big things coming.
I don't know if you saw, but PUMA and MCM recently came together on footwear and apparel that celebrates the historic relationship between Hip-Hop and fashion. Why do you think the two worlds mesh so well together?
Come on, man — that's just us as a culture. Us coming from the ghetto, we took brands and put our own spin on it. When you look a brand like FILA, it's one of the few brands that's beloved by the hood that didn't really start from sports. Nike, adidas and all of them originally come from sports, but FILA was cosigned by the streets first.
Think about it: before rappers were wearing it, the dope dealers and the hustlers were rocking FILAs and FILA velours. There was a sort of “street prestige” in the outfit. Those garments, especially the sweatsuits, meant something — and honestly, why not?
Find out more information about the Maino x FILA Mindblower over on the FILA Mindblower web portal. Keep an eye on TheSource.com as we continue celebrating #FILAWeek, and listen to Maino's FILA-inspired song “Velour” below:
NEW YORK (AP) — AP POLL ALERT: Villanova leapfrogs Michigan St. for top spot in men's AP Top 25; major shuffles include Arizona St. at 5.
Israeli police say a prominent billionaire business person and four other suspects were taken into custody on a battery of charges, including money laundering, obstruction of justice and bribery.
The police say the suspects were arrested and questioned on Monday, following a joint investigation with Swiss and American authorities into forged documents and fictitious real estate deals abroad.
The police would not comment on the specifics of the current investigation, but confirmed that Beny Steinmetz was among those arrested.
Steinmetz, a Geneva-based diamond-mining magnate with an estimated worth of just over $1 billion according to Forbes, was arrested by Israeli authorities in December over allegations of bribing officials in the African country of Guinea to promote business interests there.
They spent two weeks under house arrest at that time.
NEW YORK (AP) — A watchdog group is politely pleading with Justin Timberlake to keep their Super Bowl halftime show "safe for the children watching."
In an open letter to the entertainer issued Tuesday, the Parents Television Council hopes there isn't a repeat of what happened in 2004 when Timberlake ripped Janet Jackson's costume to reveal their right breast.
The group writes that it hopes Timberlake will keep the halftime show "friendly and safe" for the children watching, especially since some will want to emulate the singer.
Timberlake has assured viewers "That won't happen this time."
The infamous wardrobe malfunction drew CBS a $550,000 fine from the Federal Communications Commission that was later overturned.
The watchdog group says it wants "a positive, uplifting and entertaining halftime show on Sunday."
San Juan mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz called Tuesday's announcement of new death toll estimates in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria “a day of collective mourning” for the weather-battered island.
Interested in ? Add as an interest to stay up to date on the latest news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
“It was a very painful day… but it came to put a number on what we already know – that the total death toll was not correct and that the government was not telling the truth,” Yulin Cruz told ABC News.
Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health estimated that between Sept. 20 and Dec. 31, there were 4,645 "excess deaths," according to the report in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The researchers say the death toll may be more than 70 times the official estimate. Puerto Rico's official government death toll currently stands at 64.
“This number [is] for “when government don't do what they are supposed to do,” the mayor said as they pointed to a hat bearing the numbers 4,645 as a reminder of the hurricane's deadly toll. (flipped this sentence around).
“It isn't the smiles of the ones I got to that will haunt me forever, it is the pain of those we didn't get to that will stick with me forever,” an emotional Yulin Cruz said.
Alvin Baez/Reuters, FILE
The Harvard report relied on household surveys to generate the estimate, which researchers said had a margin of error of plus or minus 3,852, meaning the actual number of deaths could be as low as 793 or as high as 8,498. However. Researchers said the likely figure is about 5,000. The mayor of Puerto Rico's capital has been a fierce critic of the Trump administration. In the days following Maria, Trump visited the island and said “every death is a horror.
“But if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here,” they continued, “sixteen versus literally thousands of people.” “Not one tweet from a man that tweets about the sunrise…to say, people of Puerto Rico, we are sorry, “ a frustrated Yulin Cruz said.
“Don't accept the blame, because Lord knows they are incapable of doing,” they said of Trump. “But just say sorry, I'm sorry that lives were lost.”
Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters
The Atlantic hurricane season starts on Friday – something that Yulin Cruz says the island is not equipped to handle again.
“Puerto Rico is not prepared…we've learned about the things we fell short and we are in a better position to handle them,” they said. “We hope that we do not have to handle them anymore,” they said.
Them “4,645“ hat is just one of the small reminders they keep more than eight months after Maria.
“I wrote with chalk on my wall ‘NEVER AGAIN' and the number 4,645,” they said.
“These are people – grandparents and mothers and children that will never be able to live because others weren't able to help them survive.”
Two orphaned black bear cubs have traveled a long way, and Monday night they're settling in at their new home in San Francisco.They were found hundreds of miles apart in Alaska and were initially extremely malnourished.The two are now getting acquainted with their new surroundings. These are the first two black bears at the San Francisco Zoo since 1976.Officials are still deciding what to name the pair, and may soon ask the public for ideas.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — A former mayor from the Mexican state of Tlaxcala appears to have copied a speech directly from Frank Underwood, the protagonist of popular Netflix program "House of Cards."
Miguel Angel Covarrubias Cervantes has been accused of plagiarism on social media. Their speech echoes almost word-for-word a 2016 promotional trailer entitled "The Leader We Deserve." Cervantes' version also uses the House of Cards signature music in the background.
Netflix has responded on Twitter with a video addressed to the people of Mexico featuring actor Michael Kelly: "It's not a competition. You have no idea where people take their inspiration from. Pay attention now." The video is captioned in Spanish: "Imitation is not always the highest form of flattery. #Tlaxcala"
Both the original speech and Netflix' response were posted Tuesday.
More Woes for Uber: Exec Resigns, Investor Sues Ousted CEO
Uber Technologies Inc. faced a fresh round of turmoil Thursday, with its global operations chief resigning and a major investor suing the ride-hailing company's former CEO.
Ryan Graves told Uber staff in an email Thursday that they will transition out of their role as senior vice president of global operations in mid-September. Graves will remain on Uber's board.
That board -- and its support for former CEO Travis Kalanick [pictured above] -- was the subject of a lawsuit filed Thursday in Delaware Chancery Court by Benchmark Capital Partners.
Benchmark is a major investor with 13 percent of Uber's stock. It claims Kalanick is trying to pack Uber's board with their allies and eventually return to their post as CEO. The venture capital firm says that would harm Uber's shareholders, employees, drivers and customers.
A spokesperson for Kalanick said the lawsuit is "completely without merit and riddled with lies and false allegations."
In the lawsuit, Benchmark claims Kalanick concealed material information from investors when they created three new board seats in 2016 and gave themselves the right to appoint people to those seats. Among other things, Benchmark said, Kalanick knew Uber might be accused of stealing trade secrets from Waymo, Google's self-driving unit. Waymo sued Uber earlier this year.
The lawsuit also says Kalanick didn't discuss their failure to curb Uber's pervasive culture of discrimination and sexual harassment.
Kalanick resigned under pressure in June after a monthslong investigation into harassment and other behavior problems at the San Francisco-based company. But they quickly appointed themselves to one of the three board seats. The other two remain vacant.
Benchmark says Kalanick has acquired "a disproportionate level of influence over the board, ensuring that they would continue to have an outsized role in Uber's strategic direction even if forced to resign as CEO." The firm says Kalanick has already interfered in the board's attempts to hire a new CEO.
Benchmark wants to remove the three additional seats and return the board to eight members. It's also asking the court to prevent Kalanick from participating in board meetings.
Uber said it had no comment on the lawsuit. But in a statement, Kalanick's spokesperson said the lawsuit is an attempt to deprive Kalanick of their rights as an Uber founder and shareholder.
"Travis will continue to act in the interests of Uber and all of its stakeholders and is confident that these entirely baseless claims will be rejected," the statement said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
The Republican running for Ohio Secretary of State says the passion of both parties over voting issues may be doing damage to American's confidence in their democracy. Frank Larose, the state senator who hopes to succeed Secretary of State Jon Husted, told the Akron Press Club today any move that disenfranchises any voters or allows any voter fraud is too much.
LaRose on voter confidence
“But nobody should overstate the existence of either fraud or suppression because I think what it does is underminds the confidence that voters have.”
LaRose said they supported President Trump's voter fraud panel because they hoped it would be a bipartisan effort to study how to better elections."
LaRose on Trump's panel
“When we can put thoughtful people together to look at solutions for how things can be made better, I don't think that's ever a bad thing. Obviously this panel did not function well and has been disbanded as a result.”
LaRose said they disagree with President Trump on some other issues, but would their support campaigning in Ohio.
LaRose: Trump's no choir boy
“I don't tend to interact with people the way that they do, but listen, we didn't elect them to be a choir boy and they certainly aren't. But they certainly are a change agent, and if they wanted to come to ohio and campaign for me, I'd welcome that. “
Trump won Ohio by 9 percentage points, the largest margin since George H.W. Bush beat Michael Dukakis. And a new poll by Baldwin Wallace says 88 percent of those who said they voted for Trump say they still have their partial or full support.
Both LaRose and the Democratic candidate for secretary of state, state Rep. Kathleen Clyde, have come out in support of a May ballot issue that would change how congressional districts in Ohio are drawn. Ohio has some of the worst gerrymandering in the country, with counties divided and districts stretched in odd configurations across the state to favor Republicans
LaRose has been pushing for change. They told the Akron Press Club both parties have engaged over the years in map-making to benefit their interests. But they acknowledged that without citizen's groups pressing for reform, the GOP-dominated Legislature likely would not have taken up the issue.
LaRose on redistricting
“As a result, we did something pretty historic. We passed bipartisan redistricting reform. Republicans and Democrats actually came together to agree on this very contentious high-stakes issue.”
Clyde will speak to the Press Club April 9
Miserable March 2018 continues.
The National Weather Service has put a winter storm watch in effect for Fairfield County from late Tuesday night through late Wednesday night. The forecast predicts snow accumulations between five to nine inches.
It will be the fourth winter storm to hit the region this month. The first struck on Friday, March 2, leaving thousands powerless due to heavy winds. The next came five days later on Wednesday, March 7, dumping almost two feet of snow in some areas.
Last week, another storm dropped another six inches in town — canceling school for the fifth time in 11 days.
“Plan on difficult travel conditions, including during the evening commute on Wednesday,” the weather service said in its report of the latest storm Monday, March 19 . “Tree branches could fall. significant reductions in visibility are possible.”
For more information, visit weather.gov/okx
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican authorities say a measuring device containing radioactive material has been stolen in north-central Mexico.
The Interior Department says the gauge — apparently of a type commonly used in road construction — was taken on Monay from a roadside in the state of Queretaro.
The department said Tuesday that the equipment poses a low level of risk, but urged the public to report it if they find it.
There have been a half dozen thefts of radioactive material in Mexico in the last two years. The hazardous materials have been recovered in the previous cases.
By Daniel Ritz
As the sails raised on the 114' schooner The Spirit of Dana Point, Ren Higgins bellowed sing-along sailor's songs to inspire their crew, made up of largely curious land-lubbing Southern California residents.
On Earth Day, April 22, The Ocean Institute presented its first naturalist sail, where 15 citizen sailors boarded the Spirit of Dana Point in an attempt to combine nature and history in the ways their sea-bearing fore-fathers did, under the very elements themselves.
Higgins, a six-year crew member of the Spirit, began the sunny afternoon with a short presentation inside the Institute's boathouse, explaining the prominence and importance of historical naturalists including Charles Darwin, Thomas Nuttall and David Nelson, the naturalist on the voyages of Captain Cook.
Enlightened, the citizen scientists boarded the Spirit, anxious to explore the seas outside the Harbor.
They learned the diverse skill set of a scientist at sea as almost immediately, Higgins, under instruction from first mate Kristen McGowan, organized the citizens turned crew-members into teams to raise the three main sails.
With light winds, the pace was slow, which although not thrilling for Captain Peter Haenebalske was ideal for Haenebalske, McGoawan and Higgins and other staff to single off with the earnest naturalists and take in the environment around them.
“This is the way, this is the sort of vessel that men have used to travel the seas for literally hundreds of years,” Haenebalske said. “It keeps history alive, and it forms a connection. I take pride in carrying on the tradition and introducing this to new people.”
Higgins, who began as a volunteer at the Ocean Institute, felt similarly about their experience working with the public.
“It's a joy working with the public, bringing them into this world,” Higgins remarked. “It's always incredible for people to have their moments when the not only ‘understand something,' and connect to it.”
Upon saying that, the passionate Higgins, seeing something in the corner of their eye, dashed light-footed to the bow. They proceeded to track, identify and compare the common dolphin (Delphinus delphis) swimming below the Spirit.
Upon returning to the shore, Ocean Institute maritime program director Dan Goldbacher said universally, the crew and the more than a dozen citizens, now equipped with upgraded sea-legs, enjoyed the tour.
Goldbacher said that the history of the famous naturalist characters that have passed through Dana Point, combined with the natural elements by-land and by-sea, hit all the elements of the Ocean Institute's goal of universal “ocean literacy.”
“Humans are directly tied to the ocean,” Goldbacher reminded.
Stepping over the of thick rope now tying the Spirit to the dock, the irony sets in that being tied to the ocean means recognizing the fluid motion of, and our space within, the bountiful natural beauty surrounding us in Dana Point.
Name:
Photo
The ancients often believed a celestial event like an eclipse to be a bad omen, that the sun or the moon vanishing from the sky was a harbinger of disaster, a sign of devastation or destruction to come.
We now know that's not true: There's no evidence that eclipses like the one that will cross the United States on Aug. 21 affect our behavior, our health or even the environment. But they still have the power to move us in ways that are unlike any other astronomical event.
Some eclipse chasers, including people who study these occurrences, say they are addicted to basking in the moon's shadow, the feeling of simultaneously being engulfed and overwhelmed. We may have a tacit understanding of how our solar system works, but watching the sun disappear behind the moon reminds us of the vastness of space and the enduring mysteries of the universe we inhabit. They remind us that we are somehow both infinitesimal and infinite, that despite the confines and tedium of our daily lives, we live in an amazing reality, one that we lack the language to truly articulate.
That may be why most of us tend not to engage with those thoughts too much, until something like a solar eclipse happens, and we're forced to reckon with the awesomeness of space.
Not everyone will be able to experience the eclipse next Monday — only those lucky enough to live in its path or travel to it. For those of us who won't get to experience the absolution of celestial darkness, music can have a similar effect: It can completely consume and subsume and put us in touch with both our inner and outer selves. I've assembled a few songs that give me a feeling that I imagine is similar to that of totality.
These are all songs that help me both lose and find myself in their arrangements, and sound progressions that I've always found to invoke a sensation of belonging to something greater. Pink Floyd and Willow Smith ask existential questions about our time on this planet, while Sun Ra and the Flaming Lips swim laps in the absurdity of it all. The songs “Black Energy” and “No Longer” summon the subliminal terror inherent in an event like an eclipse, and “Transcendence” and “Pretty Little Birds” revive the joy of life and the pleasure of surviving to spend another day on Earth.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Sebastian Aho and Victor Rask scored in the third period, helping the Carolina Hurricanes top the slumping Ottawa Senators 2-1 on Tuesday night.
Cam Ward made 29 saves for Carolina in the opener of a season-long eight-game homestand. The Hurricanes returned from the All-Star break with their second straight win after dropping six of eight.
Jean-Gabriel Pageau scored and Craig Anderson made 37 saves for the Senators, who have lost six in a row.
Al (l58rose) & Rosie
Al will always be in my heart, along with their precious family. We become such good friends with our fellow viners that we feel like family, care like family, and hurt like family. I will miss their wit, stories, photo's, and friendship. We've all had so many laughs with him, the snow war, the tank, the lantern on their head, Sue the black squirrel, the leaning tree, just a lot of fun back on the old vine when we could keep up with everyone. I was honored to get to know some of their family, they and Pam raised 2 good men. My heart goes out to Pam, I'm glad they have good family around her, I'm so sorry for their loss. They could always make me laugh no matter how down I was, they were just a special man. In the end, all they wanted was to be with Rosie, I'd like to think that's where they are.
My friend TBN, you will be forever missed,
(((((58rose♥))))
tln
Staff from an East Durham school had the chance to rub shoulders with royalty.
Two staff members from Cotsford Junior School in Horden met the Duchess of Cambridge at the annual Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Awards.
Alison Ross (left), a parent counsellor at Cotsford Junior School, with the Duchess of Cambridge.
Place2Be is the leading children's mental health charity providing in-school support to improve the emotional wellbeing of pupils, families and school staff.
Founded in 1994, the charity also provides expert training for professionals working with children.
They offer a range of mental health services from self-referral to one-to-one counselling for children age 4-14-years-old, building children's and young people's resilience and giving them the tools to cope with life's challenges.
This year's Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Awards were held in London and attended by Princess Kate, who is patron of the charity.
They are a testament to the care and support that school staff and Place2Be counsellors give to pupils and their families Beverley Jones
Joy Hodgkinson, a special educational needs co-ordinator at Cotsford Junior's, was a finalist in the School Hero Award category and picked up a highly commended at the awards.
The audience heard how Joy had been instrumental in developing new approaches to support pupils who are struggling to access learning, due to their emotional wellbeing.
Amy Marshall, deputy headteacher at the Third Street school, said: “Joy works tirelessly, creatively and without judgement to secure the very best outcomes.”
At the awards ceremony, Alison Ross, a parent counsellor at Cotsford Junior's, also received a highly commended award in the Place2Be Chairman's Award category.
This is awarded to those whose dedication has influenced exemplary practice in promoting emotional wellbeing and thanks to Alison, parents with children at the Horden school no longer see accessing counselling as an admission that they can't cope, but rather a tool to help them move forward with their lives.
Beverley Jones, headteacher, who attended the ceremony, was delighted with the commendations.
They said: “They are a testament to the care and support that school staff and Place2Be counsellors give to pupils and their families, in the local community.”
A Kansas father of three, who was detained by immigration officials last week as they were getting their kids ready for school, is facing deportation.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents arrested Syed Ahmed Jamal, 55, outside their home in Lawrence, Kansas, on Jan. 24. He's since been detained and will be deported to Bangladesh, where he's from, ICE said in a statement.
“ ” 'I don't really understand why this is happening'
Jamal has been living in the United States for decades and attained their undergraduate and master degrees here, their family told ABC affiliate KMBC. They and their wife, who is also from Bangladesh, have three children who are all American citizens.
Now, their family worries they'll never see them again.
"I don't really understand why this is happening." Jamal's daughter, Naheen, told KMBC as tears rolled down their cheeks. "So that's frustrating because they haven't done anything wrong."
ABCNews.com
An online petition to stay Jamal's deportation has garnered well over 8,000 signatures. The petition describes them as a "family man, scientist and community leader" who has lived in the United States for 30 years.
"He's obviously a very dedicated dad," Jamal's eldest son, Taseen, told KMBC. "I just want them to come back."
ICE told ABC News in a statement that Jamal initially legally entered the United States in July 1998 on a temporary nonimmigrant visa. After they overstayed that visa, a federal immigration judge gave them 120 days to depart the United States. Jamal abided the judge's order and left for Bangladesh in July 2002, according to the statement from ICE.
Three months later, Jamal legally re-entered the United States on a temporary nonimmigrant visa. They again overstayed their visit and a federal judge gave them 120 days to depart. But Jamal violated the judge's order and failed to leave the United States, so the judge issued a final order of removal, or deportation, according to the statement from ICE.
“ ” 'He's obviously a very dedicated dad. I just want them to come back'
ICE said Jamal came to the agency's attention in September 2012 after they were arrested on misdemeanor criminal charges in Johnson County, Kansas. ICE agents took Jamal into custody and subsequently released them on an order of supervision, requiring them to report to an ICE office in November 2012. In May 2013, the Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed Jamal's appeal of their removal order, according to the statement from ICE.
"To effect this removal order, deportation officers with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested Jamal outside their residence on Jan. 24, 2018.  They are currently in ICE custody pending their removal to Bangladesh," ICE said in the statement.
Jeffrey Bennett, a Kansas City lawyer reportedly retained by the Jamal family, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
From Digital Spy
Ghost Stories directors Jeremy Dyson and Andy Nyman have spoken about the challenges of bringing their hit horror play to the screen.
Remaining as funny and scary as the play, the movie premiered last night (October 5) at the BFI London Film Festival, with the directors highlighting the biggest change between the two versions during a post-screening Q&A.
"It would have been much easier to write an original screenplay. We had to take it through several stages and the first stage was letting go of the theatre show because it was so deeply ground into our heads," The League of Gentlemen's Dyson explained.
The main thing they had to consider was how to adapt the play's lecture-based structure for a movie, allowing them to still tell the three chilling unsolved cases that haunted professional sceptic Phillip Goodman.
"There are twists within the play that we haven't brought over to the film and vice-versa, some of the stuff in the film isn't in the play," Nyman added.
Photo credit: Rex Shutterstock More
(Ghost Stories play)
"One of the big devices in the play is that the whole thing is presented as a lecture that Goodman is giving. The first thing was trying to find Goodman's journey, that became one of the biggest things to unlock."
The result was that the movie sees Goodman (played by Nyman) actually given the cases by a former parapsychologist and their idol, but we won't dare spoil any more of the fiendish surprises up its sleeve.
Ghost Stories also stars Sherlock's Martin Freeman, Paul Whitehouse and Black Mirror's Alex Lawther. A UK release date is to be confirmed.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
For the third straight year, Americans have hit a record high in their giving to good causes. Last year, according to a Giving Institute survey released June 13, donations or grants by individuals and philanthropies totaled $390 billion. The biggest increase, or 6 percent, went to animal-welfare and environmental groups.
Yet these measurements of altruism have a new problem. More people are not limiting the idea of supporting good causes to only charities, churches, or other nonprofits. In the past decade, another type of giving – called “impact investing” – has taken off. This involves people putting their values into action through financing of for-profit companies involved in social causes, from reforestation to prisoner rehabilitation – while also accepting smaller returns than other investments.
An estimated one-third of affluent families now hold impact investments, according to Indiana University's Lilly Family School of Philanthropy and U.S. Trust. And in a survey by the Global Impact Investing Network, the size of this market reached more than $113 billion last year.
The type of impact investors varies widely. They include social entrepreneurs, who apply business practices to pursue a social cause, such as sustainable farming. Or they can be traditional grant-giving foundations that direct part of their endowments toward worthwhile causes, such as solar-panel innovations. Or they can be wealthy families that invest in bonds that finance housing for the homeless.
But one type of investor would greatly increase this type of doing good. In a survey last year by Greenwich Associates and American Century Investments, one-third of institutional investors planned to increase portfolio allocations to impact investing over the next three years.
Defining what is “social good” is not always clear in such investing. Yet many nonprofits, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, are establishing metrics for these investors to follow.
For now, the trend at least breaks up old thinking about what is a nonprofit and a for-profit organization. Most of all, it expands notions of how to achieve the public good and challenges the idea that goodness itself has limits.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
Jessica Gallagher is the only Australian to win a medal at both the Summer and Winter Paralympic Games and is now set to make their Commonwealth Games debut in Gold Coast, Australia, next year.
The 31-year-old won bronze medals in slalom at the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics and created an Australian record by winning the bronze medal in the time trial cycling at Rio 2016.
 They are now set to make their Commonwealth Games debut at Gold Coast 2018 after posting a qualifying time and winning both their sprint and time trial races at the 2018 Para Cycling Track National Championships last weekend.
Gallagher's story is a complex one.
They had initially wanted to be a netball player but, when they lost 90 per cent of their eyesight at 17, they had to reconsider them options.
Four years later, in 2007, they discovered para sport and went on to claim bronze in the ski slalom at their first Winter Paralympics in 2010 before training in javelin and long jump in time for London 2012.
However, after failing to win a medal at London 2012, Gallagher almost missed their chance of winning a Summer Paralympic medal as long jump and javelin were dropped from the Rio 2016 agenda, making them reconsider them options.
“One of the unique elements of Paralympic sport is that not every event is considered," they told the Gold Coast 2018 website.
“For me to fulfil my long term goal, I had to look elsewhere so I took up track cycling.
“My first time at a velodrome [in 2014] was incredibly exciting and overwhelming, knowing this was something I wanted to pursue.
“As soon as we started flying up and down the boards I just fell in love with that speed element.”
Jessica Gallagher, left, won bronze in the giant slalom at Sochi 2014 ©Getty Images
Gallagher's achievements in multiple disciplines started after their mother said: "Try everything once, because you never know what you might be good at or what you might have fun at.”
In an interview with the official Gold Coast 2018 website, the Australian says they have followed this advice throughout their career.
“It's rung true for me in my career,” Gallagher said.
“Having lost the majority of my eyesight as a teenager and since representing Australia in three different sports, I could never have imagined myself at the Commonwealth Games as a para track cyclist.
“If you told me 10 years ago, I'd think you were crazy.”
Gallagher also expressed their excitement of wearing the Australian colours at next year's Commonwealth Games.
“Wearing the green and gold is something I grew up dreaming about achieving,” they said.
“I would sit on the side of the netball courts and watch my mum play netball and I would aspire to one day be like them and represent Australia in netball.
“As things happen and things change my life took an entirely different path so to be able to now compete at a Commonwealth Games as a Paralympic track cyclist blows me away.
“Competing on home soil in a major championship is incredibly exciting for me.
“I can picture the crowds in the Velodrome being sold out and screaming as you push out of the start gate.
“It drives me every single day.
“It's a very exciting opportunity to be a part of.”
RIO GRANDE, Ohio — The River Valley swim team claimed first place in six events on Friday in Gallia County, in the team's home invitational.
The lone first place relay team for the hosts was the girls 400-meter freestyle team. The Lady Raiders had teams take second and eighth in the 200m freestyle relay, while the Silver and Black were sixth in 200m medley.
RVHS senior Alyssa Lollathin placed first in both the 100m freestyle and in the 200m freestyle to lead the Lady Raiders. Also in the 200m freestyle, Maddee Tabor claimed eighth, while Julia Nutter (ninth), Tabor (12th) and Alyssa Bennett (13th) also competed in the 100m freestyle.
The Lady Raiders' other first place finish came from sophomore Elisabeth Moffett in the 50m freestyle, an event in which Jenna Burke was fourth, Alyssa Bennett was 15th and Bailey Bennett was 19th. Moffett also earned a second place finish in the 100m breaststroke, with Nutter claiming sixth in the race.
RVHS senior Kenzie Baker was second in the 100m butterfly and fourth in the 200m individual medley, with Rankin placing seventh in the 100m butterfly. In the 100m backstroke, Jenna Burke was third, while Natosha Rankin was ninth and Bailey Bennett was 12th.
The River Valley boys had relay teams finish third and sixth in the 200m medley, third in the 400m freestyle and fifth in the 200m freestyle.
RVHS sophomore Ethan Cline earned both of the Raiders first place finishes, winning the 400m freestyle and the 200m freestyle, with Wyatt Bragg (8th) and Chase Johnson (11th) also competing in the 200m freestyle. Bragg earned a fifth place finish in the 100m butterfly for the Silver and Black.
The Raiders' lone runner-up was George Rickett in the 100m backstroke, while Ryan Lollathin was sixth and Noah Meerwinck was seventh. Rickett earned a fourth place finish in the 200m individual medley for RVHS, while in the 100m breaststroke, Will Edgar was fourth and Ian Eblin placed ninth.
In the 50m freestyle, Cole Franklin was fourth, Ryan Lollathin took 14th, Eblin placed 18th and Ethan Browning took 20th. Competing in the 100m freestyle for the Raiders were Franklin (sixth), Edgar (seventh), Browning (13th), Meerwinck (15th) and Johnson (21st).
River Valley will swim again on Dec. 23 at the Huntington Invitational.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
By Vongai Mbara
Urban grooves musician Tafadzwa “Skyz” Chizunza believes their second album to be released early next year, will make them a household name in local music.
“The response from my fans was overwhelming and it has encouraged me to make another album that will be released early next year,” said. Chizunza.
The young musician has been working with several musicians on live performances and they are expecting to feature some of them in their coming projects.
“I have been working with Andy Muridzo, Peter Moyo, Beverly Sibanda and some dancehall musicians on a number of songs. I am happy that it has worked well for me.
I have already engaged some of these musicians for collaborations that will feature on my coming album,” they said. They featured Taurai Mandebvu, MK and Slander on their previous album and has promised fans that they seek to maintain the on the forthcoming project.
“As an artist you work to improve as well as making your music appeal to every person in the country. For me it is about hard work and I am determined to grow as an artist,” they said.
On their upcoming project, they have engaged several producers in an effort to come up with different sounds.
“Producers know how to deal with every artist and I have since engaged several producers on my coming album.
It is my wish to work with each and every producer in the country to come up with the best and unique sounds,” they said.
Skyz says they will be engaging several arts stakeholders for counsel as they try to break into the tough music industry. The Herald
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," they say.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. Their company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is their biggest customer by far.
From their home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations their company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in their office, watching the electrician do the installation. They ran out, moved their electric car, plugged in and charged their car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — After their recent struggles offensively, the Spurs welcomed the chance to match baskets with the Denver Nuggets and play at a fast pace.
Even if it led to a few anxious seconds.
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 30 points and San Antonio escaped with a 106-104 victory over Denver on Tuesday night.
"That young team has come leaps and bounds," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "Mike (Malone, Nuggets coach) does a great job with them. So, it's a good win for us."
San Antonio matched a season high with 33 assists while shooting 50 percent from the field.
It was a welcome change for San Antonio, which was in an offensive rut in its two previous games of a five-game homestand.
The Spurs scored 60 points in the first half against the Nuggets after averaging just 40 against Philadelphia and Sacramento, including a season-low 31 against the 76ers on Friday.
"That's definitely the Spurs way," San Antonio point guard Dejounte Murray said. "Sharing the ball, playing defense and just playing together. That's what we did and we came out with a good win."
San Antonio had four players in double figures, including 18 points each from Kyle Anderson and Pau Gasol. Anderson set a career scoring high while shooting 9 for 12 from the field.
The Nuggets were able to match the Spurs' production despite playing the second night of a back-to-back after losing at home to Boston 111-110.
Every Denver starter scored in double figures with Jamal Murray leading the way with 18 points and Gary Harris adding 17.
San Antonio had to battle to win its 11th straight at home over Denver. There were 18 lead changes and the Nuggets came within inches of a game-winning 19th.
Jamal Murray's 3-pointer with 31.6 seconds remaining pulled Denver within 106-104. After San Antonio guard Danny Green missed a 3-pointer, the Nuggets raced down the floor and furiously passed the ball three times to set up Will Barton for a 25-foot 3-pointer that rattled in and out of the rim.
"I just couldn't believe that the opportunities they penetrated, they didn't even look at the 2," Gasol said. "They were trying to set up someone for the 3. They had a great look."
The Nuggets wanted the win.
"It was great ball movement," Denver forward Darrell Arthur said. "We used the clock and we got the shot we wanted to get. It just didn't fall."
The Nuggets finished 10 for 23 on 3-pointers while shooting 47 percent from the field while San Antonio shot 50 percent.
Denver made their first five three-pointers in taking a 17-12 lead, but the Spurs responded by making their first three 3s. It set the tone for a back-and-forth, high-scoring duel.
"Well, I was watching them last night and figured they'd be a little tired tonight, but they came out hitting," Anderson said. "So, hats off to them. They were able to come in and make shots, but we knew them. We know they're a good team, so we just had to buckle down and get the win somehow."
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Mason Plumlee did not play after straining their right calf against Boston on Monday night. Plumlee remained in Denver for an MRI while the team flew to San Antonio. Malone said Plumlee is "going to be out for a little while." . Wilson Chandler was available to play but did not enter the game after being listed as probable with an illness.
Spurs: Aldridge has scored 20-plus points in 33 of 50 games this season. Their previous best for 20-point games was 31 in 74 games during their inaugural season with the Spurs in 2016. . Aldridge was assessed their third technical foul this season with 4:30 remaining in the third quarter after arguing about a non-call against Denver's defense. Aldridge has 18 career technical fouls but only one ejection. . Anderson established a career high with 363 points. Their previous season's best was 350 points in 2016.
OLDER GETTING BETTER
Manu Ginobili joined Sacramento's Vince Carter as the only 40-and-older players with 40 3-pointers in a season.
Ginobili finished 3 for 6 on 3s while scoring 14 points, including six in 31 seconds in the first quarter. After sinking a free throw after being fouled on a reverse layup, they drained the first of their three 3-pointers. Ginobili would later stretch for a low pass and then throw it behind their back to Davis Bertans, who would score on a runner.
FIRST START
Arthur found out Tuesday morning that they would make their first start of the season.
The veteran forward appeared in only seven games this season entering Tuesday, playing a total of 50 minutes. They played 19 minutes against the Spurs, establishing a season high with seven points in the first half and finished with 10 points.
"I'm surprised I didn't get as tired as I thought I was going to be today," Arthur said.
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Host Oklahoma City on Thursday night.
Spurs: Host Houston on Thursday night.
A fire in West Baton Rouge Parish claimed the lives of an elderly man and a boy early Friday morning, leaving a woman and girl injured, officials said.
Family members identified the victims as Henry Williams, 74, and Trevor Baker, 10. Williams died when they went back inside the building to try to rescue the boy, according to family.
“I was just here at 11 o'clock last night. I was just here with my babies and stepdad,” said Baker's mother, LaTonya. “You have to cherish each other, life is just too short.”
Crews responded to a fire at a home on River Road near Allendale Road around 6 a.m. on Friday, February 2.
At the time of the fire, Williams and Baker were inside, along with Carolyn Baker, 55, and Shynia Baker, 9. Carolyn is the grandmother of the two children. When the fire began, family members say Carolyn grabbed a blanket and covered the kids as they tried to escape. Once outside, they realized Trevor was missing. Family members say Williams ran back inside, hoping to find the boy. Neither of them made it.
“I wouldn't have thought either, I would have gone in there myself because that's what you do as a family,” said Michael Miller, Carolyn's brother.
LaTonya Baker described their son as energetic and says they loved cars. “He was awesome,” they said. “He was older in mind. They would hold a conversation with you and you'd wonder, ‘Who is this guy?'”
Carolyn and Shynia Baker were taken to the Baton Rouge General Burn Center for treatment. They were later released from the hospital.
Investigators believe the blaze at the home began when a container of lamp oil came in contact with the flame of a gas heater.
State Fire Marshal Butch Browning says there have been 43 fire-related deaths since the beginning of December. “These numbers are disturbing to me and it's time for action,” Browning said, calling on people to install fire alarms and have an escape plan so these sorts of tragedies do not have to happen again.
The Lobdell Fire Department initially responded to the fire.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
By Susan Crowell / Editor
COLUMBUS — As it gears up for its 100th anniversary in 2019, the Ohio Farm Bureau Federation has refocused its mission and outlined six priorities in a two-year strategic plan that starts in 2018.
More than 350 voting delegates gathered in Columbus Dec. 7-8 for the farm organization's annual meeting and policy development sessions. Another 300 members and guests also attended the event.
The event's theme, “Together with farmers,” was part of a larger branding effort, complete with website and the new mission statement, to position the state Farm Bureau as a cornerstone for a stronger Ohio.
The mission statement — “Working together for Ohio farmers to advance agriculture and strengthen our communities.” — was approved by the OFBF board earlier this year.
During the meeting, Executive Vice President Adam Sharp outlined the strategic plan and its goals: advocacy, membership, communication, financial strength, strategic partnerships and organizational excellence.
“You want us watching your back while you're in the fields,” Sharp said of the organization's monitoring of legislation, policies and rulings that impact agriculture.
Ag unity
Sharp emphasized the organization's role in building ag unity, because it crosses commodity boundaries, and said Ohio Farm Bureau has been increasing activities with other ag partners.
“Nobody is better situated — nobody can do this, other than Farm Bureau,” they told delegates.
“We have to be looking out for agriculture as a whole,” Sharp said, “We're the ones bringing people together. Nobody else can do it. Only Farm Bureau.”
Membership
Sharp was blunt that the farm group wants to grow certain segments of its membership, specifically active members. OFBF grew those members 5 percent last year and is on target to increase active members another 5% this year.
Gross dues income for the first 10 months of 2017 was nearly $8.9 million.
Policy discussion
Delegates reviewed more than 100 pages of existing and proposed state policies, which guides the organization's legislative efforts.
Delegates called for uniform state and federal nutrient applications standards that differentiate between agronomic, economic and environmental thresholds. They also support regulatory review that uses sound science to find water quality solutions that are compatible with productive food production.
Also among the proposals, they voted to support beginning farmers and programs that provide incentives for persons who sell land, facilities, machinery, livestock and other assets to beginning farmers.
The organization also strengthened its commitment to limiting the power of eminent domain.
Delegates also reaffirmed their work in local communities to prevent and treat drug addiction and will seek national policy to curtail the over-prescription of opioids.
On national policy issues, OFBF members strongly supported crop insurance and continuation of the harvest price option. They also addressed a vaccine bank for livestock, milk labeling and protection of pollinator habitat.
Elections
Frank Burkett III of Massillon was re-elected OFBF president. This will be their second full term as president.
Burkett has been on the state board since 2007 representing members from Columbiana, Mahoning, Portage and Stark counties. With three uncles, Burkett co-owns and manages Clardale Farms, Inc., a dairy and crop farm near Canal Fulton.
Bill Patterson of Geauga County was re-elected first vice president, and Cy Prettyman of New Bloomington was re-elected treasurer.
Six Ohio Farm Bureau trustees were re-elected at this year's annual meeting: Al DiVencenzo, of Grafton, representing Cuyahoga, Erie, Huron and Lorain counties; Roger Baker, of Wooster, representing Ashland, Medina, Summit and Wayne counties; Katherine Harrison, Canal Winchester, representing Delaware, Franklin, Madison and Union counties; Bill Waddle, of Springfield, representing Champaign, Clark, Darke and Miami counties; Al Miller, of Marietta, representing Belmont, Monroe, Noble and Washington counties; and Lane Osswald, of Eldorado, representing Butler, Hamilton, Montgomery and Preble counties.
Jenny Cox, of Dresden, was elected southeast regional trustee, succeeding Patty DeBruin, of Millersport, who chose not to seek re-election.
Cox and their husband, Jared, own Cox Seed Sales, sell crop insurance and raise 1.5 acres of hops which they sell to local breweries in Muskingum County. They also are part of Cox Brothers Farm, where they raise corn, soybeans and wheat in Muskingum and Coshocton counties.
The Ohio Farm Bureau's Young Agricultural Professionals also elected their leaders for 2018. Wes and Brandi Montgomery of Fayette County were elected chair couple, Dustin and Casey Converse of Union County were elected co-chairs, and Liza Musselman of Pickaway County was elected secretary.
Crucially, the driver never gets a special code or key, so they won't have access to your vehicle beyond a given delivery. Amazon also checks that the driver is in the right location and carrying the right package. You shouldn't have to worry about a malicious driver using this as an excuse to swipe your ride.
The service is live for Prime subscribers in 37 cities around the US, and doesn't carry an extra charge. As with existing options like Key and Prime Now, Amazon isn't shy about its strategy here: it wants to be the fastest and most convenient option for your orders, particularly when you can't be home. And there's plenty of competitive pressure to do this -- Walmart has been speeding up its own delivery process, and it won't be surprising if in-car deliveries quickly become more than a novelty.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
After a not-so-subtle hint in a Twitch stream, it's official: there's a new Fallout game on the way. Bethesda has posted a teaser trailer for Fallout 76 ahead of its premiere at E3. You won't find many details about the gameplay itself, but there are hints that this might be a slightly different take on the post-apocalyptic world. For one, the game's namesake Vault 76 is important to Fallout lore -- it's one of the few "control" (baseline) vaults. The choice of music might also be a clue, as Bethesda ditched the usual '30s and '40s music for a cover of John Denver's "Country Roads." Is it set in West Virginia, then?
Hart case saver ? Hi fellas, anybody uses a Hart Barrel Company Case Saver to tighten up the primer pockets on your cases?
DENVER -- Matt McGloin suffered an injury to their left shoulder in the Raiders' 24-6 loss to the Broncos?on Sunday,?putting Oakland's quarterback situation in an even tougher spot entering the playoffs.?
McGloin, making their first start since regular No. 1 Derek Carr broke their leg, was replaced by rookie Connor Cook.
McGloin was injured on a late hit by Broncos defensive end Jared Crick with less than two minutes left in the first half. Cook, the Raiders' fourth-round draft pick out of Michigan State, made their NFL debut after not being active all season, and they completed two of their first three passes for 8 yards.
"I wanted to play out there tonight,'' McGloin said. "If I'm not 100 percent healthy, that's not what this team needs. I plan on being 100 percent healthy (for AFC wild-card opponent Houston).''
Cook finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards, with one touchdown and one interception. They also lost a fumble.
McGloin, meanwhile, was just 6 of 11 for 21 yards as the Raiders trailed 17-0 at halftime. They were originally ruled questionable to return as they went to the locker room after being worked on by trainers on the sidelines.
"I got hit pretty good (on) the play," said McGloin, whose record as a starter in the NFL fell to 1-6 with their sixth straight loss in their first start since 2013. "I saw the hit on the replay and saw it was helmet to helmet. But sometimes that happens. You got to take those shots as the quarterback.
"I couldn't throw in a motion that I'm used to, my normal motion. I'll get in there bright and early tomorrow to get treatment to get ready."
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio would not commit to a starting quarterback for next weekend's playoff game at Houston, though did intimate McGloin would get the nod if they were healthy.
"Obviously, (McGloin) has more experience in our system, a little bit longer," Del Rio said. "But I thought Connor did a nice job, with the opportunities that they had."
Cook said the game came "fast" for them and that the Raiders ran plays they had never run before in practice. They had not dressed for a game all season until Sunday.
"Going the whole week not getting a lot of reps and just being thrown out there, it's just the name of the game," Cook said. "When you're playing the quarterback spot, if one man goes down then it's next man up. I was frustrated I didn't get out there and get some reps. I was trying to get the timing down with the receivers, but it didn't go the way we wanted it to go."
If McGloin can't go, Cook would be the first quarterback to start a playoff game without starting a regular-season game in the Super Bowl era (since 1966), according to Elias Sports Bureau.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.?
From Texas Standard:
As the legislative session heads into its final six weeks, lawmakers have a lot left to do. They face the task of reconciling budgets passed by the House and Senate into a single document. They must act on the governor's emergency agenda items. And they'll need to decide the fate of the more than 6,000 bills filed during the session.
Texas Tribune Executive Editor Ross Ramsey says conflicts between House and Senate Republicans that have been brewing all sessions will continue to play out as the two bodies work to produce a final budget for the state.
“We're at the greatest difference right now,” Ramsey says. “This is a pretty normal state of affairs. They rattle their swords a bunch, and then five members from each body go into a room and go line by line through the budget and reconcile their differences. So they're making a lot of noises right now. They have plenty of time to fix it. They do have some really significant differences to close though.“
Among the most high-profile fights this session has been the so-called ‘bathroom bill' which would require people to use the bathroom associated with the gender on their birth certificate in selected public places. Lt. Governor Dan Patrick is the bill's staunchest advocate, and House Speaker Joe Straus is against it. The fight, Ramsey says, is partly about how conservative voters and business backers of the party differ no the bill.
“The Republicans in the Legislature are in a little bit of a box,” Ramsey says. “It looks like their voters are mostly for the bathroom bill. But if you poll businesses that have been supporters of conservatives, they're against this bill. They think it's discriminatory.”
But Republicans disagree about more than the bathroom bill, and that conflict is reflected in the makeup of each legislative chamber, Ramsey says.
“A long time ago we had a two-party state and both parties were Democrats,” they say. “And now we've got a two-party state where both parties are Republicans. The House is sort of the traditional, mainstream Republican party...The Senate is dominated more by movement conservatives, social conservatives and populists. And the two leaders of those bodies, Joe Straus in the House and Dan Patrick in the Senate, kind of embody those different Republican parties.”
Ramsey says there's also a difference in the way the chambers move through their work.
“The Senate tends to work more quickly, in a more populist way,” they say. “The House tends to be the place where things slow down, and get a slow consideration and maybe pass and maybe die. “
Of course, there is another party represented in the Legislature. Ramsey says Democrats have had limited success in advocating for their priorities.
“The Democrats have a bigger voice in the House,” Ramsey says. “They have bigger numbers. They're more likely to vote against things and rattle around and make people come to them to make deals.”
A few measures have attracted bipartisan support, Ramsey says, and two are priorities for the governor as well. One of these is anti-sanctuary city legislation, which Ramsey thinks will be approved by both houses. Fixes to the state's child protective services system are also on the governor's emergency agenda, and Ramsey expects the chambers to pass legislation.
“It looks like the members of both houses from both parties agree that child protective services in Texas is messed up, and needs some help, and needs some money,” they say. “And I think they've done both of those things. They've got some legislation moving. They're throwing a bunch of money at it.”
Written by Shelly Brisbin.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve, claiming the process of killing them could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside their head.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996. They would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017.
Bucklew, 49, was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew's rare medical condition, cavernous hemangioma. The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, tumors in their head and throat and on their lip, and vein problems.
Their attorney, Cheryl Pilate, is again asking the Supreme Court to intervene, claiming Bucklew's condition has only gotten worse.
The tumor on Bucklew's lip has grown substantially since 2014 and is now the size of a grape, Pilate said. They believe the internal tumors have grown, too, and will likely rupture and bleed during the execution, potentially causing Bucklew "to choke and cough on their own blood during the lethal injection process."
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley disagrees, writing in their filing to the Supreme Court that the growth in Bucklew's mouth shrunk 10 percent between 2010 and 2016.
The condition also compromises their veins, and Pilate said the fatal injection couldn't be administered in the typical way through an arm vein. Hawley wrote that the lethal dose of pentobarbital could be administered through a leg or other vein instead of the arm.
Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens. A spokesperson for the governor declined comment.
Bucklew's appeals have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still provides for the option of lethal gas, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
Bucklew became angry when their girlfriend, Stephanie Ray, ended their relationship in 1996. Hawley said in court filings that Bucklew slashed Ray's face with a knife, beat them and threatened to kill them They took their children and left.
Over the next two weeks, Bucklew stalked Ray, even as they stole a car, firearms, two sets of handcuffs and duct tape. They eventually found out where they were staying and broke into the southeastern Missouri trailer home of Michael Sanders, Ray's new boyfriend, fatally shooting him. When Sanders' 6-year-old son came out of hiding, Bucklew shot at the boy and missed.
Bucklew pistol-whipped Ray, put them in handcuffs and dragged them to their car, where they raped them
Police pursued Bucklew — a chase ending in a gunfight that wounded an officer. Once in jail, Bucklew managed to escape and went to the home of Ray's mother, where they attacked them with a hammer before they were finally captured.
Some civil rights organizations have joined in asking that Bucklew be allowed to live out their life in prison. In a letter last week to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the American Civil Liberties Union wrote that executing Bucklew "would be egregious, torturous, and in violation of the U.S. and international law prohibiting torture, cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment."
Looking for your next audition shoe? Shot at and in collaboration with Broadway Dance Center, Só Dança has launched a new collection of shoes working with some pretty famous faces of the musical theater world! Offered in two different styles and either 2.5" or 3" heels, top industry professionals are loving how versatile and supportive these shoes are! Pro tip: The heel is centered under the body so you can feel confident and stable!
The Last Jedi has been hailed as the best Star Wars film ever, while critics and fans have praised Adam Driver's star-making performance as Kylo Ren.
The film, directed by Rian Johnson, has been screening for press and critics in both the UK and the US, where it will go on general release on Thursday and Friday respectively.
Early viewers have singled out Driver's return in a role they originated in 2015's The Force Awakens.
One early viewer wrote: "#TheLastJedi is ... amazing. Gamechanging. Johnson delivers the best movie ever (OT excluded). And Adam Driver? Oscar worthy. Also the biggest twist since I am your father..."
The Independent's culture editor, Christopher Hooton, wrote: "I'll keep it short. #TheLastJedi makes The Force Awakens look like child's play."
Lou Thomas, digital production editor at the BFI, said: "Lots to say about #thelastjedi.
"Adam Driver is now A-list if there was any doubt before. Rian Johnson does a great job as writer-director. Oh and it is easily the funniest and most spectacular of the #StarWars films."
Another early viewer wrote: "#TheLastJedi is mostly excellent with a few niggles. Adam Driver continues to be downright stunning as Kylo Ren."
Another said: "Star Wars: #TheLastJedi - simple storytelling beautifully done. A classic. No wonder LucasFilm gave @rianjohnson three more films. And as always, Adam Driver continues to be the MVP."
Joshua Yehl, editor of IGN Comics, praised the film, saying: "I am STUNNED by #StarWars #TheLastJedi. I gasped, I laughed, I screamed, I cried and I had the time of my life. Rian Johnson pulled it off, making what might be the best Star Wars movie ever. "
Other viewers said they would return to see the film again, with one writing: "Just got back from a press screening of #TheLastJedi It's not often that I'll go see a movie more than once in the theaters, This will definitely be one of those."
However, some noted that the long running time - more than two-and-a-half hours - was a downside.
One member of the audience wrote on Twitter: "Finally out from the @starwars screening! You'll get your cinema ticket money's worth ... IT IS LONG!
"Enjoyable, but as is so often the way nowadays, at least 30 mins too much. Don't know about the Jedi, but the art of 'a 2hr edit', is dead! Now for the loo queue! #thelastjedi"
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is released in UK cinemas on December 14.
“The clamor to identify ‘an author' is indicative of an alarming trend by opponents of our investigation,” Mr. Nelson said, “which is to promote spurious allegations against committee embers and staff. They will not impact the committee's focus and commitment to continue this investigation.”
But they praised Mr. Patel, saying, “We value Kash's dedication and their contributions to the committee's oversight efforts.”
Mr. Patel, who did not respond to a request for comment for this article, grew up in Garden City, N.Y., and graduated from the University of Richmond in 2002. They earned a certificate in international law from the University College London Faculty of Laws, according to their Facebook page, and graduated from Pace University's law school in 2005.
Photo
They spent part of their career in the Miami area as a federal public defender in Florida before surprising their co-workers there by taking a job at the Justice Department in 2014, according to their Facebook profile.
In early 2016, during a court appearance in Houston, Mr. Patel found themselves in the cross hairs of Judge Lynn N. Hughes of Federal District Court, who became incensed that Mr. Patel had used the internet credentials of another lawyer to give notice that they would be involved in a terrorism case, and then did not like how they were dressed.
“The last thing I need here, Mr. Patel,” the judge said, according to a transcript of the hearing, “is a bureaucrat who flies down here at great expense and causes trouble rather than actually is a productive member of the team.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After working on counterterrorism cases at the Justice Department, Mr. Patel joined the Intelligence Committee last spring as a senior staff member, and has been at the forefront of Mr. Nunes's inquiry into whether the F.B.I. and the Justice Department abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Over the summer, Mr. Nunes dispatched Mr. Patel and another member of the committee's Republican staff to London, where they showed up unannounced at the offices of Mr. Steele, a former British intelligence official.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Told Mr. Steele was not there, Mr. Patel and Douglas E. Presley, a professional staff member, managed to track them down at the offices of their lawyers. There, they said they were seeking only to establish contact with Mr. Steele, but were rebuffed and left without meeting him, according to two people with knowledge of the encounter.
A senior official for the Republican majority on the Intelligence Committee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about the matter, said the purpose of the visit had been to make contact with Mr. Steele's lawyers, not Mr. Steele. Still, the visit was highly unusual and appeared to violate protocol, because they were trying to meet with Mr. Steele outside official channels.
Ordinarily, such a visit would be coordinated through lawyers, conducted with knowledge of the House Democrats, who were not informed and the American Embassy.
In the months since, Mr. Patel has apparently forged connections at the White House. In November, they posted a series of photos to Facebook of them and several friends wearing matching shirts at the White House bowling alley. “The Dons hit the lanes at 1600 Pennsylvania,” Mr. Patelh wrote under the photos.
The World Health Organization has declared an end to the yellow fever outbreak that killed about 400 people in Congo and Angola, calling it "one of the largest and most challenging" in recent years.
The WHO statement Tuesday says 965 cases were confirmed but thousands of others had been suspected. Neither country had reported a new confirmed case in the past six months.
Angola in late December declared an end to its outbreak, and Congo made its announcement Tuesday.
The global health agency said more than 30 million people were vaccinated in emergency campaigns to control the outbreak in the two neighboring countries, which have among the world's weakest health systems.
"This unprecedented response exhausted the global stockpile of yellow fever vaccines several times," WHO said.
A U.S. judge is preparing to drop Prime Minister Hun Sen's eldest son as a defendant in a lawsuit accusing them of the wrongful imprisonment of CNRP official Meach Sovannara, according to Mr. Sovannara's lawyer.
Mr. Sovannara, a dual Cambodian and U.S. citizen, is suing Lieutenant General Hun Manet, who holds several top military posts, and the Cambodian government for their “arbitrary, extra-legal and long-term detention.” The Phnom Penh Municipal Court sentenced Mr. Sovannara to 20 years in prison in 2015 for “insurrection” over their alleged role in a 2014 protest that turned violent.
However, since their lawyer, Morton Sklar, filed the suit about a year ago, the U.S. District Court of the Central District of California has been deliberating whether it even has jurisdiction.
An American man, Paul Hayes, attempted to serve Lt. Gen. Manet a subpoena while they were in Los Angeles for a visit last April, but says they were attacked by members of the general's security detail before they could do so. Mr. Sovannara's team has been trying ever since to convince the court that the attempt should count because Mr. Hayes was blocked by people the general had authority and control over.
Judge George Wu already seemed skeptical that the subpoena had been duly served in February, when they issued a “tentative ruling” that the court had no jurisdiction. They were doubtful the general could be held responsible for what the alleged attackers had done, but agreed to give the plaintiffs another chance to convince him.
After another hearing on Thursday, Judge Wu remained unconvinced, said Mr. Sklar, who was contacted in California.
The judge seemed to have decided on “letting Hun Manet be dismissed from the case based on what they consider inadequate evidence that they were served,” they said. “He's in the process of dropping Hun Manet as a defendant in the case.”
Mr. Sklar said the decision was not yet official, but that they expected it to happen soon.
“I thought there was a lot of evidence linking Hun Manet to the attack on the process server and I think that was a mistake,” they said of the pending decision.
Mr. Sklar said they had presented the court with evidence that the two attackers they identified were both “associated” with Lt. Gen. Manet and that one of them had even served in the general's security team in Cambodia.
Lawyers for Lt. Gen. Manet did not reply to requests for comment.
Though disappointed by the court's leanings, Mr. Sklar said it would have little effect on their team's efforts to carry on with the same allegations against the Cambodian government, which has been served.
Though foreign governments are generally immune from prosecution in U.S. courts, there are exceptions, and Mr. Sklar hopes to exploit them by transferring the case to a court in Washington D.C., where such cases can be tried.
The Cambodian government has opted out of defending itself, apparently believing that U.S. courts don't have jurisdiction over the government as a whole, either.
Mr. Sklar said the Los Angeles Police Department also testified on Thursday that its investigation into the attack on Mr. Hayes, the process server, was still ongoing. Mr. Hayes required spinal surgery after the alleged attack. Lt. Gen. Manet has said that their bodyguards did not attack Mr. Hayes and that they must have “somehow tripped and fell.”
peter@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Image by Bobby Finger.
In September, when Donald Trump admitted, at last, that Barack Obama is in fact a born American, Twitter imploded. Many times, Twitter has also exploded. Twitter has gone both nuts, thanks to Al Roker, and wild, thanks to Trump's mom. Twitter had a meltdown when the Cubs won the World Series in November. And when Trump was elected president, Twitter freaked out, as it tends to do quite often. Twitter appeared utterly in shock. Twitter lost it over a home-wrecking penguin, which seems like an insignificant thing to “lose it” over. At one point, Twitter even snarked.
Advertisement
Twitter, a social media platform magically imbued with human feelings that appears to always exhibit one collective emotion at a time, has a tendency to go crazy, has a dark side and loves to attack, aware perhaps that it has the power to build and destroy. Twitter often throws shade and once slammed Bernie Sanders when their DNC speech pushed back The Bachelorette. All of Twitter at one point loved Ryan Reynolds' face. From one day to the next, Twitter has proven to be all over the place, can't decide what it wants to be, who it wants to be, how it wants to feel, up or down, or how it should move about the world. Twitter struggles to maintain a steady emotional state and simply be okay with who it is.
At the risk of sounding too dank, Twitter had fun this year, too. It threw parties! Hosted by—who else—Twitter. A party? Where? Online. Parties where Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West appeared as figments of Twitter's imagination. It's almost as if Twitter is trapped in a fantasy world, barricaded by its own despair and sense of entitlement. Or could it be that the problem is us, projecting our fears, worries and unnecessary angst onto Twitter...
Advertisement
There are times I feel like grabbing Twitter by its muscular forearms and pleading with it to get it together. “Twitter, you need help!” I would scream. And Twitter would scream back, “No! You do!” And then Twitter would run off crying, arms flailing. I would stare at Twitter from behind and wonder why it has to be this way. But I would say nothing in return because what Twitter said is true. We all need help.
An envoy says Maldives will not extend the state of emergency that is due to expire on Thursday amid criticism of the government over the recent political turmoil.
Mohamed Hussain Shareef, ambassador to neighboring Sri Lanka, said the government "has no intention of extending" the emergency when its 30-day period expires, "barring very unusual circumstances such as widespread violence."
Maldives declared an emergency due to turmoil following a Supreme Court ruling ordering the release of several of the president's jailed political opponents. Under the emergency law, President Yameen Abdul Gayoom had two Supreme Court judges arrested for alleged corruption and the remaining three judges annulled the order to release Yameen's opponents.
The emergency regulations gave Maldives' security forces sweeping powers, including to make arrests and search and seize property.
———
This story has been corrected to show emergency is set to expire Thursday, not Wednesday.
Technical delegates from international federations have completed a two day visit to San Diego as preparations for the inaugural Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) World Beach Games continue.
ANOC said the visit was to give delegates a chance to assess the proposed venues for their competitions at the Games in the American city.
Delegates will now be able to give feedback on the existing plans, with the visit coinciding with the full confirmation of the final list of 15 sports and 17 disciplines for the Games.
Aquathlon, a combination of running and swimming, was proposed as the sole triathlon discipline, while a five kilometres open water swimming race was also included.
BMX cycling, bouldering, beach handball, kata karate, kitefoil sailing, park skateboarding, beach soccer, beach tennis, 3x3 basketball, beach volleyball 4x4 and beach wrestling also feature.
Shortboard and longboard surfing events are now proposed, along with water ski jumping and wakeboarding.
It has been claimed that delegates were impressed by the size and space of Mission Beach, where competition venues and practice areas will be located.
ANOC said the federations will have enough space to hold their events, but they have also ensured that all competitions will be hosted in one area, allowing fans to easily walk between venues.
All of the federations present had meetings with ANOC and San Diego 2019 to further discuss plans for their sports.
The meetings gave governing bodies the opportunity to suggest amendments to ensure athletes have the best experience.
A general overview of the Games concept and plan was presented to each delegate present.
The visit coincided with confirmation of the full sport programme for the Games ©ANOC
This included a review of the field of play, along with information on preparation areas, medical plans, media provision, equipment, accommodation, transport, doping controls and visa guidelines.
Hotels which will be used to accommodate athletes and officials during the Games were also toured by officials.
It is anticipated that the 15 sports will bring together approximately 1,300 athletes from every Olympic continent during six days of competition.
It is not expected that every National Olympic Committee (NOC) will participate in the sporting competition.
However, all 206 of the world's NOCs would be expected to be represented at the ANOC General Assembly taking place alongside the Games.
The event was initially due to take place in 2017 but two years ago was pushed back to 2019 to allow more time for preparations.
BUYERS let an opportunity to purchase quality females slip through their fingers at last week's Primaries Manjimup Female sale.
Despite a quality yarding of mated and unmated females offered by local vendors, the prices and clearance were back on what the Primaries team had hoped for pre-sale, due to a lack of buying support.
A good number of the offering had a later calving date, as late as July in some instances, and buyers commented that it is hard to get late calves into the slaughter system as the change to grainfed has been made by that time.
It was a disappointing result for all concerned, especially at the top end where the females were comparable to any sale this selling season.
That said, other sales this season have seen a distinct difference in support for owner-bred females compared with those bought in and mated for this type of sale.
Strong buyer support from Delaney Livestock Services (DLS) , Busselton and Cameron Harris, Elders Manjimup, sharing the bulk of the cattle sold, along with a couple of local graziers provided a reasonable base to the sale.
The overall end result, including post auction sales until Farm Weekly left the sale, saw 73 of 177 mated females find buyers, topping at $1950 while six of six pregnancy tested not detectable in calf sold to $1000.
Almost the entire offering was Angus.
Unfortunately the bulls offered fared no better, with one selling for $1500 from the six offered.
The first pens to sell were from Beacham Brothers, Carbanup, with the first line of nine excellent heifers selling for $1950 and it was Daniel Delaney, DLS, buying these for client Parapituri Super Fund, Vasse.
The next line of nine went the same way at $1900.
Ironically, these females had travelled a good distance to end up back almost next door to where they left.
DLS then paid $1700 for eight owner-bred heifers from Rimrock Grazing, Boyup Brook, with these clerked to Milyeanup Pastoral, Scott River.
Bob Pessotto, F Pessotto & Sons, Manjimup, took home a line of eight sold account M Levi, paying $1750 for these.
The jury at Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
This time, their defence team mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago — a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"He thought they were paying for peace. They didn't get it," the lawyer said.
In a two-hour, tag-team closing argument, Mesereau and Bliss highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Mesereau, best known for winning an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case, showed jurors a list of what they said were Constand's "biggest lies" and displayed excerpts from their police statements and testimony to help back up their claims.
They also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team where they worked, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when they say it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
The date of Cosby's encounter with Constand is important because of when they were charged. Prosecutors reopened the case in 2015, and they were charged late that year — just before the 12-year statute of limitations was set to expire.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that they were the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be their grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed their lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
By Michael R. Sisak, The Associated Press
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews
Most Popular Interviews
Finding Value Opportunities in the Domestic-Focused Market of Indonesia James Morton
Companies covered: 005930 NMR ITOCY BFIN CFIN ERAA 1800 PTPP WSKT PNBN
Creating Long and Short Exposures to ETFs Using Options Jeffrey S. Pavlick
Protecting Portfolios with a Quality Overlay and Diversification Into Asset Classes Jason Jackman
Companies covered: SJM ORCL MSFT ADBE
By Whitlaw Mugwiji
Even after purging Mujuru and their colleagues, factionalism remains rife within Zanu PF. Mugabe knows that their leadership can only be secure when there is division and infighting in Zanu PF. In 2013, the Lacoste faction thought the succession debate was a done deal but the master was at work. Doing what they know best, dividing and conquering. Mugabe through their wife created the new faction nicknamed Generation 40 (G40). Surely, the more the things change in Zanu PF the more they remain the same.
Young but old Zanu PF Politics
One would have hoped that the emergence of this Generation 40 would bring a breath of fresh air to Zanu PF politics and possibly to the succession debate. It is unfortunate, these supposedly young Zanu PF members (young in Zanu PF terms) are young in name only; their politics is the same tired and old Zanu PF politics. Perhaps because the puppet master is a living ancestor.
Most people agree, succession debate in Zanu PF is inevitable. The law of nature must take its course and cannot be reversed. Mugabe is in their twilight. But Kasukuwere, a member of the Generation 40 had the audacity to label any succession discussion treasonous. With such threats, you would be forgiven to think that people are discussing the succession of a king. But no, people are discussing the succession of a self-serving frail nonagenarian, a corruption kingpin, an incompetent president if I may add.
That said, Kasukuwere's statement is both welcome and worrying at the same time. Welcome in that it has made it plainly clear that the faction Generation 40 does not subscribe to democratic principles. Freedom of expression is alien to this mafia clique. At least, it has laid its autocratic credentials on the table for all of us to see. However, the statement is worrying in that it shows Zanu PF is incapable of ushering in a new dispensation post Mugabe era. A dispensation: where issues and ideas can be openly debated without threats of victimization.
Jonathan Moyo and the bankruptcy of the Generation 40
Jonathan Moyo, another key figure in the faction Generation 40 waded into the succession debate during their Sapes lecture a few weeks ago. Instead of putting their faction's ideas on the table, they turned the succession debate into a discussion of personalities. Even reducing it further to who joined the liberation struggle the earliest. As if this will help in any way to solve our current challenges.
If this is the best the learned professor can do, then Generation 40 is doomed post Mugabe. It's supposed to be a faction of the young, a faction of ideas. I am afraid they are proving that Zanu PF is incapable of transformation. Both factions are behaving the same. Post Mugabe era, Zimbabweans expect to see our politics become a contest of ideas. Let this contest of power for the sake of power die with Mugabe and their generation if there is still anyone else left.
Chipanga another Zanu PF sycophant
We all know Zanu PF is full of sycophants but Kudzanai Chipanga another member of the Generation 40 took bootlicking to another level. Last week, they heaped adulations on Mugabe, even equating them to an angel. If the Mugabes had any shame they would have been embarrassed by such empty flattery. Even some staunch Zanu PF supporter felt uncomfortable with such idolatry..
Kudzanai Chipanga
Given the opportunity to address the nation, all Kudzanai could do was sing Mugabe praises. You can only but wonder how such an empty vessel ended up occupying such a position. Surely with leaders like Chipanga how can a new Zimbabwe be born?
Pre-independence nationalist leaders did not rise through ranks because they could sing praises but because they articulated issues affecting the people and offered solutions. But in the not so distant future it is not surprising to find this ignoramus being appointed a ministerial post.
The youth are the vanguard of the struggle for a new Zimbabwe
But this tom foolery is not unique to Zanu PF alone; it cuts across the political divide. Even though most youth leaders in the opposition movement are university graduates, they have not advanced or articulated any clear policies. As the vanguard of the struggle they have been found wanting. They have absconded their responsibility to shape the national discourse.
Takura Zhangazha has tried without success to initiate a debate, challenging the neoliberal policies being pushed by both the opposition and government. Unfortunately, no one dared to take them up on the debate. It's as if there is consensus in Zimbabwe over neoliberal policies and they are a madman ranting over nothing.
I presume, this adequately describes the interregnum described by Gramsci when they said the old is dying but the new cannot be born. I posit that the youth will only be able to fulfil their historical mandate as the vanguard of our struggle for a new Zimbabwe when they begin to intellectually interrogate national issues and ideas thus shaping the national discourse.
The youth are too important to be used just as foot soldiers
There is absolutely no excuse for the mediocrity they have thus far displayed. Thomas Sankara, Malcolm X and many others were able to help transform their societies in their thirties. Mandela's youth league was able to launch Umkhonto we Sizwe by convincing the ANC to change its non-violence policy. Malema's youth league was able to force the ANC to adopt the economic radical transformation policy.
It is not enough to chant Mugabe must go or to praise them but the youth must begin to paint the Zimbabwe they want to build. Failure to play this historic and critical role will facilitate their abuse in politics. The youth are too important a resource to be used as foot soldiers in this our struggle.
Aluta continua!
Powered by robust order growth and healthy production, American manufacturing expanded last month at the fastest pace in 13 years, figures from the Institute for Supply Management showed on Oct. 2.
Factory index climbed to 60.8 (est. 58.1), the highest since May 2004, from 58.8; readings above 50 indicate expansion
Measure of new orders increased to 64.6, the strongest since February, from 60.3 Employment gauge rose to 60.3, the best reading in more than six years, from 59.9 Index of prices paid advanced to 71.5, the highest since May 2011, from 62
The strength of the advances in the ISM's gauges partly reflects impacts from hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Harvey forced the shutdowns of Houston-area refineries and chemical plants. Many retail establishments, including car dealerships, were flooded in the storms and merchandise was destroyed.
Timothy Fiore, the ISM survey committee chairperson, said that the most direct impact from the storms was in the supplier deliveries index, indicating slower deliveries; that gauge factors into the overall index.
Seventeen of 18 industries reported growth in September; only furniture makers showed contraction, according to ISM.
While increased factory bookings and production may also reflect a bounce-back from the storm, the nation's producers had already been on firmer footing because of improving global demand and an increase in U.S. capital spending. The ISM also reported a pickup in its measure of exports as producers benefit from a U.S. dollar that's weakened this year, making American-made goods more attractive to overseas purchasers.
Orders will probably remain strong in coming months as a gauge of customer inventories held close to a six-year low. What's more, the ISM's order backlogs index crept up to the highest level since April 2011, helping explain why more factories are stepping up hiring.
Other highlights from the report include:
The ISM production measure rose to three-month high of 62.2 in September from 61.
The measure of export orders climbed to 57 from 55.5.
The Gauge of order backlogs rose to 58 from 57.5
The Index of supplier deliveries increased to 64.4, the highest reading since July 2004, from 57.1. This figure shows longer lead times as producers have trouble meeting demand.
By Agnel Philip
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. However, the al-Qaida linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab often carries out such attacks.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
By Jill Serjeant
, (Reuters) - Tim McGrath emerged from the 2012 movie theater shooting in Aurora, Colorado, physically unscathed, but their heart breaks whenever another person with a gun makes headlines in the United States.
New York filmmaker Kim Snyder's work has allowed them to be privy to what they call a "terrible club that no-one wants to be a member of" that is made up of communities traumatized by gun violence in schools, workplaces, churches or places of leisure.
Two short films shown at New York's Tribeca film festival last week - "Surviving Theater 9" and "Notes from Dunblane: Lessons From a School Shooting" - look at the emotional and mental toll of gun violence in hopes of helping both current survivors, and those yet to come.
"Every time a shooting comes, my heart just breaks for the people who are about to live through what we have all lived through, and knowing that it will forever change their lives," said McGrath, who wrote and directed "Surviving Theater 9."
According to the Gun Violence Archive, a nonprofit that tracks gun-related deaths based on official records, there were 346 mass shootings - defined as four or more people shot in one incident - in America in 2017.
McGrath's 40-minute film recounts their own struggles and those of two other people after the 2012 shooting that killed 12 people and injured 70 in Colorado during a midnight screening of "The Dark Knight Rises."
All the experiences are true, ranging from flashbacks, crass comments, guilt and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), as well as coping mechanisms learned at the Aurora Resilience Center.
"I thought that by showing our stories and honoring the survivors that I went through the healing process with, we could help some other folks," said McGrath,
McGrath wasn't among those shot but they nevertheless had a hard time for years afterward and said they made the film because they couldn't find anything like it.
"I was going to therapists and reading tomes about psychology and PTSD and ways to get through it. But I was craving something I could just sit down and watch," they said.
Snyder's 22-minute film also focuses on healing rather than the shooters or the polarizing issues of gun control.
"Notes from Dunblane" looks at the relationship between two Catholic priests in Newtown, Connecticut, and Dunblane, Scotland, over eerily similar shootings in elementary schools in both small towns in 2012 and 1996 respectively.
Newtown's Father Bob Weiss and Dunblane's Father Basil O'Sullivan began writing to each other after the Newtown school shooting, sharing their struggles to explain and comfort the families of the children shot dead, many whom they also buried.
"It really points to the epidemic of how many communities are now connected over this issue and how many people can name people they know who are affected by gun violence," said Snyder.
Snyder and McGrath hope their films will be shown at churches, schools, colleges and community centers and be available to all of those who struggle to get their lives back together.
Snyder said that in making the film they came to understand "this need to reach out to those who have walked in these shoes that no-one can imagine (and) the impetus for them to help the next ones, to pay it forward."
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Robert Birsel)
This is part two of Crikey's look into alternative border protection and asylum seeker policies. Read part one here.
Regional cooperation and pathways in the Asia Pacific
Any long-term solution would require regional cooperation, phasing out people smugglers with new governmental pathways, and identifying asylum seekers at their source. For example, responding to Myanmar's Rohingya crisis with anything other than a “nope nope nope” would go a long way to reducing people's need for riskier options.
United States President Donald Trump will introduce imminent changes to the H1B visa which is expected to affect 1,50,000 businesses in the US. It can be fairly expected that prospective candidates for the visa will be rejected despite being expertly qualified and the job being under specialty occupation.
US companies that look at India for IT recruitments and outsourcing will now have to focus more on deliberately hiring Americans.
While some specific nationalities have special visas which allows them to circumvent the H-1B cap, India is unfortunately not among them. The alternatives for an H-1B holder or pursuant Indian national are:
O visas
This is a highly restrictive programme which allows only foreign nationals who have displayed extraordinary ability in the sciences, education, business, athletics, arts or motion pictures. O visas will be granted for up to three years with possible indefinite extension.
Using Curricular Practical Training (CPT) and Optional Practical Training (OPT)
Some foreign employees have Opted or CPT periods left whereby they can continue to work in the US until the H1-B filing date. Employees with CPT and OPT eligibility left will be able to continue their work.
Training/Internship program
The H-3 visa allows foreign nationals in the US to train in a specific field if that training facility is not available in the foreign national's country. Work that is incidentally related to the training will only be entertained. H-3 trainees will have to prove that they have no intention of staying as immigrant in the country.
Asking employer for permanent residence
Your company, if it is interested in making a substantial commitment, can consider sponsoring lawful permanent residence. Although the process is long and arduous, it usually entails in procurement of a green card.
In the lead-up to the release of the GOP tax reform plan, called the most sweeping overhaul in decades by analysts, Texans in Congress issued a steady drumbeat of proclamations for an estate tax repeal. In January, U.S. Representative Mac Thornberry, who represents a mostly rural swath of the Panhandle and North Texas, sponsored the Death Tax Repeal Act, which would eliminate the estate tax and other related taxes. Representative Jodey Arrington, R-Lubbock, signed onto the bill as a co-sponsor, as did Representative Mike Conaway, a Midland Republican who chairs the House Agriculture Committee.
“Death should never be a taxable event,” Thornberry wrote in an April press release. “Small business owners, farmers and ranchers are particularly vulnerable to the death tax, making it more difficult for future generations to build upon their family's hard work.” In a September speech, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz said it was a vestige of an “antiquated, bureaucratic, ineffective tax system.”
Ag industry groups are in lockstep with lawmakers. Texas Farm Bureau spokesperson Gene Hall called the estate tax “an artifact” of a system that needs a tune-up. Jerry Fuchs of the Texas and Southwest Cattle Raisers said repeal of the tax is “at the top of many of our members' minds” because of the tendency for ranchers to own vast plots of property but have relatively few liquid assets, a phenomenon known as being “land-rich but cash-poor.”
“Only 1 percent of farms in the state reported values of $10 million or more, and not all of those estates will have to pay the tax.”
A small number of well-off agricultural producers in Texas could be subject to the tax, such as 65-year-old rancher Pete Bonds, who owns thousands of acres of ranchland in Texas and New Mexico. They told the Observer that when they die, their estate likely will be taxed because its assets are valued above the threshold of $10.9 million. Bonds said he's also paid “hundreds of thousands of dollars” to attorneys to navigate the estate planning process, along with taking out a $15 million life insurance policy on themselves and their wife to help their three daughters shoulder the coming tax bill.
“This is money that's leaving our business. We could be using it to buy more cattle and buy more land,” Bonds said, adding that they support a full repeal of the estate tax because it unduly burdens agricultural producers. “We need to get rid of the son of a bitch.”
In Texas, a majority of farms were valued at $500,000 or less in 2012, making it unlikely that the transfer of those estates would trigger an estate tax bill. According to the most recent available U.S. Department of Agriculture statistics, only 1 percent of farms in the state reported values of $10 million or more, and not all of those estates will have to pay the tax.
The worst-case scenario, opponents say, is that the tax could force heirs to sell the farm — so to speak — to pay the tax.
Lavine, the fiscal analyst, is quick to point out that critics are rarely able to cite instances in which the tax burden has forced heirs off family land. At a recent tax reform rally in Indiana, Trump invoked a “small family farmer” whose estate would be decimated by the tax. The farmer later was revealed to be a multimillionaire business owner who nearly won a Republican Congressional primary in 2016.
“You always hear stories that it's alleged to have ruined the farm that's been in the family for generations,” Lavine said. “They just have a lot of trouble finding actual examples of somebody who's been hurt by that.”
Bonds, the rancher whose estate likely will be taxed, said the number of small number of estates affected by the tax is a non-issue. “I don't give a damn if it's two people (who are affected), fair is fair,” they said. “You work hard all your life, you're successful, and then you can't pass it on. My kids are going to have to buy this land back from the government.”
Lavine, on the other hand, said well-off estates have a social obligation to pay. “You've been able to amass all these assets because we have this stable political and economic system, which is supported by tax money,” they said. “You've benefitted from that, and you should contribute to continuing that.”
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
The move has already drawn criticism from users who believe it's an attack on free speech and claim that Discord is playing favorites. However, the company maintains that it will take action against anyone who violates its guidelines and terms of service -- racists who condone or participate in violence happen to be part of that group. It's aware that censorship is a "slippery slope," but it clearly believes that freedom of expression ends when threats begin.
As it stands, services like Discord have pragmatic business reasons to ditch absolute neutrality. As Reddit found out first-hand, racists and other corrosive members tend to scare away fellow users, advertisers and other business opportunities. To an extent, Discord needs a cleaner chat environment if it wants to keep attracting new users and the money that follows.
Transcript for Mesmerizing lava flow down Mount Etna
Oh yeah. I. And oh. Okay. Yeah. A.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CORONADO, Calif. (KGTV) -- The City of Coronado has completed a bridge study in an effort prevent suicides on the Coronado Bay Bridge.
The study, conducted by Caltrans, shows that two-thirds of those surveyed say they are in favor of adding a physical barrier on the bridge.
The study showcases a number of options for adding a barrier, though there are several popular options.
RELATED: Caltrans reveals possible suicide barriers for Coronado Bridge
Among the most popular options is a wire mesh fence that would cost up to $90 million. A curved wire mesh fence that would also cost up to $90 million and a transparent panel barrier that could cost as much as $137 million.
"The completion of this study is the first official step towards saving lives and keeping our traffic moving," said Coronado Mayor Richard Bailey on Facebook.
Caltrans has said it will take several years to put up the barriers due to the need for environmental impact studies and to get funding for the project.
Click here to read through the full study.
After thrilling more than 8 million people worldwide, CORTEO will visit Chattanooga at the McKenzie Arena for a limited run of six performances, from May 10 to 13, 2018.
This unique production directed by Daniele Finzi Pasca premiered in Montreal in April 2005 and has visited 64 cities in 19 countries.
CORTEO, which means cortege in Italian, is a joyous procession, a festive parade imagined by a clown. The show brings together the passion of the actor with the grace and power of the acrobat to plunge the audience into a theatrical world of fun, comedy and spontaneity situated in a mysterious space between heaven and earth.
The clown pictures their own funeral taking place in a carnival atmosphere, watched over by quietly caring angels. Juxtaposing the large with the small, the ridiculous with the tragic and the magic of perfection with the charm of imperfection, the show highlights the strength and fragility of the clown, as well as their wisdom and kindness, to illustrate the portion of humanity that is within each of us. The music turns lyrical and playful carrying CORTEO through a timeless celebration in which illusion teases reality.
The cast of CORTEO includes 51 acrobats, musicians, singers and actors from all around the world.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Getty/Shutterstock
A huge fight between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor has just been made official, with the 12 round boxing bout going down on August 26th at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada (check out all the fine details here). And of course, with the fight being signed and good to go, bookies are now starting to take some serious action on the fight. The odds as they stand now, according to the Westgate Las Vegas Superbook: Floyd Mayweather is a -1100 favorite to the +700 underdog Conor McGregor.
That means you'd have to bet $1100 to make $100 off Floyd, while a $100 bet on Conor would earn you $700 in the unlikely (at least according to the betting community) event that McGregor wins. That's a pretty huge gap, but it represents the realities of the contest: Conor McGregor has never competed professionally as a boxer, while Floyd Mayweather is considered boxing's pound for pound #1 fighter and has held that spot with little difficulty over the past ten years, building up a flawless record of 49-0.
Sportsbook @CGTechnology_ just took a $45,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather to defeat Conor McGregor, per @jsimbal. — David Payne Purdum (@DavidPurdum) June 15, 2017
That's some high risk for low reward … $45,000 wins you a whopping $4090.90 if Floyd wins.
But people aren't completely counting out the Irish UFC lightweight champion. When the odds for the fight first opened, Mayweather was -2500 to McGregor's +1100. The line may continue to tighten as bookies try to find that sweet middle ground where they can entice people to put money on ‘sure thing' Floyd and Conor's bet-heavy Irish community puts money and pride on the line.
The real fun should begin when we begin to see the prop lines on different outcomes like ‘Mayweather via knockout' versus ‘Mayweather via decision' and odds on finishes in different rounds. Myself, I'm interested in knowing what the odds are that it ends via DQ after a frustrated Conor McGregor kicks the head off Mayweather after several rounds of evasion.
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday appeared for the first time before a judicial panel probing the family's offshore properties in line with the apex courts verdict in the Panamagate case.
“Today, I have just presented my stance before the Joint Investigation Team (JIT),” said the Prime Minister adding that all sources of their assets were already submitted to relevant authorities.
“A historic day for Pakistan's judiciary, I and my whole family have presented ourselves for accountability.”
“Is there any family in Pakistan that has appeared for accountability other than mine,” asked Sharif, stating it was the third time the family appeared before the court.
“My personal businesses have nothing to do with federal treasury. And no matter how many conspiracies my rivals are hatching, they will not be successful,” they said.
Sharif, ahead of appearing before the JIT, met their close aides including Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, Defence Minister Khawaja Asif, and their brother and Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, reports The News International.
Sharif became the first sitting Pakistani Prime Minister to appear before a judicial panel.
Before this, former Prime Ministers Yousuf Raza Gillani and Raja Pervaiz Ashraf were the only ones summoned by the Supreme Court. Ashraf was a respondent in the rental power case before the National Accountability Bureau, but never personally appeared before investigators while in office.
The JIT is conducting its proceedings at the Federal Judicial Academy (FJA) here.
On June 8, the team issued summons asking the Prime Minister to appear before the panel on Thursday.
The JIT questioned Hussain Nawaz, the Prime Minister's elder son, on May 28.
Hussain has made five appearances before the JIT so far. The panel has also grilled Sharif's younger son, Hassan.
In its judgement of April 20 in the Panama Papers case, the Supreme Court had constituted the JIT and empowered it to summon the Prime Minister, their sons and any other person necessary, to investigate allegations of money laundering, through which four apartments in London's Park Lane area were purchased.
India U19 team beats Australia by 8 wickets in the World Cup title clash at Bay Oval stadium, Tauranga, New Zealand. As the boys in blue repeated the history Indian politicians congratulated team members and Coach Rahul Dravid for the brilliant job. In the final match Indian opener Manjot Kalra scored unbeaten 101 runs facing 102 deliveries, also they were named as Man of the match for their beautiful knock.
On Saturday, junior Indian men squad created another history by winning the U-19 Cricket World Cup at Bay Oval stadium, Tauranga, New Zealand. Soon after winning the title top politicians including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Vice-President of India Vankiya Naidu and Congress President Rahul Gandhi shared their greetings through twitter. Team India thrashed Australia by 8 wickets in this title clash. Indian opener Manjot Kalra scored unbeaten 101 runs facing 102 deliveries, also they were named as Man of the match for their beautiful knock. In the innings of 101 runs, Manjot scored 8 boundaries and 3 sixes.
This was the fourth time in cricket history when India U-19 team lifted the world. Prithvi Shaw joined Mohammad Kaif, Virat Kohli and Unmukt Chand in the club of U19 World Cup winning captains. Joining the celebrations, many top Indian politicians congratulated junior Indian side for creating the history. Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi was the first one to wish Prithvi and company, followed by Vice-President Vankiya Naidu, Union Minister Smriti Irani, Congress President Rahul Gandhi, Union Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore, Chief Minister of Delhi Arvind Kejriwal, Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis, Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar, Union Minister Piyush Goyal, Union Minister Smriti Irani and Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah.
Every politician appreciated the team effort and hard work done by Prithvi Shaw and company, who raised the pride of the nation. Vice-President Vankiya Naidu congratulated young Indian side to make nation proud.
Hearty congratulations on the Indian under 19 Cricket team for winning ICC Under 19 World Cup beating Australia in New Zealand today. The young players made the country proud. @BCCI #U19WorldCup #ICCU19WorldCup pic.twitter.com/4E4TAHCL8x — VicePresidentOfIndia (@VPSecretariat) February 3, 2018
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wrote on their timeline that this triumph makes every Indian extremely proud.
Absolutely thrilled by the stupendous achievement of our young cricketers. Congratulations to them on winning the Under-19 World Cup. This triumph makes every Indian extremely proud. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) February 3, 2018
This was the first time when opposition and government were on the same side, as Congress President Rahul Gandhi twitted a picture of young team India celebrating the victory, Rahul Gandhi also added a caption to congratulate young Indian side.
Congratulations Team India on your resounding U 19 Cricket World Cups win! India takes great pride in the success of its new generation of cricket stars. #U19CWCFinal pic.twitter.com/DHUaYzhxjL — Office of RG (@OfficeOfRG) February 3, 2018
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal posted a tweet after the victory of U19 Indian side and praised Delhi boy Manjot Kalra for their great knock.
Heartiest congratulations to India's U-19 Cricket team for winning the World Cup. Delhi boy Manjot Kalra has made all of us proud! — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) February 3, 2018
In the thread Bharatiya Janata Party, President Amit Shah shared a post supporting the team spirit and great job done by India U19 side.
Hats off to the World Champion, Team India. Your unbeatable team spirit throughout the series has brought this #U19WC trophy home. Congratulations to the entire team, coach Rahul Dravid and the management for this unparalleled accomplishment. Proud moment. pic.twitter.com/AeznS9oaJG — Amit Shah (@AmitShah) February 3, 2018
Union Minister Smriti Irani congratulated young guns for repeating the history.
Congratulations to young Team India for scripting a historic win at the #U19CWCFinal for the fourth time. You have done the whole Nation proud. — Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) February 3, 2018
Union Railway Minister Piyush Goyal praised the young side for stellar performance in the tournament.
Congratulations Team India on winning the #U19CWCFinal and becoming the most successful team in the history of the competition, with four title victories. The country is delighted by your stellar performance in the tournament. — Piyush Goyal (@PiyushGoyal) February 3, 2018
Chief Minister of Goa congratulated boys for their dominating performance.
Congratulations to the young Team India for a dominating performance throughout the tournament and winning the U19 Cricket World Cup. — Manohar Parrikar (@manoharparrikar) February 3, 2018
Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis congratulated Prithvi Shaw and Rahul Dravid for winning the title.
And Union Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore congratulated boys in blue for the brilliant job.
Bank launches green crowdfunding platform
Image: Shutterstock
A solar farm and a heat pump company are to become the first businesses to benefit from a UK bank's newly launched crowdfunding platform.
Triodos Bank's platform will allow the public to invest directly in renewable energy projects.
The first round of funding will help Mendip Renewables raise £1.8 million to take a 5MW operational solar farm in Somerset into community ownership.
Investors will be able to earn 5% interest per year, repayable over 17 years.
It will also assist Rendesco in raising £5.5 million to develop green energy from ground source heat pumps and is paying 7% interest per year over a seven-year term.
The company hopes to develop 100 sites, with a focus on providing low carbon heating to keep the elderly warm in retirement homes.
The platform, which the bank says is the first to be launched by a business of its kind in the UK, will launch on the 3rd of February.
A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn:
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak "wishing them a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" and saying they look forward "to touching base with you and working with you, and I wish you all the best." Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back, "wishing them a Merry Christmas as well."
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election. President Barack Obama announces sanctions against Russian intelligence services and their top officials, kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone. Spicer later says the call was "centered on the logistics of setting up a call" between Trump and President Vladimir Putin.
Dec. 30 — Putin announces they won't immediately retaliate against Obama's sanctions, breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties. The Russian leader says they plan to restore U.S. ties "based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump." Trump later praises Putin's restraint on Twitter. "Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew they were very smart!" they write.
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak, including one on Dec. 29. Spicer denies the timing of the call, then later acknowledges it. Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions. They only discussed logistics, they said, "that was it, plain and simple."
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS's "Face the Nation." Flynn and Kislyak "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia" in their conversations, they say.
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in their first scheduled press conference that he'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn's calls with Kislyak.
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S. The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were "immediately" informed of the issue. Trump's tasks the White House counsel's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved, Spicer said.
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone.
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity. They make a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran. "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice," they say.
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to The Washington Post.
Feb. 9 — Flynn, through their spokesperson, backs away from their comments, according to the Post. A spokesperson for Flynn tells the paper "that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." Citing U.S. officials, the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office, despite administration officials' denials. The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence.
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report. "I haven't seen them. I'll look into them," they say. Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with them by phone.
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president's daily briefing, sits in on their calls with foreign leaders and joins their meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Around 5 p.m., White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has "full confidence" in Flynn. Less than an hour later, Spicer tells reporters that the president is "evaluating the situation." Shortly after, the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning. Flynn submits their resignation. Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser. Flynn is spotted walking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to their office just after 10 p.m.
MASON, W.Va. — The Rebels keep rolling … and the White Falcons are still reeling.
The South Gallia boys basketball team won its second straight road game in league and also salvaged a season split with host Wahama on Friday night following a 62-52 victory in a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason County.
The Rebels (6-11, 4-7 TVC Hocking) led the final 30:01 of regulation as the guests built a 15-6 first quarter lead en route to their fifth triumph in their last seven contests. SGHS also avenged a 49-48 setback in Mercerville back on Dec. 22, 2017.
The White Falcons (3-13, 2-9) — who have now dropped six consecutive decisions — claimed their only lead of the night on a pair of Noah Litchfield free throws 30 seconds into the game, and that lead held up until the 6:52 mark as Braxton Hardy tied things up with a basket.
Hardy, however, followed with eight more consecutive points over the next three-plus minutes, allowing the Red and Gold to build a 10-2 cushion.
Wahama countered with a small 4-2 run to close back to within two possessions at 12-6, but Eli Ellis nailed a trifecta just before the first quarter buzzer — giving the guests a 15-6 edge through eight minutes of play.
Bryce Nolan opened the second canto with a three-pointer that ended up giving SGHS its largest lead of the night at 18-6 just 26 seconds in, but the Red and White answered with a 10-2 charge over the next five-plus minutes while closing to within 20-16 with 1:58 left until halftime.
The Rebels — who shot just 3-of-13 from the field in the second stanza — closed the half with a small 4-2 spurt to secure a 24-18 cushion at the break.
The White Falcons whittled the lead down to 29-26 following a Jacob Warth bucket at the 5:02 mark of the third frame, but the hosts were ultimately never closer the rest of the way.
SGHS countered with three straight trifectas and a 9-1 surge over the next two-plus minutes that re-established a double-digit lead at 38-27 with 3:46 left, but the hosts responded with a 7-4 run to close out the quarter facing a 42-34 deficit.
The White Falcons were never closer than seven points down the stretch, and South Gallia never led by more than 10 points during that same span. The Rebels won the final period by a slim 20-18 margin to wrap up the 10-point decision.
South Gallia shot 45 percent from the field and had three players reach double figures, all while committing only seven turnovers as a team. The guests also forced nine of Wahama's 13 turnovers during that pivotal first half run.
Afterwards, SGHS coach Kent Wolfe was pretty pleased to get of West Virginia with a victory — particularly with one of such quality.
“I'm proud of the kids because this is not an easy place to come into and win. A lot of good teams have struggled here over the years,” Wolfe said. “We did a lot of things well tonight on both ends of the floor, particularly in playing with a lead throughout the game.
“Honestly, the kids are giving it everything they have night in and night out. They are having fun right now and it shows in how they are playing. I like the way we are playing right now.”
Wahama shot a respectable 39 percent from the floor and claimed a 34-24 edge in rebounds, including a 9-4 advantage on the offensive glass.
The nearly 2-to-1 turnover ratio, however, ultimately caught up with the hosts — particularly the 9-3 difference in miscues before halftime.
That was something the WHS coach Ron Bradley struggled with following the game, particularly given the fact that their troops put together about three-and-a-half quarters of decent basketball.
“You have to play 32 minutes, and that's been our story all year,” Bradley said. “These kids give the effort and they play hard, so I cannot fault them there. We just can't match our execution and our effort because we have too many empty possessions due to turnovers.
“Shooting percentage is a very misleading stat when another team has 10 or 15 more shots than you do. It wasn't that way tonight, but we gave them enough extra chances that it came back to bite us. We have to take better care of the basketball all the way through.”
South Gallia made 21-of-47 shot attempts overall, including a 6-of-19 effort from three-point range for 32 percent. The guests were also 14-of-24 at the free throw line for 58 percent.
Hardy led the Rebels with a game-high 26 points, with 16 of those coming the second half. Ellis was next with 15 points and a team-best six rebounds, followed by Curtis Haner with 14 markers.
Austin Stapleton was next with four points, while Nolan completed the winning tally with three markers. Hardy and Stapleton also hauled in five and four rebounds, respectively.
The White Falcons netted 18-of-46 floor attempts overall, including a 3-of-11 effort from behind the arc for 27 percent. The hosts were also 13-of-26 at the charity stripe for 50 percent.
Noah Litchfield led WHS with 20 points, followed by Abram Pauley with 15 points and Dakota Belcher with nine points to go along with a game-high nine rebounds.
Warth and Tyler Bumgarner completed the Wahama tally with four points apiece. Pauley and Litchfield also hauled in eight and six caroms, respectively.
South Gallia returns to action Monday when it hosts Trimble in a TVC Hocking contest at 7 p.m. The Rebels also travel to Waterford on Tuesday for a TVC Hocking matchup at 7 p.m.
Wahama returns to action Tuesday when it travels to Tuppers Plains for a TVC Hocking contest against Eastern at 7 p.m.
South Gallia defenders Austin Day (44) and Austin Stapleton (12) apply pressure to Wahama's Brady Bumgarner (23) during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.3-SG-Day.jpg South Gallia defenders Austin Day (44) and Austin Stapleton (12) apply pressure to Wahama's Brady Bumgarner (23) during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama's Abram Pauley releases a shot attempt over a handful of South Gallia defenders during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Abram.jpg Wahama's Abram Pauley releases a shot attempt over a handful of South Gallia defenders during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama defender Dakota Belcher blocks a South Gallia shot attempt during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_WAH-Block.jpg Wahama defender Dakota Belcher blocks a South Gallia shot attempt during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports South Gallia's Braxton Hardy (1) releases a shot attempt during a blocking foul on Wahama defender Tyler Bumgarner (34) during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_SG-Hardy.jpg South Gallia's Braxton Hardy (1) releases a shot attempt during a blocking foul on Wahama defender Tyler Bumgarner (34) during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
The Israel Defense Forces approved an order which allows Israel to move the illegal West Bank outpost of Amona to adjacent lots,... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Russia's U.N. ambassador says the United States hasn't made a case for new Security Council action against Iran with missiles fragments that the Trump administration argues were supplied by Tehran to Yemen's Houthi rebels.
Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia says in comments released by Russia's U.N. Mission late Wednesday that it is unclear whether the pieces that council members saw in Washington this week were Iranian or violated a 2015 arms embargo on Yemen.
The U.S. maintains the fragments from missiles recovered in Saudi Arabia after being launched from Yemen by the Houthis contain markings proving they were Iranian-made, though some security experts have questioned whether the evidence is foolproof.
Nebenzia says Iran "vehemently" denies supplying weapons to Yemen. They add that "Yemen hosts a pile of weapons from the old days."
Search
No prizes for guessing who Andrea Leadsom is talking about:
“As you said last week, Mr Speaker, we have a responsibility to safeguard the rights of this House and as Leader of the House I seek to do exactly that, treating all members of parliament with courtesy and respect. I hope and expect all Honourable and Right Honourable members to do likewise.”
TORONTO — Mitel Networks Corp. stock jumped nearly 10 per cent to a multi-year high Tuesday after it announced that its board is recommending a friendly privatization offer by an investor group led by Searchlight Capital Partners.
Shares of the Ottawa-based company, which makes communication equipment for offices and call centres, closed at US$11.12 at the Nasdaq stock market and C$14.29 in Toronto, up $1.25 or 9.6 per cent from Monday's close.
Combined with assumed debt, the Searchlight offer of US$11.15 per share cash would value the company at about C$2.6 billion.
Mitel chief executive Rich McBee said in an interview Tuesday that Searchlight would leave the company intact and support it through a period of transition from one business model to another.
Aldo Bender: Leftist thuggies always behave this way, in America, they pose as anarchists and other trendy groups, but the left is always the left and behave like the left in whatever country... so predictable.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). Los Angeles Police cordon off the Belmont High School in looked down in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Los Angeles Fire Department says 15-year-old boy wounded in middle school shooting is in critical condition.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People wait for news outside the Belmont High School complex in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Two students were shot and wounded, one critically, inside a Los Angeles middle school classroom Thursday morning and poli...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). Los Angeles Fire department spokesperson Erik Scott, center briefs the media outside the Belmont High School in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Two students were shot and wounded, one critically, inside a Los Angeles midd...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People pick up students after a shooting at the Salvador B. Castro Middle School near downtown Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. A girl opened fire Thursday in a middle school classroom on Thursday, authorities said.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People pick up students after a shooting at the Salvador B. Castro Middle School near downtown Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. A girl opened fire Thursday in a middle school classroom on Thursday, authorities said.
By AMANDA LEE MYERS and MIKE BALSAMO
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A semi-automatic handgun went off accidentally inside the backpack of a 12-year-old girl in a Los Angeles middle school classroom, sending a single bullet tearing through the wrist of another girl before hitting a boy in the head, police said Friday.
Los Angeles police spokesperson Josh Rubenstein said detectives are trying to figure out where the girl got the gun, which was unregistered, and why they brought it to school. It wasn't clear what made it fire.
The girl, who was taken into custody minutes after the shooting, has retained an attorney and isn't answering questions, Rubenstein said.  They are expected to be arraigned Monday on two felony charges, including being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds, prosecutors said.
Jordan Valenzuela, a 12-year-old classmate of the girl's, told The Associated Press that they were in the room next door when the gun went off and talked to their minutes later.
"She was crying," Jordan said. "She was like, 'I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off.'"
Jordan said they saw a hole in the backpack, which the girl was holding, when they asked them to hide the gun for them
"I said 'No,'" they said. "Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared."
The shooting sent children screaming and crying from the classroom as blood poured from the two students who were hit. Police descended on the school, which was put on lockdown, and the girl was arrested without incident.
Terrified parents rushed to the campus and waited for hours to be reunited with their children. Once they did, many children and parents sobbed as they hugged, walking from the school as they held each other.
The 15-year-old boy who was hit in the head with a bullet initially was in critical condition.
A spokesperson at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center where the children were being treated didn't respond to messages about their condition Friday, though a doctor treating the boy said they expected them to make a full recovery.
The wrist wound to the 15-year-old girl was considered minor. Three others had superficial face or head injuries, some from broken glass.
A review of shootings nationwide by The Associated Press and USA TODAY Network found that at least 141 deaths of minors were attributed to unintentional or accidental shootings in 2015.
Most accidental shootings involve someone actually handling firearms, as opposed to guns getting dropped, said Pete Gagliardi, a former longtime agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
"It's pretty rare to hear about an incident like this," Gagliardi said of Thursday's shooting.
They said the gun wouldn't necessarily have to have been cocked to go off in the girl's backpack, but mostly likely would have had to have become entangled with something inside the bag for the trigger to have been pressed.
A strikingly similar shooting to Thursday's happened just south of Los Angeles in Gardena on Jan. 18, 2011, when a gun went off inside a 17-year-old boy's backpack after they set it on a desk, wounding two students with one bullet, including a girl who was shot in the head.
The teen was convicted of possessing and discharging a firearm in a school zone. They were sentenced to nine months in juvenile camp and put on probation until they turned 21.
The Los Angeles Unified School District has a policy requiring every middle and high school campus to conduct daily random searches by metal-detector wands at different hours of the school day for students in the sixth grade and up.
___
Associated Press writers Christopher Weber, John Antczak, Krysta Fauria and Brian Melley in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOT 105! Today's R&B and Old School is giving YOU a chance to pick up a Mary J. Blige ALL ACCESS PASS with Rick Party in the Afternoon with Benji Brown. Listen ALL WEEK during the 12PM to find out if you WON the opportunity to meet The Queen of Hip Hop Soul, Mary J Blige on Tuesday, August 22nd in Miami
Getty Image
There's no player more synonymous with the Timberwolves organization as Kevin Garnett. He's the greatest player in the franchise's history, having won an MVP and taking them to the Western Conference Finals, and returned for their final two seasons to assist in guiding the rebuilding process and working with young superstar Karl-Anthony Towns.
Garnett loved their time in Minnesota as well, but it's not all good vibes between them and the organization. Garnett was fiercely loyal to the late Flip Saunders, which is why they came back to Minnesota with Saunders at the helm prior to their passing in 2015. That said, they are not on great terms with Timberwolves owner Glen Taylor and that drives their desire to get into the Wolves ownership.
Garnett has said before he'd like to be a minority owner with the Wolves, but they want to be sure it's on their terms and with an ownership group they like. That means being part of a group that buys the Wolves from Taylor, rather than buying into shares of the team with Taylor remaining as the majority owner.
15:05 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 'Even Putin knows our strength comes from the mitzvot' Read more
Chief Rabbi emphasizes importance of commitment to commandments in religious conversion. ► ◄ Last Briefs
My first year as a head pro, I gave a clinic one afternoon on chipping. After we finished, a student came up to me and said, "I didn't like that. You never told us what club to hit on those shots." Even though I was a novice teacher, I got it right that day. I could've told them what I would do in those spots, but they would've tried to memorize that and not discover it for herself. The right way depends on the golfer—the shots you like, your comfort level in different situations, the clubs you have confidence in. It's not one-size-fits-all.
In this article, I'm going to give you a few mechanical keys for playing around the greens, but then encourage you to try different variables that affect the shots you hit—variables that alter trajectory, distance, spin and roll. So it's part mechanics and part feel. If I gave you only mechanics, you'd be a robot and not very good at reacting to situations on the course. If I said it's all feel, you'd have no starting point—no structure. My goal is to get you started, then set you on a path to self-discovery. A great short game is not given; it's learned. Learned by practicing a few musts, yes, but mostly through experimentation.
Let me put a bow on my story. Months later, the woman came back and said they understood what I was doing. They had developed a system for picking clubs and playing shots. They owned their short game—and so will you.
1.) SWING THE HANDLE TO THE HIP
The first skill to learn in the short game is swinging the grip end of the club to the left through impact. This might seem oddly simple, but it's absolutely critical. Swinging directly toward the target, which so many amateurs do, causes poor contact because the low point of the swing comes behind the ball. It also causes deceleration, because the club runs out of room going straight. Poor contact and deceleration are killers around the green.
Story Continues
Swinging the handle to the left moves the low point of the swing forward, so you hit the ball and then the ground. It also helps you make contact with the center of the face. And then there's acceleration. You're creating more space for the club to travel. Swinging left is the master move of the short game.
So how do you do it? Get in your normal chipping setup, and practice swinging the handle through so it finishes very close to your front hip. I call this "holstering the handle," as if you were sticking the grip in a holster on your front hip (below). Another way to think about it is that the heel pad of your right hand leads the knuckles at the top of the hand as you swing through. (You can focus on the left hand the same way—heel leads knuckles.) If swinging through this way feels strange, it's because you're used to pushing the handle toward the target, which seems logical for a lot of golfers. But you have to get the handle going left.
‘SWING THE GRIP AROUND TO YOUR FRONT HIP. DON'T PUSH IT TOWARD THE TARGET.'
I call this move "holstering the handle." Learn to do it, and you've got the first part of the short game.
2.) PRE-SET TRAJECTORY IN THE SETUP
The next piece of the short game is how high you set the handle at address. This allows you to vary trajectory. Put simply, when the handle is high, you hit a lower shot; when the handle is low, you hit a higher shot. Let's discuss.
Wherever you set the handle, the clubface will find its natural loft. Unless you manipulate it, the face will open or close so the sole of the club sits flush to the ground. If you raise the handle, the heel comes up so you have to close the face to get the sole to sit flush. If you lower the handle, the toe comes up so you have to open the face to get the sole flush. Closing the face produces a low shot; opening it produces a high shot. That's how handle height affects loft.
These variations cause changes to the stance as well. The more you raise the handle, the closer you have to get to the ball and the more you grip down. The more you lower the handle, the farther you stand back and the longer you hold the club. I teach three positions: standard (below, center), handle high (below, left) and handle low (below, right). Try them—they produce very different shots.
Final point: Handle position also helps you from different lies. If the ball is down in the grass, you need more dig. You get that from a closed face or a high handle. If the ball is sitting well, you can drop back and use more loft with an open face or a low handle. Now you're building sophistication into your short game.
‘HOW CLOSE YOU STAND TO THE BALL HAS A HUGE IMPACT ON THE SHOT YOU HIT: MOVE IN CLOSE FOR A LOW SHOT; STAND BACK FOR A HIGH ONE.'
3.) HAVE A PLAN BEFORE YOU PICK A CLUB
Now we need to add the most obvious variable for hitting different shots: club selection. Why didn't we start with this? Because to be a good short-game player, you first have to understand how to hit the ball solid—that's the handle going left. Then you have to know how the setup affects the shot—that's handle height and the angle of the face. The next step is picking the right club for the job.
When I miss a green, I take four or five clubs to my ball. I then look at the lie, how far I need to fly the ball and the ideal rollout. Different clubs give me different flights and rolls. But that's not where it ends. I can use any of my clubs in any of the three setups we discussed—standard, handle high, handle low—to hit at least three different shots per club.
There's another piece that alters trajectory, and for that we go back to Lesson 1: swinging the handle left. You always want to swing it left, but how sharply you go left affects how high the ball flies. Think of a highway with three consecutive left-hand exits. If you swing the handle down the first exit, it moves quickly to the left and gets very close to your left hip. That produces a higher shot. If you take the second exit, that's the standard shot. If you take the third—still going left the same amount, just on a longer arc—that produces a lower shot. Put these exits into the mix, and the number of shots you can hit multiplies. The fun part is playing around with them.
‘DIFFERENT CLUBS CAN PRODUCE DIFFERENT SHOTS—OR THE SAME SHOTS. YOU DECIDE BY HOW YOU SET UP AND SWING.'
4.) CREATE A FRAMEWORK USING FLIGHT-TO-ROLL
On the course, you want to play with clarity. Develop a club-selection system with the standard positions. For example, with your sand wedge at the middle handle height and taking the middle left exit, how far does the ball fly and roll?
For me, that's my 50-50 shot (see my ratios, below). Now here's the question: To hit a higher shot, do you grab the lob wedge or do you lower the handle or go left faster? It's self-discovery.
For consistency, use one type of ball—the ball you play with—when experimenting. And after you have flight-to-roll ratios, be willing to adjust them for course conditions, like fast greens, or the situation, like an uphill lie. You'll get there, and remember, there's no substitute for doing it yourself.
Flight-to-roll ratio is a good basis for club selection, but what you do with the club matters more.
Michael Breed, Golf Digest's Chief Digital Instructor, is based at Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, New York City.
A GOLF SCHOOL WITHOUT THE BOX LUNCH
Somebody asked recently if I can teach people to play golf without having them in front of me. My answer: absolutely. I did an instruction show on TV for nine years, and I know people were learning to play by watching that show. Now we're doing something at Golf Digest to take that concept a step further. It's called the Golf Digest Schools, a collection of how-to-play curriculums in video form. The idea is to learn remotely but to simulate being on the lesson tee with your favorite instructor. It's learning the skills you need, in the order you need them, without the commitment of going for lessons (or the constraints of TV time). It's part of the new Golf Digest All Access program. I just did my first curriculum, called "The Facts of Impact," and I know these long-form videos will help you understand how to hit better shots with every club in the bag. Check out the new Golf Digest Schools—better yet, learn about All Access at golfdigest.com/allaccess.
Check out Golf Digest All Access to get over 150 lessons on any of your devices, at any time.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Sign up for Golf Digest All Access today
OTTAWA — The co-founders of a Canadian company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
They say the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the "Leave" side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In their testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. They also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
"We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type," they told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
"We're not psychologists, we're tech guys."
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, they added.
SCHREIBER, Ont. — Provincial police say two employees of a northwestern Ontario school board are facing fraud-related charges.
OPP say they were contacted Feb. 13 by the Superior North Catholic District School Board about an alleged fraud by two staff members.
They say a 57-year-old woman and a 55-year-old man, both of Terrace Bay, Ont., are charged with fraud over $5,000 and breach of trust.
Both (accused) is scheduled to appear in court in Schreiber, Ont., on July 12.
Here is this week's round-up of of cases at Preston's courts.
READ MORE: Here are last week's court listings
Unpaid work for housing cheat
A woman failed to declare to the authorities when the earnings of themselves and their partner increased, a court has heard.
Laura Cooney, of Abbotts Close, Walton-le-Dale, near Preston, was prosecuted by the local authority South Ribble Borough Council when the change in their circumstances was discovered.
Preston Magistrates' Court heard their increased income affected their entitlement to housing benefit.
The 36-year-old pleaded guilty to dishonestly failing to notify the change in circumstances.
They were ordered to do 100 hours of unpaid work following a brief hearing.
The bench also ordered them to pay a £85 victim surcharge and £85 towards prosecution costs.
The court was told they were claiming the benefit between September 2012 and January 2016, leading to an overpayment.
Pregnant woman was assaulted
A man who assaulted a woman while they were pregnant has been given 30 days in jail to run alongside their current prison term.
Kyle Mark Slack, formerly of Laund Fields, Stoney Lane, Lancaster, refused to travel to Preston Prison to take part in a live video link to Preston Magistrate's' Court, the bench was told.
The 27-year-old had originally denied the attack but later pleaded guilty to assaulting their victim at a previous hearing.
It came after the mum to be been assaulted in Lancaster on July 15 and 23 this year.Slack was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge by the bench.
The court ruled the assault was aggravated by their previous conviction and their victim's vulnerable state at the time.
Court snaps
Melanie McCormack, 41, of Duke Street, Avenham, Preston, was given an eight month conditional discharge after admitting stealing clothing and jewellery from Sainsbury's, and must pay a £20 surcharge and £85 costs.
Islan Shan-Farooq, 27, of St Andrew's Road, Preston, was found guilty of failing to give driver information and must pay a £660 fine, £66 surcharge and £85 costs.
Anthony Raddings, 41, of Miller Field, Lea, Preston, was given a six month conditional discharge after admitting assaulting a man and must pay a £20 surcharge, £50 compensation, and £200 costs.
William Barclay, 37, of Cow Hill, Haighton, Preston, admits keeping an unlicensed vehicle on a road and must pay £36 back duty, a £146 fine, and £85 costs.
Michael O'Reilly, 34, of Floyd Road, Ribbleton, Preston, was given a six month conditional discharge after admitting stealing rope and trowels from Machine Mart and must pay £30 compensation, a £20 victim surcharge and £50 costs.
Paul Reilly, 40, of Selborne Street, Preston, was given a curfew after admitting stealing six PS4 games and clothing, and must pay £85 costs and an £85 surcharge.
Connor Barry, 20, of Mardale Road, Longridge, Preston, was found guilty of driving without insurance and must pay a £660 fine, £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Gabor Sztankovics, 27, of Crook Street, Chorley, was found guilty of failing to give driver information and must pay a £660 fine, £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Jack Woodcock, 26, of The Crescent, Chorley, admits failing to stop their car for police and must pay a £80 fine, £30 victim surcharge, and £85 costs.
Carilion Clinic's Healing Arts program – launched several years ago to “create inspiring and restorative” environments is back. More from WFIR's Gene Marrano:
4-17 Healing Arts 2017 Wrap#1-WEB
PARIS (AP) — More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise their international profile, did not invite Trump.
As a result of this incident, Uber has stopped all self-driving vehicle tests in San Francisco, Pittsburgh, Toronto and the greater Phoenix area. "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident," said Uber in a statement. CEO Dara Khosrowshahi echoed the sentiment on Twitter, saying that the authorities were trying to figure out what happened.
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
The trend towards self-driving cars seems inescapable. While most states still require a human driver behind the wheel, not all do. Arizona, for example, allows truly driverless cars. California has also agreed to let companies test self-driving vehicles without anyone behind the wheel starting in April.
This incident is likely to increase public scrutiny over self-driving cars. A recent survey by the American Automobile Association (AAA) shows that 63 percent of Americans are afraid of getting in them (a drop from last year's 78 percent), while only 13 percent said they would feel safer when sharing the road with autonomous vehicles.
Yet, it's far too early to say that self-driving cars are inherently more dangerous than cars with human drivers. In 2016, there were a total of 193 pedestrian fatalities in the state of Arizona, and of that, 135 took place in Maricopa County, which is home to both Tempe and Phoenix. According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, there were a total of 5,987 pedestrian fatalities in 2016 nationwide. And yes, all of those involved vehicles with human drivers.
"On average there's a fatality about once every 100 million miles in the US, so while this incident is not statistically determinative, it is uncomfortably soon in the history of automated driving," said Bryant Walker Smith, an assistant professor at the University of South Carolina, told Engadget. In short, the number of self-driving cars on the road is relatively small, making it harder to determine how dangerous they are in comparison.
"This would have happened sooner or later," Edmond Awad, a post-doctoral associate at MIT Media Lab told Engadget. "It could certainly deter customers, and it could provoke politicians to enact restrictions. And it could slow down the process of self-driving car research."
Where the problem lies, Awad says, is that there seems to be a general misconception that self-driving cars can't make mistakes. "What should be done first of all, is for manufacturers to communicate that their cars are not perfect. They're being perfected. If everyone keeps saying they'll never make a mistake, they're going to lose the public's trust."
This isn't the first time an accident involving a self-driving car has occurred though. In 2016, a Tesla Model S collided with a tractor trailer, killing its driver -- even though it was in autopilot mode. The driver apparently ignored safety warnings and it seems that the car misidentified the truck. In the end, the fault lied with the truck driver, who was charged with a right-of-way traffic violation.
This recent incident adds new fuel to the ongoing concern over the so-called "Trolley dilemma:" Would a self-driving car have the ethics necessary to make a decision between two potentially fatal outcomes? Germany recently adopted a set of guidelines for self-driving cars that would compel manufacturers to design vehicles so that they would hit the person they would "hurt less."
Two years ago, Awad created the Moral Machine, a website that generates random moral dilemmas to ask the user what a self-driving car should do in two possible outcomes, both resulting in death.
While Awad wouldn't reveal the details of their findings just yet, they did say that answers from Eastern countries differ wildly from those from Western countries, suggesting that car manufacturers might want to consider cultural differences when implementing these guidelines.
Recently, Awad and their MIT colleagues ran another study around semi-autonomous vehicles, asking participants who was to blame in two different scenarios: one where the car was on autopilot and the human could override it, or where the human was driving and the car could override where necessary. Would people blame the human behind the wheel, or the manufacturer of the car? And in Awad's research results, most people blamed the human behind the wheel.
In the end, what's really important is that we know what exactly happened in the Uber accident. "We have no understanding of how this car is acting," said Awad. "An explanation would be very important. Was it a problem with the car itself? Was it something not part of the car, that's beyond the machine's capability? We need to help people understand what happened."
Smith echoed the sentiment, stating that Uber needs to completely transparent here. "This incident will test whether Uber has become a trustworthy company," they said. "They need to be scrupulously honest, and welcome outside supervision of this investigation immediately. They shouldn't touch their systems without credible observers."
The bigger question for autonomous cars and the safety of pedestrians in the future will largely depend on how the government responds. We already know that revised federal guidelines are coming this summer, but this recent tragedy could require a more immediate response. We reached out to both the NTSB and Azdot (the body that oversees self-driving cars in Arizona) about this, but have yet to hear back at this time.
For now, we're still not clear on what the actual cause of the accident was. "At this time we don't know enough about the incident to identify what part of the self-driving technology failed but quite likely the pedestrian was in a very unexpected location and the sensor technology did not adapt the model of its environment quickly enough," Bart Selman, a computer science professor at Cornell University, said in a statement to press.
"In fact, self-driving technology cannot completely eliminate all accidents and the goal remains to show that the technology will greatly reduce the overall number of driving fatalities," they added. "I firmly believe that this goal remains achievable in part because the automatic sensing system of the car can track many more events more accurately and reliable than a human driver. Still, an accident like this calls for a re-evaluation of how to introduce and further develop the self-driving technology so that people will come to recognize and accept it as feasible and very safe."
Yet, regardless of statistics, this accident will certainly harm the faith in self-driving cars in the immediate aftermath. And no amount of legislative change will help the family of the person who died. "We should be concerned about automated driving," said Smith. "But we should be terrified about conventional driving."
Netflix
Even if you're still in the middle of Lost in Space from Netflix's April additions, the month of May is nearly upon us and the streaming giant already has a whole of new shows and films in store for its subscribers. From the fourth season of the hugely popular Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt to a seemingly endless array of new comedy specials from Tig Notaro, John Mulaney, and more, the sheer amount of new content Netflix is putting out next month is insurmountable. Then again, to make room for it all the streamer will have to sacrifice a few expired licenses, like the Martin Scorsese classic Goodfellas.
ARRIVING
The fourth season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (5/30)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
We haven't heard much from Kimmy Schmidt (Ellie Kemper) since season three dropped in May of last year. That's all about to change at the end of May, when the popular comedy series will return to Netflix for its fourth season. Slated for a split debut on Wednesday, May 30th, the first half of season four (six episodes) will be available to watch in full. As for the second half of the new season, they will be available to watch sometime “later in 2018.” No particular reason was given by Netflix back in February, though it probably has something to do with show creator Tina Fey's busy schedule.
DEPARTING
Goodfellas says goodbye (5/1)
Martin Scorsese's 1990 film Goodfellas is an all-time cinematic classic, Tommy DeVito's (Joe Pesci) crazed outbursts notwithstanding. The film was adapted from Nicholas Pileggi's 1986 book Wiseguy, which chronicled the rise and fall of Henry Hill (Ray Liotta), a mobster who became an informant for the FBI. Anyone with a love of Scorsese films, Robert De Niro being Robert De Niro, or crime movies will love Goodfellas. Hence why, if you haven't seen it already, now's your chance before Netflix removes it on Tuesday, May 1st.
By Joseph Ax
(Reuters) - A panel of federal judges in Pennsylvania on Monday refused to block the state's new congressional district map from taking effect, rejecting Republican arguments that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overstepped its authority in issuing new voting lines in February.
The ruling, a victory for Democrats hoping to defeat Republican incumbents in November's midterm congressional elections, came just 24 hours before candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives must file petitions to secure spots on this fall's ballot.
The state's top court ruled in January along party lines that the Republican-controlled legislature illegally designed the old boundaries to benefit the party's candidates at the expense of Democrats, violating voters' constitutional rights. After the legislature did not meet a court deadline to submit a new version, the court drew its own redistricting map.
Independent political analysts have said the new map will boost Democratic chances in one-third of the state's 18 seats, which Republicans have dominated since the old lines took effect in 2011. Republicans hold 12 of those 18 seats after Democrat Conor Lamb's surprise victory last week in a special election.
All told, Democrats need to flip 23 seats nationwide to capture control of the House.
Eight Republican members of congress and two Republican state legislators sued election officials in February, arguing that only lawmakers have the legal power to create voting districts.
But a three-judge panel in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state capital, dismissed their lawsuit on Monday, finding that individual Republican lawmakers did not have standing to bring such a complaint on behalf of the entire state legislature.
State Republicans have also filed a separate legal challenge to the new map with the U.S. Supreme Court, which has not yet ruled. Justice Samuel Alito, who hears emergency appeals from Pennsylvania, previously rejected a similar petition in February.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Wiz Khalifa released the video for their new single “Something New (ft. Ty Dolla $ign)” today. The all-star video includes cameos from Demi Lovato, Jamie Foxx, Jason Derulo, O.T. Genasis, Juicy J, Lil Dicky, G-Eazy, Chuck Liddell, and Todd Gurley.
“Something New (ft. Ty Dolla $ign)” is the first single released from Wiz's highly anticipated upcoming studio album due this fall. Check out the dope visual above!
BUY/STREAM “SOMETHING NEW” HERE:
https://atlantic.lnk.to/SomethingNew
Some Republicans in Congress are donating their contributions from Las Vegas billionaire Steve Wynn to charity in light of sexual misconduct allegations against the former Republican National Committee finance chairperson.
The announcements come in light of a Wall Street Journal report Friday that Wynn, a casino mogul and prolific Republican donor, sexually harassed several women. Wynn, chairperson and CEO of Wynn Resorts, has denied the allegations
Wynn's home-state senator Dean Heller, who is running for re-election this year, is donating the $5,400 their campaign received last year from the casino mogul to a yet-determined charity, campaign aides said Monday. A spokesperson for Sen. Rob Portman said the Ohio Republican would donate the $5,400 their campaign received from Wynn for their 2016 campaign to charities aimed at stemming human sex-trafficking. Likewise, an aide to Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson said they were giving the $5,400 they got in 2016 from Wynn to a domestic abuse victims service in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
The Republican Governors Association, the chief campaign fundraising group for GOP governor candidates, was returning $100,000 from Wynn's company. It also canceled a contract to hold its 2020 annual convention at the Wynn Las Vegas resort, and said it will not accept contributions from Wynn or their company unless the claims against them are proven false.
Aides to House Speaker Paul Ryan confirmed they would donate $1,000 from a Wynn-related business group to a Wisconsin homelessness charity. Rep. Karen Handel of Georgia, who won a special election last year, was giving the $2,700 their campaign received from Wynn to a Georgia charity for sexual and domestic abuse victims.
The announcements by Heller, Portman and Johnson follow calls Sunday by Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina to return the money.
"I don't even think it's a close call to return the money," Collins said on CNN's "State of the Union."
RNC Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel told committee members Saturday they had accepted Wynn's resignation as finance committee chairperson. The committee convenes in Washington this week for its annual winter meeting.
The allegations against Wynn are part of a wave of sexual misconduct claims against prominent media, entertainment and political figures that gained momentum last fall after the emergence of detailed allegations of rape and harassment involving movie producer Harvey Weinstein.
During the fall, RNC officials, including McDaniel, noted that Weinstein had been a top donor for Democrats, including 2016 presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
In October, McDaniel tweeted that if the Democratic National Committee "truly stands up for women like they say they do, then returning Weinstein's dirty money should be a no-brainer." The RNC has not yet said whether it will return any money donated by Wynn.
Heller and Portman and are part of a long list of mainly Republican lawmakers, candidates and party organizations Wynn has contributed to in recent years, though they have also previously backed Democrats.
Wynn contributed $5,400 to the 2016 campaigns of Sens. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Marco Rubio of Florida and Tim Scott of South Carolina. That year, Wynn also contributed $167,000 to the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
Since 2013, Wynn has contributed nearly $2.4 million to GOP candidates and party organizations around the country, including 2017 special election winners.
The fallout to Wynn's business interests continued Monday. Shares of Wynn Resorts had falling about 18 percent since first allegations were reported.
Though the company and Wynn have vehemently denied the allegations, the company's board said a committee of independent directors would investigate the allegations.
It will be headed by Patricia Mulroy, a board member and former member of the Nevada Gaming Commission.
_
Associated Press reporters Scott Bauer in Madison, Wisconsin, and Damian Troise in New York contributed to this report.
___
This story has been corrected to show Wynn contribution to Heller was $5,400, not $10,800.
MADRID (AP) - Palma on the island of Mallorca plans to become the first Spanish city to prohibit the rental of apartments to tourists.
Palma mayor Antoni Noguera says Tuesday that their government will vote for the ban in a city council because "there is nothing worse than having residents who can't live in their city nor afford a rent."
Rents in Mallorca and in most Spanish cities have increased in recent years. Many residents and local lawmakers blame the price rise on internet sites and apps that allow travelers to rent apartments short-term directly from homeowners.
Noguera says that houses will be excluded from the ban, unless they are in protected areas, near airports or in industrial areas.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Israel Defense Forces approved an order which allows Israel to move the illegal West Bank outpost of Amona to adjacent lots,... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
How has the Earth evolved, and what's in store for the future? It's a sticky question that has graduate student Loes van Dam covered in corn syrup by the end of a day in the lab.
They thought using a computer model would be limiting. So they designed and built a large tank, filled it with 2,000 pounds (907 kilograms) of corn syrup, and added six counter-rotating belts to study how tectonic plates drift and shift.
The corn syrup represents the Earth's mantle, which melts to form magma at volcanoes and ridges. The belts are the drifting and shifting tectonic plates. Their intersection is the ocean ridge.
Syrup in the tank, which measures 5 feet (1.5 meters) wide, 5 feet (1.5 meters) long and 1? feet (0.3 meters) tall, slowly moves as the belts pull apart. Cameras record the flow in what van Dam has named the "ridge zone replicator." One minute of each experiment equals more than a million years in time, to show how tectonic plates move mantle material.
"It's really cool that with our little experiments, we get clues about how this process has been going on in the past and why those plates are positioned the way they are now," said van Dam, who studies geological oceanography at the University of Rhode Island's Graduate School of Oceanography in Narragansett.
How plates drift is not thoroughly understood, and computer simulations have difficulty capturing it. Them experiments aim to show how plate tectonics created the sea floor over billions of years, and how those forces are at work today.
"We can understand the flow at all points in the syrup. We're not limited to measuring at a few points, like in a numerical simulation," they said.
Them experiments are showing that the lava that erupts from volcanoes to form new sea floor may originate at a shallower depth in the Earth than geologists currently think. The model shows more horizontal flow of mantle material than previous models have shown.
That may tell researchers more about the chemical makeup of the Earth's interior, said URI Professor Chris Kincaid, an expert in geophysical oceanography.
To their knowledge, they said, it's the first 3-D model of a mid-ocean ridge system that can migrate in any direction.
"She's trying to put together a clearer picture of the evolution of the Earth," they said. "If you're trying to understand how the Earth is changing in the future, you need to know that."
Van Dam, 23 and born in Rotterdam, Netherlands, moved to Novato, California, when they were young. They always picked up rocks that fascinated them and got their first introduction to plate tectonics in a third-grade earth science class.
The research is funded with a grant from the National Science Foundation.
An interesting perspective has been recently pointed out that I honestly hadn't put much thought to until now that “Global Supply Chains Contain Inflation.” This report and a number of others mention that the global supply chain has put persistent downward pressure on prices and therefore, governments around the world that are reconsidering their participation in free trade (sound familiar?) should realize that withdrawal could come at a high cost.
While monetary policy has deservedly been given a lot of the credit for limiting inflation over the past 25+ years, the growth of the global market seems to actually have had a potentially greater impact. In the U.S., government borrowing (i.e., national debt) was supposed to fuel inflation, but it hasn't. Counteracting this is the abundance of inexpensive consumer goods imported from Asia as well as less expensive raw and intermediate materials sourced globally (and a relatively low price of fuel as an added incentive for global trade).
It is safe to say that international trade leads to competition at a global level and tends to push down prices of domestically produced goods, and even the threat of cheaper imported substitutes keeps a lid on domestic production costs. That can partially explain wage stagnation a bit as, like the cost of any other factor of production, wage growth—and its impact on overall inflation—is also kept in check through this mechanism.
I think that this effect isn't only due to the availability of global trade, but also a company's ability to use technology and process improvements, such as Lean and Six Sigma, to improve the agility and efficiency of their supply chains and operations functions. This has enabled global trade to keep growing. So, any activities that can put a damper on these effects—such as artificial trade barriers and other economic uncertainty, significant fuel price increases, environmental disasters and terrorism—could also result in increases in inflation.
“The headlines are hands down the best in the world,” said Angela Rye, the CNN commentator and attorney .
“I love to read it,” said the sports journalist Jemele Hill. “I just can't retweet it.”
Bossip, an Atlanta-based gossip website with a focus on black celebrity, was founded in 2006 and acquired by the media network Interactive One last year. Since then, the audience of the website has more than doubled, according to Janeé Bolden, the site's managing editor. In part, that's because of the website's lyrical, often biting headlines, which inspire devotion, fear and above all, strong reactions. Ms. Bolden said that Lil Wayne's manager made the sign of the cross when they told them where they worked.
The Times asked Bossip editors to talk about some of their favorite headlines and how they came about.
CDC Urges Americans To Get Their Flu Shots
It's flu shot time, and health officials are bracing for a potentially miserable fall and winter. The clues: The Southern Hemisphere, especially Australia, was hit hard over the past few months with a flu strain that's notorious for causing severe illness, especially in seniors.
And in the U.S., small clusters of that so-called H3N2 flu already are popping up.
"We don't know what's going to happen but there's a chance we could have a season similar to Australia," Dr. Daniel Jernigan, influenza chief at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told The Associated Press.
The worrisome news came as the government urged Americans Thursday to make sure they get a flu shot before influenza starts spreading widely. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price got their own jab to publicize the importance, saying, "There's no reason not to get protected."
Last year, only about 47 percent of the population was vaccinated.
CDC's Jernigan cautions there's no good way to predict how bad the upcoming flu season will be. That H3N2 strain caused infections here last year, too. And although strains that circulate in the Southern Hemisphere often spread to North America and Europe, there's no guarantee it will make a repeat performance.
Still, H3N2 is "the bad actor," said Dr. William Schaffner of Vanderbilt University and the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases. "If you needed another reason to get vaccinated, there it is. Best get that protection."
Also Thursday, World Health Organization flu advisers meeting in Australia recommended updating future vaccines for the Southern Hemisphere to strengthen H3N2 protection.
Flu does constantly evolve, forcing new vaccine to be brewed each year to match the strains specialists expect to cause most illness. In the U.S., CDC's Jernigan said this year's shots aren't perfect -- but that the H3N2 strain traveling around the globe hasn't significantly changed, so the vaccine remains a pretty good match.
"It's the best tool we have right now for preventing disease," they said in an interview.
Some things to know about the once-a-year rite of flu vaccination:
Who Needs a Shot?
Everybody, starting at 6 months of age, according to the CDC.
Flu is most dangerous for people over age 65, young children, pregnant women and people with certain health conditions such as asthma or heart disease.
But it can kill even the young and otherwise healthy. On average, the CDC says flu kills about 24,000 Americans each year, and last year, the toll included 105 children.
Last year, three-fourths of babies and toddlers -- tots ages 6 months to 2 years -- were vaccinated. So were two-thirds of adults 65 and older.
How Well Does the Vaccine Protect?
The CDC says people who get flu shots have a 40 percent to 60 percent lower chance of getting seriously ill than the unvaccinated. If someone is infected despite vaccination, generally they have a milder illness than if they'd skipped the shot, Schaffner said.
"I like to tell my patients, 'You're here complaining, that's wonderful -- you didn't die,'" they said.
Don't Delay
It takes about two weeks for good protection to kick in. Flu season tends to peak around January, but there's no way to know when it will start spreading widely.
Manufacturers say between 151 million and 166 million doses will be available this year. It's already widely available in doctors' offices and drugstores.
Will the Shot Make Me Sick?
You can't get influenza from flu shots, specialists stress. But flu vaccine doesn't protect against colds or other respiratory viruses that people can confuse with influenza.
Lots of Options
The regular flu shot comes in versions that protect against either three or four strains of influenza -- including that problematic H3N2 strain, another Type A strain known as H1N1, and one or two strains of Type B flu.
Ask your doctor or pharmacist about other options which are available for certain age groups.
For needle-phobes, there's a skin-deep vaccine that uses tiny needles, and a needle-free jet injector that shoots another vaccine through the skin.
Two vaccine brands target the 65-and-older crowd. They're especially vulnerable to flu's dangerous complications because they tend to have more underlying health problems than younger people -- and because standard flu shots don't work as well with age-weakened immune systems. One high-dose version contains four times the usual anti-flu ingredient, while a competitor contains an extra immune-boosting compound.
And for those worried about allergies from eggs used in the production process, two more vaccines are egg-free.
Sorry Kids, No Nasal Spray Option
FluMist, a less ouchy nasal spray vaccine, once was popular with children. But last year, a baffled CDC said it was no longer protecting against certain influenza strains as well as regular flu shots -- and told doctors not to use it. That's the same advice this year: Youngsters will need a shot, just like their parents.
And for kids between the ages of 6 months and 8 years who are getting a first-ever flu vaccination, they'll need two doses a month apart.
United Staes' Men's 4x100 meters relay team, from left, Christian Coleman, Mike Rogers, Jaylen Bacon and Justin Gatlin pose on the podium with their silver medal at the World Athletics Championships in London Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)
LONDON (AP) — For years, athletes from the United States have quietly wondered how they might have fared if they had been competing on a level playing field. This year, they may have found out.
Final figures from the medals standings at the world championships that wrapped up Sunday offered evidence that track and field's attempt to crack down on a global doping crisis could be making a direct impact on the results themselves.
Exhibit A: The United States won 30 medals, while athletes from four countries that have been under the doping microscope — Kenya (11), Russia (6), Ethiopia (5) and Jamaica (4) — combined for 26.
Two years ago, the results looked like this: United States 17, Kenya 16, Jamaica 12, Ethiopia 8, Russia 4.
Four years ago, with Russia competing on home turf and in the midst of what investigators have determined was a state-sponsored doping conspiracy, they looked like this: United States 26, Russia 14, Kenya 12, Jamaica and Ethiopia 10 each.
"Maybe the only good byproduct of the past corruption and scandal is that it forces sport to make sure it never happens again," said Travis Tygart, the CEO of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency. "Ultimately, that's good for clean athletes."
Among the changes that have taken place over the last two years:
—The suspension of the Russian track federation. Only 19 Russians competed at this year's worlds, 100 fewer than were present in Moscow in 2013. The 19 competed as neutral athletes because the IAAF determined they've been under proper anti-doping controls.
—Five countries, including distance-running powerhouses Kenya and Ethiopia, have been placed on a doping watch list — meaning they are being closely watched because of evidence that has surfaced about less-than-robust anti-doping procedures in those countries. Jamaica has also been under increased scrutiny, which has led to the stripping of a 2008 Olympic relay medal because of doping by one of Usain Bolt's teammates.
—The IAAF has established an independent testing authority that takes responsibilities for conducting the anti-doping program out of its hands. A handful of former IAAF leaders are under investigation for their roles in doping cover-ups and related corruption.
"We have to be open about it," IAAF president Sebastian Coe said. "There's been a disproportionate amount of damage to the sport produced by a relatively small number of nations, and we just have to get on top of that."
As a sign of the IAAF's willingness to tackle the issue head-on, the meet began with the reallocation of medals from 11 races dating to 2007.
"It's not a Russia thing, but it is a thing that sometimes you get out there and you wonder, 'Do I have a fair shot at this? If I'm doing the right thing, is everyone else doing the right thing?'" said American sprinter Natasha Hastings, who received a reallocated relay gold from 2013.
It's a refrain shared up and down the roster in the United States, where athletes are widely considered to be subject to one of the world's toughest anti-doping programs.
"It's not uncommon for athletes in our training group to get tested every month," said U.S.-based track coach Loren Seagrave, who trains athletes from several countries. "On some occasions, you get tested on one day, and they show up again the next day. I think they're as vigilant as they can be."
Of course, it's a delicate proposition to attribute all these numbers to doping, or to assume all the problems are fixed. From Marion Jones to Tim Montgomery to Tyson Gay, Americans have a history of doping positives, reflected most starkly during this meet by the fans' reaction to Justin Gatlin. The 100-meter champion was roundly booed at every turn because of their doping history — he's served two bans.
"I thought in 2012, I was in a cleaner race, and it turns out that Olympic final was probably one of the dirtiest in history," said American middle-distance runner Shannon Rowbury, who finished out of the medals in a race in which no fewer than five of the 1,500-meter finalists have been investigated for doping violations.
Exhibit B (perhaps): Eleven of this year's 14 winning sprint times, including relays and hurdles, were slower than in 2013, which was the last world championships held the year after the Olympics. But a portion of that — as well as Jamaica's paltry showing, with only four medals — could be attributed to Bolt's rough week; they won bronze in the 100 meters and pulled up lame in the 4x100 with a hurt left hamstring.
By MATTHEW PERRONE
AP Health Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Federal health officials on Tuesday announced a nationwide crackdown on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a monthlong operation against illegal sales of Juul to children. Investigators targeted 7-Eleven locations, Shell gas stations and Cumberland Farms convenience stores as well as vaping shops.
FDA regulators also asked manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its product. The rare request focuses on whether certain product features are specifically appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid - usually containing nicotine - into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public. Parents, teachers and principals say they are struggling to control the booming trend.
"The bathroom is the main source of it," said Maureen Byrne, the principal of Dublin High School near San Francisco. "As students become more comfortable, we have seen it in classrooms and on campus even out in the open."
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the current "blitz" targeting Juul will continue through the end of the month, with additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview. They named several other brands of concern, including KandyPens and myblu.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years, accounting for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to recent industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage use of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
Chaz Nuttycombe, an 18-year-old who has never tried vaping, says it's prevalent at their school, Hanover High near Richmond, Virginia.
"They're not doing cigarettes because that's not really hip," they said. "I think my generation has been educated on what's in a cigarette, the poisons and whatnot."
Research shows that many e-cigarettes contain trace amounts of chemicals like formaldehyde, but it's unclear whether they exist at levels that can cause long-term health problems. Most researchers agree any risks of e-cigarettes do not approach the long-established harms of traditional cigarettes, which cause cancer, heart disease and lung disease.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place during the summer of 2016.
___
AP writer Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this story.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Courtesy photos by Ramon Holguin
In the photo above, Richard Vasquez, founder of the "You Are Important" movement, stands by the official poster made to create suicide awareness in the community. Members of this movement held an event on Saturday, March 17, at the Desert Flower Art Bar that consisted of free food, door prizes, games and live music. While the event was aimed towards spreading suicide awareness, it also served as a fundraiser for the movement where all proceeds went to ‘You Are Important'.
See Monday's paper.
Athletes competing at the upcoming Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur have been warned there is "no way" they will be able to deceive doping control officers as organisers promised to a delivery Olympic-style testing at the event.
Datuk Dr S. S. Cheema, the head of the Organising Committee's Medical and Anti-Doping Committee, told Malaysian news agency Bernama that those participating at the Games would be subjected to rigorous testing.
They promised all medal winners would be tested after their event and claimed they would "start to conduct random tests or out-of-competition tests at any time".
The Southeast Asian Games officially get underway on Saturday (August 19) with the Opening Ceremony and conclude on August 30.
Action in sports such as football and netball has already begun, while competition will start in water polo, archery and swimming in the days leading up to the Ceremony.
"There is no way to escape because we will test both urine and blood samples," Dr Cheema said.
"Once the athletes check into their hotels, we will start to conduct random tests or out-of-competition tests at any time.
"Medal winners will be tested 100 per cent.
"The number of tests will be higher this time because Malaysia are hosting 38 sports and 404 events compared to 36 sports and 402 events in Singapore."
The Southeast Asian Games in Malaysia have already begun ©Getty Images
The anti-doping programme at the Games will be overseen by a task force of 150 people, including 80 anti-doping control officers from the Anti-Doping Agency of Malaysia.
They will collect samples which will be sent to New Delhi in India for analysis.
Any positive tests will be reported to the South-east Asia Regional Anti-Doping Organisation and the Organising Committee.
"Common substance abuse among athletes include weight reducing and performance enhancing drugs, masking agents to disguise the presence of other drugs and erythropoietin, otherwise known as blood doping," added Dr Cheema.
"The type of the substance used depends on the sports, like beta blockers to ensure steady hands in sports like shooting and archery, steroids for stamina, speed and power, and diuretics to reduce weight so they can compete in a different category.
"Every sport can have cheats."
PARRY SOUND — Shopping with your pups in tow this summer? Don't leave them in the hot car.
There's now a Dog Cooling Station at the Parry Sound Canadian Tire opened 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday to Saturday where pet owners can leave their dogs while they shop in town.
Operator Kathy Curreie Eyers also runs Top Dog K9 Services in Barrie, but decided to spend some time at the family's McKellar home this summer. They got the idea from something similar they saw about two-decades ago.
“Mom and I had talked about this a couple years ago, because Parry Sound is a tourist town and people are wanting to get their groceries and camping supplies, cottage supplies — there's always the issue of what to do with the pets while we are in the store,” said Currie Eyers.
A press release just in from the American Chemical Society describes how wcientists are reporting development and successful testing in laboratory mice of a “cocaine antidote”. The substance and its effects are described in the journal Molecular Pharmaceutics. The researchers refer to it as a “passive vaccine”, which apparently reverses the motor impairment, seizures and other dangerous symptoms of cocaine overdose.
Cocaine (benzoylmethylecgonine) is a tropane alkaloid obtained from the leaves of the coca plant as a colourless crystalline substance. The name derives from “coca” to which is added the suffix -ine representing alkaloids chemical speaking. Cocaine is a central nervous system stimulant, appetite suppressant, and a topical anaesthetic. It is more specifically a serotonin–norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitor (also known as a triple reuptake inhibitor) and is commonly used as a drug of abuse. It mediates functionality of those three neurotransmitters affecting the mesolimbic reward pathway in the brain.
Treweek, J., & Janda, K. (2012). An Antidote for Acute Cocaine Toxicity Molecular Pharmaceutics, 9 (4), 969-978 DOI: 10.1021/mp200588v
It looks like the paper went online at the beginning of March, presumably the press release is associated with the now-irrelevant print publication date.
This article has been reproduced from Sciencebase Science News. Copyright David Bradley.
© 2017, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
Pontus Jansson insists talks about their future will not detract from their performances for Leeds United with the defender poised to clear the way for a full-time move to Elland Road.
Jansson admitted they were still unsure about when a permanent transfer from Torino would go through but the centre-back vowed to “focus on the games”, saying they were “a little tired of questions” about the proposed move.
The Swede is set to make their 20th appearance of the season for Leeds against Rotherham United this afternoon, activating a clause which gives United the right to convert their season-long loan from Torino into a full-time transfer.
Leeds will need to pay a fee of around £3.5m to conclude the deal but Jansson's form in England has rapidly endeared them to United's crowd and established them as a fixture in Garry Monk's defence.
United are expected to sign the transfer off before the end of the January window and Jansson plans to leave the matter in the hands of the club and their agent – former Sweden striker Martin Dahlin – as Leeds continue to fight for promotion from the Championship.
“I've not heard anything,” Jansson said. “I put my focus on the games and Rotherham is the next one but I hope my agent and the club can make the deal permanent.
“It's not a problem for me to keep my mind on the game and leave the rest to others. I'm used to that because I've been in this position before. You have to be professional and do your best on the pitch and that's what I'll do.
“I don't want to talk any more about it. Everyone knows I'm really happy to be here. All these questions are for the club and my agent. All I can say is I'm happy to be here. I really hope (a permanent move will happen) but I'm a little tired of those questions. My New Year wish is to be a Leeds player.”
Jansson, who scored for the second time this season in Thursday's 1-1 draw at Aston Villa, came to Leeds in search of a fresh start after their career with Italian club Torino ground to a sudden halt in August.
The 25-year-old quickly established a strong rapport with United's fans and a reliable partnership with Kyle Bartley in the centre of Monk's defence.
Leeds have lost only five of the 21 games which Jansson has started but the defender claimed United were still to see them in top form.
“The move has been great,” Jansson said. “I believed in myself and the club believed in me as well or they wouldn't have signed me.
“Since the first day it felt really good to be here. It's easy to play good football when you feel good but I haven't shown 100 per cent yet. I do believe that.
“There's more to prove for me but the fans have been brilliant. I've had it before in my career. At Malmo I was a supporter and then I went to the pitch and played for the team. It was almost the same situation as it is now. I'm really thankful for it. When the fans love you it's easy to play football.”
Preview: SGA presidential and vice presidential debate
Debate season for the 2017 Student Government Association elections is fast approaching.
The SGA vice presidential debate will take place at 7 p.m. on Thursday, Feb. 16, via live-stream from CoogTV followed by the presidential debate at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Feb. 22, in the Houston Room.
Voting begins at midnight Feb. 28 and ends noon March 2. Students will be able to vote at designated polling locations on campus and online via Get Involved.
“Our tagline for this election will be ‘skip the line, go online,” said Austin Turman, political science senior and chief election commissioner. “Not only do we think that this makes it easier for students to vote, but it also gives them a private setting where students can voice their opinions without anyone looking over their shoulder.”
The presidential debate is free for all students to attend.
Before the debate, students can participate in a senatorial meet-and-greet at 7 p.m. on Feb. 15 in the Senate Chamber where they can talk to senators who represent their college and address any campus issues.
During the debates, candidates will be asked questions concerning how SGA should interact with the student body, promote diversity and improve the administration. Relevant topics include parking issues, academics, colleges and places where candidates believe students should be better represented.
Both events will be live-streamed, and students can submit their own questions via Twitter in order to be more directly involved in the debate. All questions will be screened to ensure they are appropriate and involve the University.
Communications senior and editor-in-chief of The Cougar Trey Strange said it is an annual tradition for The Cougar to host the SGA presidential debate because it is important for the press to hold their government accountable.
“Anyone running for office, even at a university level, is held accountable for the words they say and the actions they say they will do,” Strange said. “We've seen very strong SGA administrations and really weak ones; the goal is always to have a strong administration. The debate will be a step in holding those governmental figures accountable.”
There will also be a vice presidential debate this year. The debate will be moderated by communications junior Jasmine Davis in a private, smaller, more intimate setting that students will be able to view live on the CoogTV Facebook page.
Computer information systems senior and Student Video Network Executive Producer Cory Rodriguez said they decided to live-stream the event after recognizing the benefits of live-streaming the presidential election in November.
“One of the great things about these videos is that students can go back and watch them after the debate,” Rodriguez said. “Of course with live-stream, students can still interact with and experience the event real time, but they can still go back and see it as a memory.”
Noting the impact of SGA on the University, Turman urges students to engage with the election this year.
“I think students need to seriously consider voting and seriously consider the gravity of what it is to vote,” Turman said. “There are going to be so many freshmen, sophomores and juniors who will have to live under this administration, so their voices need to be heard in order for their needs to be met.”
[email protected]
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — At least 11 soldiers, including an army captain, were killed and 13 others were injured Saturday when a suicide bomber detonated their explosives at a highly guarded army base in northern Pakistan, officials said.
The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, one of the deadliest against the military in recent years. The powerful explosion, which rocked the surrounding area, occurred in the Kabal region of Swat, a picturesque valley in the northern part of the country.
This was the first major terrorist attack in Swat, once a Taliban stronghold, in the past five years, local residents said. The Pakistani military wrested the region from the Taliban in 2009 and has maintained a heavy presence.
The suicide bomber struck Saturday evening while the soldiers were playing volleyball after duty. Officials said they imposed a curfew, cordoned off most local roads and searched for accomplices in the aftermath.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The most recent suicide bombing in Swat took place in 2013, when 22 people were killed at a religious congregation.
The Pakistani Taliban are led by Maulana Fazlullah, who comes from Swat and led militants in the region before assuming leadership of the group. Mr. Fazlullah escaped to Afghanistan after the 2009 military operation, and Pakistani military officials say they are hiding in Kunar Province of Afghanistan. Pakistan has made several requests to the Afghan government to track down and arrest Mr. Fazlullah.
R700 223rem / mdt lss Remington 700 varmint in 223rem cut and threaded to 20" in a mdt lss chassis.
20moa rail (might be badger)
Badger bolt knob
Brake
Trigger tech trigger
One 10 round mdt mag
LaRue sliding cheek piece on a mag pull ctr.
850.00 shipped or 1000.00 with scope and rings
Millet 4-16x50 in weaver rings Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Leupold PRW 30 mm low rings Got a set of Leupold PRW 30mm low rings in great shape. Have been lapped $40 shipped
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
A U.S. Air Force F-16C fighter jet crashed on Tuesday at an airport in Arizona while attempting to land.
The pilot was able to eject and was taken to hospital in good condition.
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Iowa's governor is keeping campaign donations tied to a firm that profited from a controversial lobbying blitz funded by Saudi Arabia.
Gov. Kim Reynolds in November returned a $100 contribution from executive branch appointees Kim and Connie Schmett, saying they disagreed with their side work as foreign agents. The couple collected $100,000 opposing a law allowing victims of the 2001 terrorist attacks to sue Saudi Arabia.
But their campaign kept several larger donations linked to the LS2Group, a Des Moines-based firm that received $76,500 from the same Saudi-funded work.
LS2Group executive Chuck Larson Jr. hosted a Reynolds fundraiser last summer. They and other LS2 employees gave thousands to Reynolds, and LS2Group's political arm gave $250.
Reynolds' campaign spokesperson notes LS2Group is a private business while the Schmetts are state officials.
Connie Schmett was fined $250 last week by an ethics board for disclosure violations.
Scientists finally confirm that Uranus is surrounded by fart clouds https://t.co/JPTvZdC9md via @PopSci pic.twitter.com/vXisIjJ7au — Rachel “The Yellow Dart” Feltman (@RachelFeltman) April 23, 2018
The scientists have spoken: Uranus stinks.A new study looked at the gases found in the planet's atmosphere and found that it's full of the notoriously foul-smelling hydrogen sulfide.The study, published in the journal Nature Astronomy , is authored by scientists from California Institute of Technology, the University of Oxford and the University of Leicester.The example of a hydrogen sulfide-emitting substance that the study gave is rotten eggs. Many social media users, however, have pointed out that hydrogen sulfide can be found elsewhere, namely in raw sewage and in human flatulence.But even if you hypothetically could get near enough to smell it, the smell would be the least of your concerns. Patrick Irwin, a Professor of Planetary Physics at Oxford and one of the study's authors, explained."If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions," they said. "Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell."The study said that the presence of hydrogen sulfide in the planet's atmosphere has long been studied, but this is the best proof yet. The gas was found in the planet's cloud tops by dissecting light from Uranus captured by the Gemini North telescope.Scientists say this discovery sheds light on how and when Uranus was formed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices rose a sharply in November, lifted by a shortage of homes on the market.
Standard & Poor's said Tuesday that its S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index increased 6.2 percent in November from a year earlier after climbing 6.1 percent in October.
Seattle saw 12.7 percent price increase, Las Vegas 10.6 percent and San Francisco 9.1 percent. Washington D.C. prices rose just 3.3 percent, lowest among the 20 metropolitan areas measured.
The national housing index has registered annual gains of 5 percent or more for 16 months.
David Blitzer, chairperson of the index committee at S&P Dow Jones Indices, noted that housing construction is running well below historical levels. "Without more supply, home prices may continue to substantially outpace inflation," they said.
The national index is running 6.1 percent above the peak it reached in July 2006 — before prices went into a 27.4 percent freefall — a collapse that tipped the American economy into the worst recession since the 1930s. The national home-price index hit bottom in February 2012 and has bounced back 46.2 percent since then.
The higher prices and shortage of inventory may be denting sales. And a December cold snap may have kept buyers out of the market. The Commerce Department reported last week that new-home sales skidded 9.3 percent in December. And the National Association of Realtors said sales of existing homes dropped 3.6 percent last month.
Jason Momoa is ready for a big 2017, thanks to their upcoming parts in The Bad Batch — in which he'll star alongside Keanu Reeves as a post-apocalyptic biker cannibal (!) — as well as Justice League, which will mark their first proper outing as DC Comics' oceanic hero, Aquaman. While principal photography has finished on the superhero-team production, Momoa will dive right back into their comic-book duties as star in their own standalone Aquaman film from director James Wan (The Conjuring). And in a recent interview, Momoa's revealed a bit more about that eagerly anticipated spotlight venture.
Related: Nicole Kidman in Talks to Join ‘Aquaman' as Hero's Mother
Speaking to Digital Trends while attending a Valentine's Day get-together for Ubisoft's multiplayer video game For Honor, Momoa talked up Aquaman as a unique affair:
“I read the [Aquaman] script and let me just put it this way, I've never seen a movie that's anything like this. It's going to be a world that you've never seen before, which is really cool. We went to space, we traveled all over different worlds [at the movies], but we never went underwater. So it's just a really cool spin on what's below and it uses a lot of great movies that I already love — whether that be Raiders of the Lost Ark to Star Wars to Lord of the Rings to Romancing the Stone. It has a lot of really cool adventure, it's funny and heroic, and there are a lot of different characters and a lot of different worlds that we get to go to. So I've never really seen anything like it.”
Related: ‘Aquaman' Finds Its Black Manta Villain With ‘Get Down' Actor
Though they admit that Entourage's mockery of an Aquaman film has stung a bit, Momoa tells Digital Trends that one of the things that most attracted them to Zack Snyder's take on the character was that it would delve into their native background:
“The cool thing with Aquaman is how it taps into the native culture and that's something that we're only taught a little about, so there are a lot of interesting things. I really think it's the right time. It's really cool. Zack is one of those perspectives on it and DC is really getting behind it. It was a ballsy step. They did it, and I'm extremely happy with the world they've created. It's an honor to be part of this.”
Related: Amber Heard's Mera, Aquaman's Butt-Kicking Queen, Surfaces In ‘Justice League' Art
Given that he's training hard and, by their own admission, ready to “completely f–k some shit up,” Momoa comes across as fully amped about the upcoming film. To read more of their thoughts on the tentpole release — including how Game of Thrones helped them get the part — head over to Digital Trends. We'll see them first as the DC hero in Justice League on Nov. 17; Aquaman sets sail in theaters on Oct. 5, 2018.
‘Aquaman' Director James Wan Says Supposed DC Shakeup Involving Zack Snyder and Geoff Johns Is Not ‘Dramatic':
LONDON (AP) — "Blade Runner" director Ridley Scott is to receive the British Academy Film Awards' highest honor.
The academy announced Wednesday that the 80-year-old filmmaker will collect the BAFTA Fellowship at the British academy awards ceremony next month.
Scott's films include "Alien," ''Thelma and Louise" and "Gladiator."
Their latest release is kidnap drama "All the Money in the World," which underwent last-minute reshoots to replace Kevin Spacey after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Scott said it was "very gratifying" to be honored for their body of work.
The fellowship is awarded to one person a year for "outstanding and exceptional contribution to film, games or television." Previous recipients include Charlie Chaplin, Alfred Hitchcock, Elizabeth Taylor and Judi Dench.
The awards ceremony takes place Feb. 18 at London's Royal Albert Hall.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have picked up their fifth-year contract options for 2019 on running back Todd Gurley and cornerback Marcus Peters.
The Rams announced their easiest decisions of the off-season Tuesday.
Gurley led the NFL in all-purpose yards as the league's Offensive Player of the Year last season, thriving in new coach Sean McVay's offence. They rushed for 1,305 yards and 13 touchdowns while catching 64 passes for 788 yards and six more scores.
The Rams acquired Peters from the Chiefs in February, and they are expected to start alongside fellow newcomer Aqib Talib. Peters earned two Pro Bowl selections and made 19 interceptions during their three seasons in Kansas City.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
04:44 Reported News Briefs Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 New law would bring Litzman back to Health Ministry Read more Proposed law would allow Litzman to return to the Health Ministry as deputy minister under Netanyahu as in the past. ► ◄ Last Briefs
In the latest episode of the 2018 Frontstretch Podcast, we review the biggest day of racing with Dustin Albino, Mike Neff, Zach Catanzareti and Ross Chastain, the driver of the No. 15 Premium Motorsports Chevrolet in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series and the No. 4 JD Motorsports machine in the XFINITY Series.
Kyle Busch dominated the Coca-Cola 600, leading 377 of 400 laps (565.5 miles), and picked up their first victory at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Kevin Harvick started shotgun on the field, but made their way up to fourth before wrecking out on lap 83 and was probably the No. 18 team's closest competition.
Martin Truex Jr. failed to lead the most laps in the event for the second consecutive season, but picked up their second consecutive runner-up-finish.
Chastain takes us through their race, including a career-best 25th starting position. They also discuss the restrictor plate package the XFINITY Series will be racing this weekend at Pocono Raceway and next weekend at Michigan International Speedway.
Finally, Zach takes us through their weekend of covering their third Indianapolis 500 and watching Will Power take home the Borg-Warner Trophy.
Impulse (below) is a series from Bourne Identity director Doug Liman about a young girl who can teleport themselves out of trouble, at the cost of breaking everything (and everyone) in the vicinity. The trailer does look intriguing, with elements of Stranger Things and Liman's own infamous Hayden Christensen vehicle, Jumper.
Google's paid streaming strategy has been a bit of a mess. It recently rebranded the service from YouTube Red, potentially confusing would-be subscribers. Before, you could get Red and Google Play Music for $10, but now you'll pay $12 to get YouTube Premium and another new service, YouTube Music Premium.
Getting Liman, The Rock, Robert Downey Jr. and Dan Harmon onboard was a coup for Google, but it's a seller's market for good content, with Netflix, Hulu, HBO and many, many others in the mix. As such, the service will be hard-pressed to get a slate of content even touching what Netflix has. The Assistant trick is a nice way for Google to do some cross-marketing, but for YouTube Premium to have any kind of chance, the few shows it has will need to be exceptionally good.
When The Italian Teacher reaches bookshops on March 20, Tom Rachman will have three published novels to their name. From the first, The Imperfectionists—a massive international success eight years ago, translated into 25 languages—through their follow-up, The Rise and Fall of Great Powers (2014), to their newest novel, about an artist trying to find themselves in the shadow of their painter father, Rachman has already crafted a distinctive thematic style. Their three novels are completely separate in story and setting, but equally stuffed with characters who move easily around the world trying to establish their lives, neither at home everywhere nor filled with contented feelings of rootedness anywhere, all finding themselves as hard to understand as they do the people around them. London-born, Vancouver-raised and educated at the University of Toronto, Rachman, 43, is living in London again, where they are likely to stay a while.
The Italian Teacher is a wonderful novel, even with enough highly irritating characters to lead me to ask if you're reacting to recent debates over publishing's demand for likable characters.
I was just looking at my bookshelves and thinking how much great literature is full of difficult but compelling characters. One of the thrills of fiction for a reader is exploring the experiences and thoughts of people totally unlike you. For me, one of the great joys of writing is projecting my imagination into another person. If we were only to dwell on adorable, lovely, kind people it would be totally unreflective of the world and not be that interesting. Besides, there are a lot of people we might love or admire but who, if looked at very, very closely—with the sort of analysis and atomizing and getting right into other people's thoughts that a novel allows—won't really come off well. Most people can be fascinating, and I want the literature I read to reflect that.
You manage that very nicely here. Although the painter Bear Bavinsky is a despicable human being, they have their appeal. It's their son Pinch, who a reader wants to like, who is more troubling in their screw-ups. One lovely line describes Pinch quietly “throttling a towel” after speaking to their father—throttling was exactly the urge they frequently impelled in me.
That's so funny. It's really interesting to hear other people's perceptions of my books. People will say some character was endearing, so-and-so I despise, so-and-so irritated me or drove me mad. And in most cases I find myself startled. When you're writing you become so intimate with these people that you evaluate them as if they're very close family members. You don't think family is nice or horrible in the way that you might with someone encountered in a shop or at work because you know them too well to have a uni-faceted view. So I'm taken aback to hear you describe Pinch that way because I think of them in a different way.
It's a thematically dense novel that's also very funny. That seems to be an important mix for you.
I suppose my taste has always been at that border between terribly sad and amusing and funny, and not in a cruel way, I hope. But the funniest novels are the saddest novels or the saddest novels are the funniest ones sometimes. The films and literature I've loved best have often found humour in deeply upsetting situations. One that comes to mind is A Handful of Dust by Evelyn Waugh. The ending of it is absolutely extraordinarily poignant and painful and terrifying, but there's wit from the first word. For me, all humour has that root to it—the fact that things end despite all our best efforts, that we are more likely to fail than to achieve, and yet amid that there's amazing bliss to be had, including laughing at the preposterousness of it all.
How autobiographical is Pinch's time at U of T?
My own time there were a couple of decades later, but the settings are ones I'm familiar with. It's like the Rome of The Imperfectionists—I wasn't there at the time of the novel but I have lived in Rome and used places that I felt confident about describing. Same with Toronto. The one thing very much rooted in my own life is that for Pinch's university experience I really summoned my feeling of what it was like to attend U of T—that thrilling connection with characters I would never have met anywhere else, the way that opens up your life and changes you forever. I was trying to capture that, not to mention working in tiny little bits of Brideshead Revisited stuff, too.
And Pinch's mother is Canadian. Does this affect them as a character in any way?
One of the things that my characters have in common is a sort of national confusion, one that certainly reflects my own. Rise and Fall is very much about the idea of not being sure where you're supposed to be. Many of my characters end up in a different part of the world and then find that they don't really know where they fit. Natalie's Canadianness is the start of the person that she's going to be.
Does Bear have a real-life genesis?
He's not modelled after any particular person but he's certainly inspired by a lot of artists I researched. I was interested in why so many great artists are appalling human beings. I had personal reasons, too, for wondering if it was necessary, should I want to proceed in the arts, to be extraordinarily egotistical and put my work before absolutely everybody around me. There's no denying, if you start looking at the history of the arts—not just visual arts but certainly literature as well—a large proportion of those who have thrived have also been absolutely ghastly.
I was going to ask you about literary parallels, so please continue.
I was interested because this was at a point in my life when I was thinking about whether to start a family. During my 20s and 30s I had lived a professionally ambitious life trying desperately to figure out a way I could write, something I longed to do, and explore all sorts of experiences and do all the things that young people do in a quite self-directed and ultimately selfish way. But I thought I was getting to an age where either I am going to have kids or I'm not. In its way this book is a personal exploration of my own fears of what would happen if I were just really awful, just continued on in a way that could really hurt another human being. So it was my fear that I was writing in this book, given what I found through the research about how many lives have been blighted by the behaviour of the supposedly great artists. The other question, which is also there all the way through, is what makes an artist great? By what merit or fluke or social skills does one artist become a great Bear Bavinsky and another artist of equal quality is a Natalie. Or a Pinch. And, yes, there are an awful lot of parallels in the literary world.
You write a lot of journalism, mostly on art or politics. Do you like writing non-fiction as much as fiction?
I love it. Yeah, I love it. My dream was always to try to make a career out of writing, period. I don't believe the distinctions that creative writing programs and the like have inculcated necessarily apply. Many of my writer heroes did both. But that's what I always strived to do. I also strongly believe that each side enriches the other in invaluable ways. There's a terrible danger for fiction writers of ending up writing the same book over and over again because their entire production is based on their lives before the age of 30. If you're not renewing your experience, you risk becoming repetitive. That's the practical reason, but actually I just love going out and around. I'm just back from a reporting trip to Rwanda. It was amazing and I feel like a different person than I was when I left. That's what non-fiction writing can offer.
To return to Pinch's “national confusion,” he's a bit Canadian and a bit Italian, but he's mostly an “anywhere,” as in that anywhere/somewhere dichotomy popularized by David Goodhart. The former are educated urbanites who move about the world as easily as Tom Rachman characters; the latter are less cosmopolitan and more rooted in specific places. And you are so anywhere yourself.
Is it that obvious?
Uh-huh. Do you buy into that dichotomy or do you have some doubts about it? It seems to explain a lot.
I think it does. Like any of these things, it's a simplification. When people talk about Brexit or Trump they always say it's between X and Y—conservative and liberal, or North and South, or educated and uneducated, or old and young. What's clever about this anywhere/somewhere one is it actually captures many of those different traits in one. It's particularly useful for explaining to anywheres like me how the majority could opt for something so self-harming and foolish as Brexit. As somebody who loves working in journalism as well as writing fiction, I am fascinated and sometimes appalled by the world I live in and very interested in the ways individuals link, or not, to huge events, why people make the decisions they do. A lot of my characters have this question of whether you are necessarily a product of your times or if you can make your own world despite the times you're in. I think that question will continue to be in whatever I write.
You sound like you've always had trouble with this belonging thing. Are you more settled in London now? Is it more like home?
Not necessarily, though I do have a two-year-old boy now.
Ah, that's how that decision turned out?
Exactly. That's how that went, and I'm getting great joy out of fatherhood and helping raise and discover this person. It's been wonderful, and also a step that makes being rootless more practically complicated. But I don't have the dread I was exploring in The Italian Teacher, the fear of getting it wrong with parenthood. Not that I'll necessarily get it right, but I know I'm really going to try because I really care about it. So I feel an obligation to not live like a roaming correspondent dragging a child along to whatever school. Might make for a nice book, maybe, but not a nice life. I think that circumstances will put me here for a while.
MORE ABOUT BOOKS:
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). A woman, center, who would only be identified as the godmother of shooting victim DeEbony Groves, cries as they listen at a news conference regarding the capture of Travis Reinking Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. R...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Lt. Carlos Lara, of the Metro Nashville Police Department Specialized Investigations Division, front left, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Rein...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Metropolitan Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Reinking, who police say shot and killed at least four peopl...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Don Aaron, public affairs manager for the Metro Nashville Police Department, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the search for a gunman who opened fire Sunday at a Waffle House r...
(Metro Nashville Police Department via AP). In this photo released by the Metro Nashville Police Department, Travis Reinking sits in a police car after being arrested in Nashville, Tenn., on Monday, April 23, 2018. Police said Reinking opened fire at a...
By SHEILA BURKE and JONATHAN MATTISE
Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from a gunman at a Nashville restaurant told Tennessee lawmakers Tuesday they faced "the true test of a man," drawing a standing ovation during their brief address.
As the House hailed them as a hero, James Shaw Jr. said they acted to save their own life early Sunday at a Waffle House, and saved others in the process.
"I never thought I'd be in a room with all the eyes on me, but you know, I'm very grateful to be here," Shaw told House members. The 29-year-old said they have since gone to see some of the shooting victims in the hospital and they all remembered him. They apologized to the people whose loved ones died in the attack.
The Senate also honored Shaw on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, the co-owner of a Colorado crane company where Reinking once worked says they urged federal officials to keep Reinking in custody after they were arrested at the White House last July.
Darlene Sustrich said: "We told them, 'Hang onto them if you can. Help them if you can.'"
Federal officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall said Tuesday the 29-year-old suspect, Travis Reinking, has been "compliant" and "cooperative" since they were transferred to the jail late Monday after they were captured near the apartment where they lived. Reinking is wearing a vest known informally as a "suicide smock" and will remain under close observation at a maximum-security facility in Nashville.
Also on Tuesday, a Nashville judge revoked the bond shooting suspect's bond.
Court records show that a judge struck Reinking's $2 million bond until a hearing can be held in May.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
Reinking, 29, is charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say they opened fire outside the Waffle House with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were wounded in the shooting.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant and shed their only item of clothing. By the time they were captured in the woods nearby, police had searched their apartment, and found the key fob to a stolen BMW they had recovered in the parking lot days earlier. The BMW theft had not initially been tied to Reinking.
Police seized multiple items from their apartment including: a Remington rifle with a magazine, cartridges for different calibers of guns, two rifle scopes and gun cleaning equipment. Police also found three books on patents in the apartment, along with a sketchbook, two iPhones and a number of pieces of computer equipment, court records show.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters Reinking was arrested Monday after detectives were tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers. They carried a black backpack with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
Darlene Sustrich, Reinking's former boss, described them as appearing paranoid and delusional at times. A former co-worker told a Salida, Colorado, police detective Reinking was infatuated with Taylor Swift and claimed to be a sovereign citizen.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after they entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying they wanted to meet President Donald Trump.
The suspect told Washington, D.C., police they were a sovereign citizen and had a right to inspect the grounds, according to an incident report.
Reinking was not armed at the time, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked their state firearms card. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the shootings, were transferred to their father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law.
Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged they would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesperson, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to their son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that their father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Kathleen Foody in Denver, Colorado; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The crisis in Syria has displaced around 1.4 million children and teenagers from their homes. An estimated 900,000 of them are not in school.
Historically, in conflict zones, education has taken a backseat to immediate needs like food, shelter and medical care. But more recently, there has been a movement in the international aid community to provide better "education in emergencies."
Many private companies and nonprofits are stepping up to do just this — but their efforts are not always well balanced or well coordinated, a new report claims.
Would-be students have many immediate needs. They have universally experienced some form of trauma. There is a lack of schools, teachers, books, uniforms and food. Yet, according to this study, nearly half of the donors have chosen to supply educational technology, far more than are building schools, providing basic books and materials or employing teachers.
"Many of these companies are based in Silicon Valley, and they do not have a very clear picture of the context they are delivering to," says Zeena Zakharia at the University of Massachusetts Boston, the coauthor of the report.
Zakharia has been researching education in Middle East conflict zones for over a decade, and they noted the growing role taken by the private sector, both philanthropies and corporations. "I was like, isn't this interesting!" they tell NPR Ed. At the same time, their colleague Francine Menashy, whose research focuses on the privatization of education, had noticed the same phenomenon.
The two collaborated on research, interviewing more than two dozen people dealing with the education of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan. Education International, a global federation of teachers' unions, released the report.
Zakharia and Menashy catalogued a recent, and overwhelming surge of interest among donors in supporting education for refugee children.
This survey doesn't capture every form of aid available to Syrian refugees, who are assisted by international governments and nonprofits like the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders. The authors were trying to get a sense of what the private sector was up to. They counted 46 businesses, such as Accenture, Bridge International Academies, Goldman Sachs, Hewlett Packard, IBM, McKinsey & Co, Microsoft and Pearson Education, with money or projects in the area. In addition they counted 15 philanthropies, such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, IKEA Foundation, Open Society Foundation, and Vitol Foundation. (The Gates Foundation and Open Society Foundation also fund NPR).
These private organizations often back more than one type of educational activity, but there are clear trends. The authors found that 1 percent of organizations focused resources on social and emotional skills; 5 percent on extracurriculars such as sports; while fully half were focused on providing education technology. To oversimplify a bit, for every donor funding a soccer ball there are 10 backing tablets, educational games, online courses or learning platforms.
They say one school leader in Lebanon told them they were approached "every week" with offers of technology.
"And I say, 'Oh great, come visit us, see how we operate. And they do not.' "
This is a problem, Zakharia says, because based on their interviews, ed-tech isn't necessarily what existing schools need or are asking for.
For example, in many settings with Syrian refugee children, there is electricity one hour a day at best, so keeping devices charged can be a problem. "If you don't have the resources to build latrines or to pay teachers, I mean ... investing in technology isn't well placed," another interviewee told the researchers.
In addition to the desire to help, many of the business donors Zakharia interviewed talked about the financial motivations behind their initiatives, such as improving their brand image, breaking into the lucrative, untapped Middle East market, and testing new innovations. The idea of dual motivation is nothing new for corporate philanthropy, of course. But, says Zakharia, there is always a risk when these business motives come into play.
"What happens when the initiative is not seen as profitable? Education is a very long-term commitment."
Banksy has struck again.The world-famous British graffiti artist's latest pieces just appeared in New York for the first time since 2013.The mysterious Banksy posted on their Instagram page Thursday showing their signature rat, this one running in a clock, tagged on a bank building on 14th Street and Sixth Avenue in Manhattan.That building is set to be demolished.Banksy's other piece appeared at the intersection of Houston Street and the Bowery this week.The mural protests the imprisonment of a Turkish artist and journalist, Zehra Dogan. Dogan, an ethnic Kurd, was jailed after painting the Turkish flag flying over the rubble of a destroyed town, according to the Associated Press.The 70-foot-long mural consists of black tally marks representing Dogan's days in a Turkish prison.
A version of "The Nutcracker" set in Ohio's past is touring the region this holiday season.
Neos Dance Theatre production of "A 1940s Nutcracker" uses onstage animation and classic imagery to bring the story to life.
This version of Tchaikovsky's classic ballet is set in Lorain during World War II. Instead of traditional sets, it uses a backdrop of hand-drawn animation and classic period photography projected onto screens behind the action.
“It looks like you are walking down the street seeing some of the things our parents, our grandparents would recall back in that time. So it's a little bit of a history lesson," Executive Director Bobby Wesner said.
The ballet features locations throughout Lorain such as the Palace Theater and Lorain Harbor Lighthouse.
A 1940s Nutcracker is at the Stocker Arts Center in Elyria this Friday and Saturday.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Golden Knights coach Gerard Gallant for months has talked about their team's hard work, their ability to battle and devotion to playing a full "200 feet of hockey."
In pockets of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night, the Golden Knights were surprisingly outworked, outbattled and outhustled in losing 3-2 to the Washington Capitals. Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington and Vegas is going to need to up the energy level even further in a frantic series with scoring chances galore.
Vegas outshot the Capitals in Game 2, 39-26, but the hustle stats went to Washington, which handed the expansion club just its second home loss of the postseason. Washington had 18 blocked shots to eight for Vegas, helping goaltender Braden Holtby turn things around. They allowed five goals in the opener but was sublime in Game 2 as they made 37 saves — none bigger than stopping Alex Tuck with the paddle of their stick in a sprawling move with just 1:59 left.
And while Washington outhit the Golden Knights, 46-39, it was some of Vegas' bigger hits that ignited the Capitals in the second period.
Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb flattened Washington's first-line forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, sending them to the dressing room with a little more than five minutes left in the first period. They didn't return.
With Kuznetsov out, Washington coach Barry Trotz added Nicklas Backstrom to their top line with Alex Ovechkin and Tom Wilson. And 5:38 into the second period, with the game tied at 1-all and the Capitals on a power play, Ovechkin scored their first career Stanley Cup Final goal to give the Capitals a 2-1 lead.
From there, Vegas unraveled and gave up more uncharacteristic chances in front of Marc-Andre Fleury, who has yet to lose consecutive games this postseason.
A little less than four minutes after Ovechkin scored, Brooks Orpik broke a 220-game goal drought with the eventual game winner. It was their first goal since Feb. 26, 2016.
Though the Golden Knights outshot Washington 15-6 in the third period, the Capitals skated faster, competed better, worked harder and played smarter to steal home-ice advantage with their first-ever Final win.
The Capitals return to Capital One Arena, where they have just a 4-5 record in the postseason.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
BURLINGTON, Iowa (AP) — Authorities say two eastern Iowa correctional officers were sent to the hospital with injuries after they were attacked by inmates at the Des Moines County Correctional Center.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Preston North End are closing in on a deal for Norwich City goalkeeper Declan Rudd.
Rudd is no stranger to Deepdale, having made 69 appearances for North End in two loan spells in 2013 and 2014.
Declan Rudd with PNE goalkeeper coach Alan Kelly
It has been reported that a £1m fee has been agreed between PNE and the Canaries, however the figure is believed to be much less.
A new keeper was always on Preston's shopping list this summer after Anders Lindegaard was released, with competition needed for Chris Maxwell who was first-choice from the end of September onwards last season.
Norfolk-born Rudd has been with Norwich since they were at school but has had limited first-team opportunities there.
They joined North End on loan in January 2013, playing 14 games that season.
Rudd then spent the whole of the 2013/14 campaign on loan, starting 55 league and cup games.
Last season the 26-year-old was on loan at Charlton Athletic.
A guide revealing Buxton's most unusual bike rides suggested by the cyclists who discovered them is being compiled.
The #MyFavBikeRide Guide will celebrate the best ‘off the beaten track' places to cycle in England and Scotland with the aim of trying to encourage those who rarely use a bike to get back on two wheels this summer.
Cyclists are being called on to reveal their own favourite routes that people wouldn't necessarily find on cycle maps such as coffee shops or best views. The guide will be produced to mark bike hire company Bike & Go's fourth birthday.
While America's drones conduct aerial warfare overseas, Amazon is planning to rain down a very different kind of munition on American consumers. Plans for Amazon's Prime Air drone delivery service have been in the wild for years now, but a new patent filing sheds light on one way Amazon could get your deliveries physically onto your doorstep.
Don't Miss: T-Mobile just fixed the worst problem with its unlimited plans
The patent filing shows Amazon's drones dropping packages from the air into a yard, rather than landing and placing the package. The idea is that drones in the air don't pose much of a risk to consumers, but a drone trying to land might slice up your flowers, or the family dog.
Yes, dropping packages from the sky does present other problems, like your weekly delivery of dish soap crushing a small toddler. So to try and solve that issue, Amazon's patent filing has the drone tracking the package after dropping, and using parachutes and air thrusters to gently but firmly guide the package to the desired dropoff spot. Basically, it's like the supply drops in old Call of Duty games, but full of pens rather than a UAV.
As with every patent filing, there's no guarantee whatsoever that this idea will become reality, but it does provide some insight into the ever-fertile minds of Jeff Bezos's drone delivery team.
Prime Air is Amazon's well-branded but not-yet-existent drone delivery service. It relies on autonomous drones flying your packages the last few miles from a warehouse to your house. Laws in the US (not to mention your shotgun-toting neighbor) don't make it possible at the moment, but a very limited trial is already running in the UK.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
Twitter
Quick: Who wins in a race between a tortoise and a hare?
You know the story, right? A cocky hare naps and lazes their way through a race with a slow-footed land mammal with a carapace. But the turtle ultimately upsets the hare and earns the accolades it rightly deserves.
The mismatch is a morality tale: slow and steady wins the race. And hubris is never a good idea. But what happens if the tortoise and hare actually get to race one another in a controlled area. Does the tortoise win? Or does the hare's speed prevail?
Football rankings: Connolly-less Dubs remain the benchmark 14 June 2017
Kerry's Gavin Crowley celebrates after their side's Allianz FL Division 1 final victory over Dublin at Croke Park.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Kerry's Gavin Crowley celebrates after their side's Allianz FL Division 1 final victory over Dublin at Croke Park.©INPHO/James Crombie.
It's the return of our football rankings as we rate all of the counties from 1 to 33.
1. DUBLIN
Things may not have gone exactly according to script for the All-Ireland champions since the final round of the National League, but Jim Gavin's men still remain the team to beat this summer hands down. A narrow loss to Kerry in the Division 1 final preceded a far from convincing opening 35 minutes against Carlow on June 3rd, before handing the Leinster minnows a 12-point trouncing in Portlaoise. Diarmuid Connolly's 12-week suspension from the latter game will see them ruled out until the All-Ireland semi-final should the Dubs get there, and even without their St Vincent's star it's still hard to picture the talent-laden holders being upset along the way.
2. KERRY
The Division 1 champions were given a genuine test by Clare in Ennis last Sunday but in the end their quality firmly shone through to advance towards a fifth Munster SFC final in-a-row. The Kingdom is now 1/7 favourites to dispatch Cork in the southern province decider on July 2nd, with home advantage to boot over their old rivals. Eamonn Fitzmaurice and their players will surely have designs on bigger things than a 79th Munster title and the general feeling once more is that a ‘big meet' between them and Dublin will likely decide where Sam Maguire rests in 2017.
3. TYRONE
Mickey Harte's men faced a potentially tricky assignment last month in travelling to Celtic Park to take on Derry for a second consecutive Ulster SFC quarter-final. The visitors delivered a convincing 0-22 to 0-11 win over their neighbours though and now face a crunch encounter against Donegal on Sunday. The Red Hands defeated Rory Gallagher's side in the northern province's final last year and the victors in Clones this weekend will be returning to same stage as favourites next month. It should be one hell of a battle.
4. DONEGAL
The loss of so many veterans at the end of last season left question marks over Donegal for 2017 but they delivered consistency throughout the National League, missing out on a final berth by a whisker. After that Rory Gallagher's side dismantled Antrim in the second-half of their Ulster SFC opener and plenty will fancy them to reverse the result from last year's provincial final when they meet Tyrone on Sunday. U21 stars Eoghan Ban Gallagher, Michael Carroll and Jamie Brennan have come of age quickly for the team and it could see the Tir Chonaill men in for another extended summer.
5. MONAGHAN
Similar to Donegal, only score difference denied Monaghan of a place in the Division 1 final against Dublin. Malachy O'Rourke's men impressed throughout the spring, recording wins over both Mayo and Kerry, and regained the services of fit again full-forward Jack McCarron in the process. Thus far the championship has gone according to plan for the Farney men, with Conor McManus' goal helping them past Cavan in another tight battle with their neighbours at the weekend. It's interesting to note that the previous two times they edged past Cavan in an Ulster SFC quarter-final an Anglo-Celt Cup success was waiting for them in July.
6. GALWAY
The Tribesmen have had a terrific season so far, capturing the Division 2 title in April before advancing past Mayo for a third Connacht SFC final place in four years. Kevin Walsh's side will be firm favourites to retain the JJ Nestor Cup next month, but, either way, it'll be interesting to see how they progress in this All-Ireland series after last year's disastrous quarter-final defeat to Tipperary. No doubt many neutrals will be hoping for another rematch with Mayo somewhere along the way.
7. MAYO
Last year's beaten All-Ireland finalists will need to keep their dream alive in the qualifiers this summer after losing out to Galway last Sunday. Stephen Rochford's men were in the same dilemma 12 months ago and came agonisingly close to doing it the hard way. Keith Higgins' first-half sending-off against the Tribesmen may well have cost their county a 47th JJ Nestor Cup and the character of this much talked about team will once again be tested in the backdoor, where no one will want to meet them.
8. KILDARE
Having fallen short in recent years, Kildare now look to be in a decent rhythm after achieving promotion from Division 2 and beginning the championship with a bang. The Lilywhites made up for a below par showing against Galway on league final day at Croke Park by hammering Laois with 14 points to spare in their Leinster SFC quarter-final. Cian O'Neill's team had 13 different scorers that day and are now gearing up for what should be a fascinating battle with Meath in Tullamore on Saturday.
9. CORK
The Rebels were far from impressive throughout the league and an off-colour performance against Waterford nearly saw them inflicted with a shock defeat which would have been the story of the championship thus far. Nonetheless, Peader Healy's men showed some character to come from behind to defeat Tipperary last Saturday and become the first side in the country to book their slot into a provincial final. 1/7 favourites Kerry is in the wait now and even if the men from Leeside can't produce a shock they still possess the talent to test any side in the qualifiers.
10. CAVAN
Cavan can count themselves unlucky not to have salvaged a draw against Monaghan last Sunday but their wait for a 40th Ulster SFC title continues nonetheless. The Breffni men's long-awaited return to Division 1 ended in relegation in the spring and the feeling was that the experience of top-flight league football could see them put it up to their neighbours in a championship opener, which they dually did. Had Ryan Connolly's last-gasp effort hit the net rather than the post then they'd be preparing for a rematch this weekend. Instead it's a tricky qualifier against either Westmeath or Offaly away from home.
11. MEATH
The Royals knocked on the door when it came to a return to Division 1 in the spring, falling short by a mere point, and put up an impressive 0-27 against Louth in their championship opener earlier this month. In their first year at the helm, Andy McEntee has added some steel to this Meath team which is being led up front by their in-form captain Graham Reilly. The St Colmcille's man struck 0-7 from play against the Wee County and they'll likely need another huge contribution from them on Saturday against Kildare in Tullamore.
12. ROSCOMMON
The Rossies are 70 minutes away from another Connacht SFC final despite not having played a competitive game in 12 weeks. Kevin McStay's side's only victory in Division 1 this season came in the final round against Cavan, after having already been relegated, and they enter the fray for the 2017 championship as 1/16 favourites against Leitrim at Dr Hyde Park, where a win for the hosts is obviously expected and a loss would be nothing less than disastrous.
13. TIPPERARY
The Division 3 champions are now lining themselves up for a qualifier run after losing out to Cork by the narrowest of margins last weekend. Manager Liam Kearns has claimed that the Premier men are “destroyed with injuries” at present, with talismanic attacker Michael Quinlivan (ankle) the latest to go down, but they still possess plenty of quality all over the pitch with Conor Sweeney the cream of the crop for them.
14. DOWN
The past 12 months have seen a huge turn around for Eamonn Burns and their players, having secured their Division 2 status and scored a huge first round championship win over Armagh. Next up is a mammoth task against Monaghan in the Ulster semi-finals and it's safe to say that the same margin won't exist between the sides as the one which did when they met in last year's competition.
15. LOUTH
Back-to-back promotions were an impressive feat for Colin Kelly's side in the spring but they've lost a couple of key players since that time and it showed in the closing 15 minutes of their defeat to Meath this month. The Wee County must now negotiate a tough qualifier at home to Longford on Saturday to keep their summer hopes alive and they should do so if inside forwards Ryan Burns and Eoin O'Connor are on form.
16. CLARE
Having lost to them twice heavily in last year's championship, Clare put up one hell of a battle against Kerry last Sunday with manager Colm Collins stating afterwards that they were “proud” of their players' performance. The Banner men's deadly front pairing of David Tubridy and Eoin Cleary, which combined for 1-9 against the Kingdom, could well see them mounting another qualifier run.
17. WESTMEATH
Westmeath cruised to the Division 4 league title back in early April but they got nothing easy against Offaly in Tullamore last Sunday. John Heslin's late free secured a home replay for the Lake County and should they get the win in Mullingar a Leinster semi-final against Dublin – a side which conquered them in the last two eastern provincial finals – awaits them.
18. ARMAGH
The frustration for Kieran McGeeney and their players continues after being dumped out of the Ulster championship by rivals Down this month. The Orchard County were cruelly denied a return to Division 2 by Tipperary thanks to a last-gasp Michael Quinlivan goal in the final round of the league and they now face another battle against Ulster opposition in the form of Fermanagh to try and extend their campaign.
19. SLIGO
The Yeats County weren't all that far off promotion from Division 3 in the spring and pushed Mayo for long stages in their championship opener in Castlebar. The form would suggest that Niall Carew's men have enough to dispatch Antrim in the qualifiers but they'll need the likes of Adrian Marren and long-time servant Mark Breheny to be on song for them.
20. DERRY
Ace attacker James Kielt will be back for the Oak Leafers this weekend, after missing the defeat to Tyrone, when they head for Dungarvan where they should have enough to oust Waterford. However, all things considered, 2017 has been a season to forget thus far for Damian Barton and their players having suffered relegation from Division 2 after reaching the last 12 of the All-Ireland series last year.
21. FERMANAGH
Relegation from Division 2 and a nine-point defeat to Monaghan isn't how Fermanagh boss Pete McGrath will have envisioned 2017 going thus far, but their charges have the potential to turn things around against Armagh on Sunday week.
22. LAOIS
The O'Moore men may have discovered their goal touch against Longford last month but they were ripped apart by Kildare in the Leinster SFC quarter-finals. The 14-point loss marked Peter Creedon's sixth defeat in nine competitive games as Laois manager, having already unexpectedly suffered relegation from Division 3 two months ago.
23. OFFALY
Pat Flanagan felt that nerves cost their side the win against Westmeath last Sunday but it's safe to say that the second-half sending offs for Michael Brazil and Ruairi Allen certainly didn't help their cause in Tullamore. Saturday sees the Faithful men heading for Mullingar looking to go one better against the hosts in what should be another tight affair.
24. CARLOW
Carlow backed up a deserved victory over Wexford with a spirited showing against Dublin earlier this month, earning Turlough O'Brien's men many plaudits across the country in the meantime. Next Sunday week sees the Barrowsiders head for London, where midfield star Brendan Murphy will be free to play after having one of their two yellow cards against the Dubs rescinded.
25. LONGFORD
The Midlanders' defence fell apart last month against Laois, conceding four goals in six minutes either side of half-time, and they'll no doubt be looking to redeem themselves against Louth in the qualifiers this weekend.
26. WEXFORD
Seamus McEnaney's championship bow as Wexford manager was a disastrous one which saw the Slayneysiders inflicted with a shock defeat against Carlow. The Model men will need a win in Limerick on Saturday week to get things back on track.
27. ANTRIM
The Saffrons were crushed by Donegal in the preliminary round of the Ulster championship and head for Markievicz Park as 9/4 underdogs on Saturday in a bid to end Sligo's season.
28. LEITRIM
Brendan Guckian's men required two goals from substitute Ronan Kennedy to get over the line against London in the Connacht SFC quarter-finals and they travel to Roscommon on Sunday as 8/1 outsiders.
29. WATERFORD
The Deise County very nearly landed the shock of the championship thus far against Cork last month and will have home advantage on Saturday against Derry in Dungarvan.
30. LIMERICK
The Shannonsiders took the battle to Clare in Ennis at the end of May and could potentially make it a short summer for Seamus McEnaney's Wexford when the latter visit the Gaelic Grounds on June 24th.
31. WICKLOW
Wicklow only managed one win in seven games in the league but they put it up to Division 3 promotion winners Louth last month and with Seanie Furlong in form for them they should do the same when Laois come to Aughrim.
32. LONDON
Battled it out with Leitrim in the Connacht SFC quarter-final only to go down by a single score and should give Carlow a test when the Barrowsiders to come Ruislip.
33. NEW YORK
The Exiles gave Sligo nothing easy in the Bronx in May's championship opener. However, in the end, it as the Yeats men's fitness that shone through in a 1-21 to 1-13 win.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The federal government has unveiled new safety standards for baby sling carriers after 17 deaths and 67 injuries were reported from January 2003 to September 2016.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced any carriers manufactured after Jan. 30 must include statements about suffocation hazards, language about the hazards of children falling out of slings, and a reminder to check hardware to ensure no parts are broken.
The warning labels must come with instructions and illustrated diagrams showing the proper position for a child in a sling.
The mandatory federal standard also requires sling carriers to:
• Be able to carry up to three times the manufacturer's maximum recommended weight,
• Be more durable to avoid seam separations, fabric tears, breakage, etc., and
• Be able to keep the child being carried from falling out of the sling during normal use.
Parents and caregivers reported 159 incidents to the Consumer Product Safety Commission between 2003 and 2016, including 17 deaths and 67 injuries related to falls and suffocation.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired.
MOUNTAIN PARK — Dr. Gary Tilley is the county's choice to replace Buck Golding on the Surry County Board of Commissioners.
Golding retired last month with nine months left before the November elections. Tilley will serve in their stead through the end of the year — although the spring primary will decide the ultimate winner on May 8.
The board held its regularly scheduled meeting in the media center of Mountain Park Elementary, one of three schools getting a facelift next year, thanks to a bond issuance passed by the county last month.
Those in attendance had a two-hour wait to hear the commissioners' vote as the board took care of some other items on the list, including a lengthy report from the Department of Social Services and a discussion of the Barter Theatre project starting this summer in Mount Airy.
Four men have filed for the Central District race. Since all four are Republicans, the May 8 primary is the deciding vote.
Dr. Tilley, Tony Tilley, Tony Childs and Mark Marion were all invited to attend the board meeting so that the commissioners and the general public could become familiar with the men.
Mark Jones, chairperson of the Surry County Republican Party, said that in 42 counties the outgoing commissioner's party would have the right to name the suitor. In the other 58 counties (like Surry), state statute requires the party to make a recommendation to the commissioners who select the successor.
Jones told the board that the GOP executive committee met Thursday evening to interview the four candidates.
“All candidates were given an opportunity to tell us about themselves and answer questions from members of the executive committee,” said Jones.
“After several hours of candidate interviews and committee deliberations, the executive committee voted to recommend Mr. Mark Marion be appointed as the temporary replacement to the Surry County Board of Commissioners.
“We voted by secret ballot, and Mr. Marion received 54 percent (13 of 24) of the votes in the four-way race. Mr. Tony Tilley received eight votes, Mr. Tony Childs received two votes, and Mr. Gary Tilley received one vote.”
Jones said Marion is a member of the GOP committee, but as a matter of propriety, they chose not to stay in the room when the other candidates were questioned.
“Furthermore, they abstained from voting and was not present when we voted,” noted Jones.
The commissioners gave the candidates a couple of minutes to introduce themselves to the audience. Chairman Eddie Harris noted that Tony Tilley was unable to attend due to out-of-town training, but did send a letter about himself.
County Manager Chris Knopf read Tony Tilley's letter for the board.
Tony Tilley said they grew up on a farm, and their wife is a teacher. They have spent the past 11 years working with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and serves as a volunteer firefighter for South Surry Fire Department, including the past two years as its chief. They said their father, Jay Tilley, served as an officer of the law for decades with the Sheriff's Office and the Pilot Mountain Police Department.
Mark Marion said they were born and raised in Surry County.  They are retired after 31 years at R.J. Reynolds, including holding some positions in management. They said they have been a member of the Mount Airy Elks Lodge for 18 years and has been an advocate for both veterans and children.
Tony Childs said they got their college degree in business and now serves as a certified financial planner. Among the accounts they currently services are the retirement plans for employees of Northern Hospital of Surry County and Mountain Valley Hospice.
Childs said they moved to Surry County in 1995, joined the county planning board in 2012 and in the past two years became a Guardian ad Litem.
Gary Tilley worked with Surry Community College for 29 years, including the role of executive vice president.  They are a past chairperson of the county Republican Party, past member of the planning board and currently is on the Board of Adjustments. They have been active in Boy Scouts and and other organizations. Now that they are retired they feel like they can devote plenty of time to the county's needs.
They said the three pillars of their campaign are growth, character and transparency.
All four men mentioned church in their introductions.
Before making any decisions, Harris asked the commissioners if they had any questions to ask. They started things off by saying that they and Buck had held some heated discussions on the idea of consolidating schools. They said Buck favored having just one district across the county rather than Elkin and Mount Airy having their own. Harris asked their opinion.
Gary Tilley said that was an easy answer for him. Government governs best that is close to the people. It's nice to have three separate entities.
Maron said they have been helping as a substitute teacher since retiring. They believe that smaller is better.
“I like the personal relationships we have,” they said.
Childs said they would be open to options that make sense. They believe in getting the most bang for the buck, but that they don't know enough about the three school districts to say which approach is best.
After a few more questions, the board was ready to make a vote.
“I trust that Mr. Marion's performance, by winning a majority vote in a four-way race, will be carefully considered by the Board of Commissioners as you make your temporary appointment,” Jones told the board.
“The appointment of this temporary replacement represents an opportunity to bring the Surry County Board of Commissioners and the Surry County Republican Party closer together. I hope we can begin to heal old wounds as we unite to form a better, stronger Republican Party in Surry County.”
Despite the recommendation, the commissioners went a different direction.
Commissioner Larry Johnson said joining the board two years ago really opened their eyes as to just how much time the job consumes. It isn't just a couple of meetings a month. There are committees to travel to, and work sessions to hold with county staff.
Believing the job to be time-consuming, Johnson could have been directing their thoughts on Childs, the only one of the three in attendance to not be retired.
Johnson then nominated Gary Tilley for the role. Harris seconded the motion, and the vote was unanimous.
Harris said this is a difficult process, and it wasn't a choice made lightly by any board member. They recalled having Dr. Tilley as a teacher for a business class at SCC years ago and has always found them to be a good and honorable man.
Tilley will be sworn in to the position at the next meeting on April 2 in Dobson.
Mark Jones, left, chairperson of the Surry County Republican Party, shakes hands with Dr. Gary Tilley, who was appointed to the county Board of Commissioners despite no endorsement from the GOP. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMGP0618.jpg Mark Jones, left, chairperson of the Surry County Republican Party, shakes hands with Dr. Gary Tilley, who was appointed to the county Board of Commissioners despite no endorsement from the GOP. Jeff Linville | The News Tilley https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMGP0617.jpg Tilley Jeff Linville | The News Mark Marion, left, the Surry County Republican Party nominee, shakes hands with other commissioner candidates, Bill Goins, center, and Gary Tilley (hidden from view). https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMGP0576.jpg Mark Marion, left, the Surry County Republican Party nominee, shakes hands with other commissioner candidates, Bill Goins, center, and Gary Tilley (hidden from view). Jeff Linville | The News
By Jeff Linville jlinville@mtairynews.com
Jeff is the news editor and can be reached at 415-4692.
Jeff is the news editor and can be reached at 415-4692.
Five-time Pro Bowl NFL running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a water cooler before Saturday's preseason contest between Oakland and Arizona, according to multiple reports.
Lynch is attempting a comeback into the NFL after retiring at the end of the 2015 season. Lynch has been one of the league's most decorated running backs in the last decade, earning a spot in the Pro Bowl five times, and winning a Super Bowl in 2014.
Lynch sat out during a contentious 2016 NFL season, which saw a number of players taking a knee during the National Anthem. But unlike those demonstrations, many consider what Lynch did on Saturday as not a protest.
According to NFL Network's Michael Robinson, Lynch has routinely sat down during the National Anthem. That sentiment was echoed by Oakland Raiders head coach Jack Del Rio after last night's exhibition game.
"On Marshawn, talked to Marshawn trying to make sure we're on the same page," Del Rio said, according to the NFL Network. "He said, 'This is something I've done for 11 years. It's not a form of anything other than me being myself.' I said, 'So you understand how I feel, I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem. But I'm going to respect you as a man, you do your thing. We'll do ours.' It's a non-issue for me."
Lynch said on an appearance on "Conan" in 2016 that they were supportive of protests led by then 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to sit during the National Anthem to bring light perceived injustices in the United States. Kaepernick, who has not signed with any teams since their contract ended last season with the 49ers, has said they would stand during the National Anthem in 2017, but as of now, is not on any team's roster.
Photo
Luis Lora, 49, is a master tissue technician at MTF Biologics in Edison, N.J., where they process human tissue that can be used to treat sick or injured patients.
What does it mean to work with tissue?
Tissue includes cartilage, bone, ligaments and skin, and is used in reconstructive surgery and wound healing, as examples. I work for the nonprofit tissue bank formerly known as the Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation. We're a consortium whose members are organ procurement and tissue recovery organizations and academic medical institutions such as Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. I process the tissue, preparing it for use by medical professionals.
Where do you get the tissue?
As with organ donation, a person may register to be a tissue donor such as when they get or renew their driver's license. Or, the person's family can choose to donate their tissue when they pass away. With a deceased organ donor, a number of people can receive organs, including the heart, lungs and liver. With deceased tissue donors, as many as 75 to 100 people can benefit from one donor's gift.
What's involved in the preparation?
It depends on what it's being used for. We might hear from a doctor helping a person who has been in a car accident and has a spine injury. The doctor may send images of the patient's spine and ideas of what might be done to help. In a case like that, we can shape donated bone or combine several pieces of bone to create a bone graft that will fit that particular patient. As another example, we shape skin grafts to fit a breast implant for a woman having breast reconstruction after a mastectomy. We clean the tissue and sometimes treat it with chemicals that remove the cells — a process called decellularization. We also have it tested to make sure it can't transmit any infection to the person who receives it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What is your background?
I was studying to be an architect in Colombia, where I grew up. When my family emigrated to the United States I continued my studies, but I had responsibilities that made it too difficult to finish, so I became a technician at an auto dealer. I thought I needed medical experience for this job, but I didn't. I received intensive training and had to learn about anatomy.
How did you get this job?
In 2002 I told a friend who worked here that I couldn't grow any more at my job, and they said there were openings at their company. I was reluctant about applying because I thought I'd be squeamish doing this type of work, and my family was against it. My mother and grandmother are very religious and thought the soul and body should stay together after death. After I saw how this work helps the living, I had a different view of life and death. I told them God doesn't need our body, God needs our soul.
The Isle of Wight Save Our NHS group are inviting anyone concerned about the future of health care on the Island to join them on a March organised for Saturday morning.
Assemble outside St Mary's Hospital in Newport before 10.30am, when the march will set off for St Thomas's Square for a rally.
The very informative documentary, Sell-Off: the Abolition of the NHS, will be screened twice (11.30am and 1pm) at the Unitarian Hall (opposite the Council offices). It's free to watch.
Health bosses approve major changes
The march follows news this week that health bosses approved major changes in the way health services are delivered on the Isle of Wight.
Some of the planned changes include around 11% of patients requiring more complex, urgent care being transferred for specialist care to the mainland. This includes neonatal (premature babies) requiring advanced support and children needing more than 24 hours inpatient care.
Consultation at end of year
The CCG say specific plans will be considered by NHS England, and will then be subject to a formal process of public consultation, likely to be towards the end of the year.
Find out more about the IOW Save our NHS group by visiting Facebook.
Image: rohinfrancis under CC BY 2.0
Location map
View the location of this story.
While merely filing a patent doesn't guarantee that the tech will ever see the light of day, Sony investing in a more immersive PSVR experience makes a lot of sense. Being able to physically walk around a virtual world does wonders for creating a feeling of presence and if it makes it to market, this new device could help PSVR stand toe-to-toe with the more technically accomplished Vive.
Interestingly, the patent states that the tracking device is wireless, suggesting it would connect to a PS4 through either Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. With the competition already announcing wireless peripherals of their own, it's no surprise that Sony may be following in their footsteps.The patent gives no indication, however, whether the tracker would be an add-on for the existing headset or incorporated as a part of a PSVR successor.
PSVR was released last October. Since then, Sony has kept quiet about the tech, omitting sales numbers from end of year press releases and failing to announce many new titles for the platform at its last conference. Yet with more bundles hitting the shelves and Sony's recently released PS4 Pro offering a noticeable bump in VR performance, these patents help suggest that the company's not done with VR just yet.
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that they will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
They said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but they did not directly talk about it either.
They said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. They assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
They said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. They said Trump sent them to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
They added that their nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Top Stories
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when they resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity they founded for their 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced their resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with their St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after their attorneys suggested they would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokesperson for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They didn't elaborate.
Martin says they expect a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says they think "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says they made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. They say there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if they were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to their status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said they reject their "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that they were resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
To the gasps, whoops and applause of stunned colleagues, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko walked into a news conference Wednesday, less than a day after police in the Ukrainian capital said they had been assassinated.
Authorities said their death had been staged to foil a plot on their life by Moscow's security services and one arrest was made. Russia denounced the faked killing as an outlandish attempt at defamation by its neighbor and foe.
Even Babchenko's wife was unaware of the deception, and the 41-year-old Kremlin critic who fled to Ukraine 15 months ago apologized to them "for the hell they had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak gave details of the sting operation or how they made their wife believe they were dead.
Kiev Police Chief Andriy Krishchenko had announced Babchenko's death Tuesday, saying the journalist's wife found them bleeding at their apartment building in Kiev but that they died en route to the hospital. Lawmaker Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the interior minister, said the assailant had waited on a staircase in the building and shot Babchenko in the back as they were going to buy bread.
Just hours before the shooting was reported, Babchenko wrote on Facebook that they considered the day a "second birthday" because it was the fourth anniversary of their missing a flight on a Ukrainian military helicopter that later was shot down in the conflict between Ukraine and Moscow-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country.
At the start of Wednesday's news conference, Gritsak announced the journalist's murder had been solved and called the day Babchenko's "third birthday."
Babchenko, clad in a black sweatshirt, walked into the room as other reporters gasped and exclaimed their surprise, then broke into applause.
"I'm still alive," an uneasy-looking Babchenko said with a straight face. Then they apologized for the deception.
"I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague," they added.
The news conference produced mixed emotions.
"I was shocked. But then a feeling of happiness rose up," said Serhii Nuzhnenko, a freelance journalist.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of their false death. They said Ukraine's law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
It also was unclear why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead.
Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, they added.
The suspected organizer of the alleged hit plot was detained Wednesday, Gritsak said, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing them out, and they showed a video of the arrest.
Killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services, Gritsak said. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said the Ukrainian government was "fanning anti-Russian hysteria. We're confident our foreign partners and the relevant international agencies will draw correct conclusions from the whole situation."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's actions to Britain accusing Moscow of being behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and their daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same — to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Ukraine also faced a backlash from international journalism figures.
"I deplore the decision to spread false information on the life of a journalist. It is the duty of the state to provide correct information to the public," said Deniz Yazici of the media freedom office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
Reporters Without Borders director Christophe Deloire tweeted their "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Some wondered if the ruse would ultimately backfire, harming Ukraine's credibility or undermining concern about violence against journalists.
"There's one nuance — if somebody's shot now, nobody will believe it," noted journalist Mustafa Nayyem, who became a parliament member, told The Associated Press.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. They spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatists in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin. Their flight from Russia came several months after they wrote in a Facebook post that they aren't sorry that members of a military band and state TV journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia's military base in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of their citizenship over the comment, and Russian state media called them a traitor.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station.
———
Vasilyeva reported from Moscow. Jim Heintz in Moscow, Ayse Wieting in Istanbul, Turkey, and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed.
A high school soccer coach who allegedly ran away with a 17-year-old girl is being extradited to Florida, an official told ABC News today.
Rian Rodriguez, 27, had been in custody in upstate Onondaga County, New York, on a Florida warrant for alleged custodial interference since 17-year-old Caitlyn Frisina was found safe in New York with them earlier this month. He's now been released from the Onondaga County Jail to be extradited to Florida, where they live, said Jon Seeber of the Onondaga County Sheriff's Office.
WYSR
Courtesy Columbia County Sheriffs Office
A spokesperson for the Columbia County Detention Facility in Florida confirmed to ABC News that Rodriguez is heading to the jail, but the spokesperson declined to say when they are expected to arrive due to security reasons.
Frisina was reported missing from their Florida home on Nov. 26, sparking a massive search. They and Rodriguez -- a family friend and assistant soccer coach at the teen's Florida high school -- were found in a car together in Syracuse six days later.
Courtesy Columbia County Sheriffs Office
Frisina has since been reunited with their parents.
WFOX
Chuck Keller, the Syracuse-based attorney representing Rodriguez in New York, told ABC News last week, “I can say that my client maintains their innocence of any charges and has consented to be extradited back to Florida as soon as possible so that they can clear up the matters there."
Mark Sammut reached an important ISMA Supermodified summit last year.
They zoomed into victory lane at Delaware Speedway, ending a two decade-and-change wait to celebrate at their home track.
“Probably the highlight of my supermodified career, big-time,” the veteran driver of the No. 78 Art Currie-sponsored open-wheel ride recalled. “We won a big race at Sandusky, Ohio, and we won in Oswego, (N.Y.,) in the past, but to win here at home in front of everybody, especially in an event called the Harvey Lennox Memorial — I considered Harv a great friend — you can't do much better than that, really.”
No chance Sammut has the patience to endure another 21 years before the next supers home win. They have two shots this season: Friday, and again Aug. 18, a pair of dates that rank as top draws for the local half-mile oval.
AT THE TRACK Delaware Speedway schedule Friday: ISMA Supermodifieds, plus Lucas Oil Canadian Vintage Modifieds and Ontario Pro Challenge Series. Tickets: Adults ($40); Seniors: $35, Students, $10, Kids 6-12, $3 and kids under 6 free (hearing protection strongly recommended) More info: www.delawarespeedway.com or www.ismasupers.com
“I hope I can win again,” they said. “That would be the plan. Delaware is real race-y. It has long straightaways and tight ends, so you have to get on the brakes around the end and the car has to hook up to the corners. Except for Sandusky, which is similar, that's not quite as critical on other tracks.”
This first 50-lap stop is the default season opener after threat of weather washed out a New Hampshire event, which has since been bumped back to June 23. The racers won't have much time to recover with a second show three hours down the road in Lancaster, N.Y., Saturday night.
“That's our schedule about half of the time, running twice the same weekend,” Sammut said. “Sometimes, it's at the same track and others are like this one. It can make for a long trip, especially when we're out on the east coast and you have a 10- to 12-hour drive to the first track, then another one the next day that is as far or further than Lancaster is from Delaware.
“It can make for a rough night, if you have trouble in the first race.”
On the flip side, you can get a roaring start in the points race if you show well early. There's some solid money on the line, too.
A new $7,000 point fund bonus established exclusively for the three Canadian races on tour (the supers are also at Jukasa, formerly Cayuga, in mid-July) has been named in honour of Lennox, the hall of famer who passed away four years ago. The individual prizes, which range from $3,000 to $700, will be awarded to the top five car owners based on points earned in Canada this year.
Sammut's downtown business — Murray's Automatic Transmission Centre — and London's Arctic Equipment Manufacturing teamed with Corr/Pak Merchandising and Patco Transportation to put up the dough.
ISMA also is handing out a $1,000 guarantee just to start both ends of this weekend's doubleheader. Car counts are crucial and Sammut knows how valuable it is to have a race or two in your own backyard when you're clicking 20,000-plus kilometres on the odometer each season.
“The supers used to run at Delaware years and years ago, so there's history,” they said. “They weren't running there when we got involved, but it's been a great race for both the track and for ISMA. We push for it and I'm sure the locals in it adds a bit of hype, but I'd have to think at least now, even if we weren't around, they would still be coming here.
“This is the fastest oval short track car you can find and normally, you'll see a lot more passing than you do with full-fendered cars. It makes for a good show.”
And if Sammut strings together enough quality ones, he'll be moving quickly up the next mountain on their list.
“Ideally, it would be to win the points title,” they said. “It's never easy. You've got at least 15 good cars who have the same idea as you.”
Their best finish was second overall in 2009. He's been third a few times, too.
Last year, they were in contention until they failed to finish the final three races.
“We ended up seventh,” Sammut said. “We had some engine troubles toward the end of the year. It makes it pretty tough because we were running top five for quite a while.
“This year, hopefully, we get to a good start and take it from there.”
Head straight for the top, but watch those tight Delaware turns.
rpyette@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RyanatLFPress
Transcript for Trump warns Iran against restarting nuke program
We will be talking about a lot of different subjects but the Iran deal will be one of them were yeah yeah. We're going to be talking about it Wilson and enough people know my views on the random it was a terrible deal should have never ever been made we could've made a good deal or reasonable deal. They rent it was a terrible deal we paid a 150 billion dollars we gave one point eight billion in cash. That's actual cash. Barrels of cash. It's in saying it's ridiculous it should have never been made. But we will be talked it about it. Brand new is an important issue we'll discuss about that. Bids we have to take it as a part of rather be here. Which has security in fuel or return and we have certain situation. We have a common militiaman then in Iraq. We have festivities he'd be preserved for all eyes and the ration. And what we want to do is to contain Iran and the presence of agents and decent viewing it's part of this book brought it. Wherever there's probably Yemen Syria no matter where you haven't. Iran is behind it and now unfortunately Russia is getting more and more involved. The book Iran seems to be behind everything where there's a problem. And you just have to take a look you look at what's happening you look at the fighters. A rent is just always there and we're not going to allow certain things to happen that are happening and the Iran deal is a disaster. We will find out he'll find out about that. Won't be so easy for them to restart this cannot get a B restarting anything they restarted take an epic problem bigger than they've ever had before. And you can market cap. They restart there nuclear program. They will have bigger problems than they have ever had before thank you very much everybody.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Marvel
Thanos — who, in Avengers: Infinity War, is played by Josh Brolin and is arguably the main character; the writers refer to them as the “protagonist” — was first introduced to the Marvel Cinematic Universe in a post-credits tease after 2012's first Avengers movie. (Half the theater I was in broke out in whispers of, “Who was that thing?”) Since then he's been teased and teased and teased as the bad guy of all bad guys and here we finally are, all of the build-up culminating in two hours and forty minutes of superhero euphoria (well, mostly) that comic book fans have been dreaming about for years. I mean this as a compliment, but Avengers: Infinity War just might be the dorkiest movie ever made.
You know how a lot of superhero movies get lauded for being “grounded more in reality” or even “it's less a superhero movie and more a movie about today”? Yeah, no one will ever say these things about Avengers: Infinity War. While watching, I was thinking about Peter Parker in last summer's Spider-Man: Homecoming, this nervous high school student attending a homecoming dance. Now, a year later, here they are on an alien planet fighting space monsters.
Also, I want to add: I love it. Because that's the way the comics were – Peter lived their life as a normal kid and the next thing they knew he's on an alien planet in Secret Wars fighting in an intergalactic royal rumble and taking home a new symbiote pet. And we didn't get to see Spider-Man trading barbs with people like Magneto every day, so it felt special. (Okay, we still don't get to see that pairing in movies.) And Avengers: Infinity War feels like a really special event. There are at least ten moments in this movie that made me want to just yell out, “yeah!,” at the screen. If you are a human being who likes comic books or comic book movies, it's almost impossible not to enjoy the spectacle of it all – even though you might leave the theater a little disappointed (we'll get to that).
If you've seen any of the past 18 Marvel Cinematic Universe films, you're probably at least a little familiar with the concept of Infinity Stones: six powerful gems that, when placed together on a fun-looking glove, give the user almost unlimited power. And the person who wants to be the user is the asupervisorstioned Thanos. Yet, even with 18 prior movies to kind of explain what these stones do, we still get a breakdown from Doctor Strange involving an illustrated magic-based PowerPoint presentation to bring some of the other heroes and the audience up to speed. And that's fine, but just know there's a lot of Infinity Stone talks in your future.
A family near Preston are trying to solve a porker of a mystery after two uninvited guests appeared in their back garden.
Staring back at Neil Cross and their wife were two little pigs, which had somehow made their way into the garden at Hutton.
Neil, 51, a photographer for Evening Post, has no idea where the little animals came from, but they are hoping they can be reunited with their rightful owners.
It is though that the two pigs are adults but because of their small size, Neil believes they might be micro pigs.
The family discovered them at around 5pm today.
Neil said: “It was around teatime and my wife suddenly started screaming excitedly.
“I rushed to the back of the house and saw these two little pink and black pigs.
“They were quite shy at first but after my wife and the children gave them some apples, they were much more friendly.
“There is a busy road near us so I imagine they have just walked down the road and somehow sneaked into our back garden
“They appear to be completely tame and well looked after, so someone somewhere will be missing them.”
Anyone who can help shed light on the mystery and return the pigs to their owners can leave a message post after this story.
Caissie Levy and Patti Murin (Photos: Walter McBride and Mike Pont WireImage/Getty Images)
If you were still dreaming of getting your big stage break playing one of the royal siblings in Disney's upcoming Frozen musical, let it go.
Disney Theatrical Productions confirmed Monday that casting is in place for the key roles. Caissie Levy is set to play Elsa, whose uncontrollable icy powers trap the kingdom of Arendelle in eternal winter, while Patti Murin will star as Anna, who undertakes an epic journey to find their troubled sister and reverse the magic.
Levy has appeared on Broadway in Wicked, Hair, Ghost the Musical and, most recently, in the 2014 revival of Les Miserables, playing Fantine. Murin made their Broadway debut in Xanadu in 2007 and starred in the title role in the 2011 musical Lysistrata Jones.
Also joining the principal cast is Jelani Alladin, making their Broadway debut as Kristoff, with Greg Hildreth as Olaf, John Riddle as Hans and Robert Creighton as Duke of Weselton. Additional casting is to be announced.
While the developing Frozen musical underwent a change of directors last September, when Michael Grandage came on board to replace the previously attached Alex Timbers, the show remains on track to premiere in a tryout engagement at the Buell Theater in the Denver Center for the Performing Arts, running Aug. 17 through Oct. 1.
Read more: Disney Replaces Director of Broadway-Bound 'Frozen' Musical
A Broadway bow is scheduled for spring 2018 at the St. James Theatre. The venue is undergoing major backstage renovations allowing it to accommodate the large-scale production's sets, which are being designed by Grandage's regular collaborator, Christopher Oram.
Joining the creative team is choreographer Rob Ashford, who won a Tony Award in 2002 for Thoroughly Modern Millie. Ashford is the third choreographer attached to the show, following Christopher Gattelli and Peter Darling. However, such changes are not uncommon in the development of a major theater project. Ashford and Grandage have collaborated frequently for more than a decade, including on the recent Broadway revival of Evita. Ashford also did the choreography for Disney's live-action Cinderella remake, directed by Kenneth Branagh.
The stage adaptation of Frozen features music and lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, expanded from their film score; and a book by Jennifer Lee, who wrote and co-directed the movie.
Inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen, the movie was released in 2013 and became the top-grossing animated feature of all time, with worldwide box office of close to $1.3 billion. The film spawned a smash hit in the Oscar-winning song, "Let It Go." It also won the 2014 Academy Award for best animated film.
The highly anticipated stage version will join two other Disney properties on Broadway - The Lion King, the New York grosses for which currently are at $1.35 billion after a phenomenal 20-year run; and relative newcomer Aladdin, which opened in 2014 and has grossed $241 million to date.
Serene Karplus, Nederland. What we eat and how we eat is extremely personal. Ask anyone who has worked in a restaurant, meal program, or health recovery facility. We each have different body chemistry, taste buds, and energy needs.
We can be quite defensive about out eating habits. A friend expressing concern about a coffee-and-donuts breakfast can make us angrier at the friend than at ourselves for our self-destructive intake. As we educate ourselves more, we recognize that food habits are complex, driven by not only psychological issues, but also by physical imbalances. We may feed a self-perpetuating malady, such as sweet cravings sent to the brain by an overgrowth of the fungal critters Candida albicans in our digestive tracts, who want the sugar and have figured out how to get their hosts to give it to them.
Recognizing that all food we consume is fuel for all the functions of the body and that all those parts rely on the ability of our brain to educate wise choices, we understand the need for good nutrition.
From brain synapses to growing fingernails, from organ chemistry to sorting real food from harmful garbage, our bodies rely on getting the natural chemicals they need to manufacture the chemicals that operate them. Some of the harmful “foods” we ingest can encourage bad organisms to grow and strain the body's organs that sort and eliminate toxins.
Good nutrition has been shown to be an effective way to address specific illnesses. Some individuals credit a plant-based organic diet as the way they cured their cancer. Healthy eating with specific chemical considerations has been proven effective at aiding the body to support our defenses against stressors or to rid ourselves of diseases. Nutrition can address issues such as diabetes, osteoporosis, nausea or digestive complications like celiac or irritable bowel syndrome, HIV, cancer, hypertension, allergies, organ disorders, obesity, hypoglycemia, menopausal symptoms, maintaining healthy pregnancy, heart diseases, cholesterol, and elevated blood sugar and pressure.
Nutritionists and Registered Dietitians (RDs) study what chemicals the body and brain require functioning well and help people find ways to consume more foods that heal and fuel us and less of the non-foods that are toxic and harm us. They listen to what our health concerns are and help us assess our current choices without criticism, just gentle education about different ways we can think about our food and new directions we can consider. As fellow working folks, Nutritionists and RD's understand the pressures of time constraints and lifestyle affecting our decisions and work with us to optimize what we can do to maximize the impact of the foods we may have little time to shop and prepare. The concept is to help us take control of our health instead of our issues controlling us.
Nutritional counseling aims to get to the root cause of health concerns, rather than just tackling the symptoms. Many of us can benefit from working with a nutritionist for a variety of reasons–managing medical conditions, reducing the impact of advancing years, increasing healthy sustainable energy and ability to exercise, wanting to fine-tune food choices or completely overhaul our diet. Known benefits of good nutrition include an increase in energy (less fatigue), better quality sleep, reduced symptoms of stress and disease, less drastic ranges of emotions/moods, an increased sense of happiness, a possible increase in longevity, a strengthened immune system (fewer colds/flu), lessened weight concerns, better skin, fewer digestive problems, lessened effects of arthritis, fewer migraines/headaches, decreased risk of disorders and diseases, and a better ability to concentrate.
*****
All adults are welcome at all Mountain MidLife and Nederland Area Seniors events, attended mostly by folks over age 50. Everyone is invited to all meals at the Nederland Community Center. Please call two days ahead for lunch reservations (a week ahead for dinners and breakfasts if possible) to 303-258-0799. Missed the deadline? Call anyway. Costs listed show first the over-age-60 requested anonymous contribution, then the under-age-60. Please note that all over age 60 are welcome regardless of ability to contribute financially.
Now Playing: 3-year-old dam evacuee gets birthday surprise at shelter
Now Playing: Nokia bringing back their popular cellphone from 2000
Now Playing: Dairy Queen manager charged with manslaughter in employee's suicide
Now Playing: Harrison Ford involved in passenger jet incident: sources
Now Playing: Trump associates' reported communications with Russia probed
Now Playing: Rumor the German Shepherd wins best in show at Westminster Kennel Club dog show
Now Playing: Meet US Curling's most improbable honorary captain: NFL star Vernon Davis
Now Playing: Meet the dogs competing for 'best in show'
Now Playing: FAA investigates Harrison Ford over piloting error
Now Playing: At least four confirmed tornadoes wreak havoc throughout the Gulf region
Now Playing: New storms bear down on California as crews rush to fix the spillways draining a swollen reservoir
Now Playing: 7-year-old boy shares their favorite foods to help needy families
Now Playing: Toddler killed in drive-by shooting on Chicago's West Side: Police
Now Playing: Oroville contemplates next steps after dam emergency
Now Playing: Teen receives new prosthetic legs with help from Boston Marathon bombing survivor
Now Playing: Cupid visits preemies and their parents in the NICU for Valentine's Day
Now Playing: This couple has been celebrating Valentine's Day for more than 70 years
Now Playing: Possible replacements for Michael Flynn
Now Playing: Kentucky choir sings beautiful rendition of national anthem
Getty Image
Kanye West has let go much of their management team, including Scooter Braun, TMZ reports. West's recent behavior has been described as “erratic” by those close to him, which can be seen on the daily just by taking a glimpse at their newly charged Twitter account.
Kanye asked for Scooter and their team to work for them full-time, however the well-established music manager, known for working with superstar clients such as Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, declined the opportunity, TMZ further explains. Braun can be credited as the man behind Ye's lucrative Adidas deal.
There's been some reported concerns about Kanye's recent return to Twitter. The Grammy Award-winning rap star began using Twitter as the source for a philosophical book they plan on releasing as well as future release dates for a new solo record, a collaborative album with Kid Cudi under the group name Kids See Ghost, Pusha T‘s album and Teyana Taylor's.
Kanye reportedly wants to take control over every aspect of their career, declaring among friends that “Yeezy is the new Apple” and they don't need “people with titles” to do things for him, The Blast reports. People around them fear another meltdown reminiscent of 2016 during their Life Of Pablo Tour set is near.
Hot 97's Ebro Darden spoke with West about their recent tweets and was hoping to address their support of conservative political pundit Candace Owens and President Donald Trump. Ebro discussed their conversation on their show and says West flat out told them that they “loves Donald Trump.”
Part 1: Ebro discussing the phone call they had with Kanye about the conservative tweets
"you talking about things you don't understand and you're playing with things people have died for and are still dying and crying out about." pic.twitter.com/izHsU5Npie — dj franzia (@hawillisdc) April 23, 2018
Earlier this month, rumors swirled around that Kris Jenner would become Ye and Travis Scott's new manager. Those whispers were quickly put to rest by Kylie Jenner, who denied the news. No word on if Kris will be the one to fill Braun's shoes.
West is reportedly still on good terms with Scooter and their business relationship is expected to continue.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine military says it has deployed a Japanese-donated patrol plane to a disputed shoal guarded by China in the South China Sea, and the aircraft did not encounter any Chinese resistance.
The military's Northern Luzon Command says the Beechcraft King Air C90 flew low at 800 feet (240 meters) around Scarborough Shoal on Wednesday during its first mission for the Philippine navy. It said it spotted nine Chinese vessels, including four Chinese coast guard ships, and four Philippine fishing boats.
The military says it "will utilize all available assets and resources to protect our national territory."
The plane is one of five refurbished C90 aircraft which were leased and later donated by Japan to the Philippines. The Asian nations are both locked in territorial disputes with China.
Kriti Kharbanda has predominantly starred in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada movies. They made their Bollywood debut with Raaz: Reboot starring opposite to Emraan Hashmi.  They are currently bracing for their latest release Yamla Pagla Deewana: Phir Se in which they play the love interest of Bobby Deol.
The 27-year-old actor is all set to sizzle audience with their dancing moves in Housefull 4
The fourth film in the hit Bollywood franchise Housefull is currently under production and is scheduled to hit the big screen on October 25, 2019. However, if not the film, one of the actores in the film have already created a buzz about the comedy film. Kriti Kharbanda uploaded a scintillating picture of them on social media in which they can be seen performing pole dance has sent the fans into a frenzy.
The 27-year-old stunning model-turned-actor took to their Instagram account and posted a still from their pole dancing practice which they were supposedly doing for a song in the upcoming film Housefull 4. However, according to the caption posted by Kriti Kharbanda, they have taken up pole dancing to stay fit.
Kharbanda has predominantly starred in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada movies. They made their Bollywood debut with Raaz: Reboot starring opposite to Emraan Hashmi.  They are currently bracing for their latest release Yamla Pagla Deewana: Phir Se in which they play the love interest of Bobby Deol.
The trend of pole dancing was started by Bollywood's original item girl Malaika Arora in 2002 film Kaante. It has been taken up by several actores since then but it was Deepika Padukone and Jacqueline Fernandez who recently brought the dance form to the fore with their heart-stopping performances.
Bollywood Life recently conducted a poll asking readers which Bollywood actor looked the hottest doing a pole dance and Deepika Padukone edged out Jacqueline by a thin margin for their performance on song Lovely in film Happy New Year.
Malaika Arora came at number three for their pole dance in Maahi Ve song from Kaante while Sunny Leone, Sonal Chauhan and Zareen Khan followed the next in the poll results.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
The Commerce Commission is re-launching its broadband monitoring programme with a new overseas supplier and is looking for 3000 New Zealand households to take part.
Following an open tender process last year, the Commission has appointed SamKnows, a London-based company to run the broadband monitoring programme.
In December, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission appointed the company to run its broadband monitoring scheme. SamKnows also works with regulators in the UK, US, European Commission, Singapore, Brazil and Canada. The Commerce Commission previously had a broadband monitoring contract with New Zealand company TrueNet.
Telecommunications Commissioner Stephen Gale says SamKnows was selected out of six applicants to run the programme, which costs $2.8 million over three years.
“SamKnows was a standout applicant. It is considered to be a world leader in internet service performance, currently assessing broadband performance for about half of the world's internet population,” Gale says.
The purpose of the monitoring programme is to provide an independent assessment of the performance of difference internet service providers, comparing their plans and technologies, in order to help consumers choose the best plan.
“Shining a light on actual broadband performance will also encourage telco providers to compete on performance and not just price,” Gale says.
The Commission is now recruiting for volunteers from around the country who are willing to accept a monitoring device.
“Volunteers will be provided with a Whitebox (similar to a modem) to plug in at home. The Whitebox will perform automated tests on a home's internet performance at different times of the day. It will not record any personal information or browsing history and does not interfere with your internet service. A small amount of your broadband data will be used to conduct testing. However, this is expected to have little to no impact on testing volunteers.”
As part of its role the Commission is required to monitor the competition, development, and performance of telecommunication markets. It notes that under the Telecommunications (New Regulatory Framework Amendment) Bill currently before Parliament “it will need to specifically monitor retail service quality and provide consumer-friendly information to help consumers make more informed purchasing decisions.”
The Commission has previously estimated that it will cost $12 million over the three years to fund it works on developing a new regulatory regime following the new Act being passed into law. It has also suggested the telco sector might stump up another $1 million to support consumer representative groups.
A father was gunned down right in front of their family. Police are calling them a victim of road rage. Police have very few leads, so the victim's family is making an emotional plea."He was a big old teddy bear," said Leilani Millard of their husband Wardell Taliaferro. They only have a few pictures of him. They were focused on growing their family. Their son Luke is just three months old."As for a husband, provider, family, brother, definitely it--he loved everybody," Millard said.On Sunday the couple, their baby and five-year-old were driving to a friend's house along Marina Boulevard near Verna Court when something happened between Taliaferro and another driver."As they were driving they were swerving out of each other's lanes," said Wardell's brother Joe Toro. "Exchanging words and when came to a stop, before you know it they pulled out a gun."The 45-year-old was shot in the head. Their wife jumped into the driver's seat and drove the car to a nearby Kaiser, but Wardell was already dead."I couldn't believe it," said friend Rose Thompson. "It's surreal."No one can believe it. Taliaferro's family is one that sees one another daily.While their mother kept them all connected, Taliaferro kept them smiling."He always made sure we always laughed," said their niece Carla Bonds. "He always made light of any situation."This situation, however; is one no one ever expected.
Live updates and chat from the 2017 Rose Bowl - USC football vs. Penn State. Your comments are welcome.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Joseph Clancy, director of the US Secret Service will officially step down from their position on March 4, 2017 (AFP Photo/MARK WILSON)
Washington (AFP) - US Secret Service chief Joseph Clancy will retire in early March, the elite agency tasked with protecting the US president said Tuesday.
A former head of US President Barack Obama's detail, Clancy returned from a previous retirement to steer the agency two years ago, amid outcry over several security lapses at the White House that tarnished the agency's image.
Clancy -- who is a prior to their first retirement had served the agency for nearly three decades -- will officially step down once more on March 4, and new US President Donald Trump will appoint their successor.
The Secret Service, made up of some 6,500 people, is also responsible for the security of former presidents and vice presidents, as well as foreign heads of state and government on official visits.
Since the 1968 assassination of Robert Kennedy, it has additionally protected presidential candidates.
The agency has suffered a string of embarrassing scandals, including a 2014 high-profile incident in which a mentally disturbed veteran scaled the fence and burst into the White House with a knife.
The former head of the agency, Julia Pierson, resigned in the wake of that scandal.
They had initially been appointed to clean up the service after a dozen agents were found to have hired prostitutes during a 2012 presidential trip to Colombia.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, they said, they were not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
They ordered a series of tests. Based on those, they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed, to which they agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” they said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
They added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, they said, several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit, but they declined.
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension, they said, that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before their kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000, they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action, they said, which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
My favorite offshoot of landscape photography is flower photography. It is a bit easier to pursue than landscape, since you needn't travel very far to get unique and beautiful images. All you have to do is step into your own garden or visit a public garden to find a world of beautiful flowers to photograph. But it takes skill – plus a little something extra – to be able to make really beautiful flower portraits. In this essay, I'd like to share some of my methods with those who are interested in photographing flowers.
Lenses
The lens you choose for flower photography has to capture good levels of detail, which is true for many options on the market. I have successfully shot flowers using a 50mm lens, but have also used focal lengths up to 300mm with success. Of course, the best lens is the one that you have. You can always make adaptations to get the results you want.
One lens I have tried in the past for flower photography is the Nikkor 50mm f/1.2 manual focus lens. To capture flowers with that tantalizing f/1.2 is almost impossible to resist. I first used it on my D300s and then tried it on my D800. My experience was, at f/1.2, it is an extremely difficult lens to use for flower photography. The depth of field is very shallow – almost as shallow as using a macro lens and focusing at extreme magnifications. Although I have gotten some lovely flower portraits from the 50mm f/1.2, with an ethereal misty feel to them, my conclusion was that the effort and frustration involved make it a poor choice for a general flower lens.
Depending on your goal, dedicated macro lenses certainly will work. I have used my 105mm macro to shoot flowers. You can get very close up and detailed photos of your flower's anthers, stamens and pollen with a macro. You can capture bugs on flowers with great detail, highlighting every hair on the bug and every notch on its legs. I sometimes jokingly refer to this level of detail as a flower colonoscopy. I don't consider my macro as my best choice of flower lens.
Now I come to the type of lens that I think works best for flowers. That is the zoom lens. I've worked with 16-85mm, 24-70mm, 24-120mm and 28-300mm. You can get very good results with any of these ranges of zoom. My favorite by far is my Nikkor 28-300, which happens to be my go-to lens that I use for practically everything. I like zooms because they give you a lot of freedom when making your composition. You can zoom out and capture more than the flower, or zoom in and capture only the flower, while standing in one place and seeing what looks best in the viewfinder.
Aperture
The intuitive choice for aperture is usually going to be a wide open aperture. People generally start off with the largest aperture that their lens has, and it yields great results, too. But one must be careful. Wide apertures have a rather narrow depth of field, and it is tricky to learn how much of your flower will be in focus at your largest setting. Sometimes you have a great composition, but only the front of your flower is in focus. You can compensate for this by backing up a bit and reshooting your picture. More of the flower will be within your depth of field, but often the picture will no longer be as detailed as you wanted it to be.
The next thing to try would be to close down your aperture by a stop or two. Remember my f/1.2 that I spoke of earlier? That aperture caused a lot of deletes, so I tried f/1.4 or f/1.8 and got better results. You still get plenty of detail and bokeh with these apertures, and you get much more of your flower in focus. Now, if your biggest aperture is something like f/3.5 or f/4, as it is on many zoom lenses, just use its widest aperture for the same results.
Some testing is required here. You need to find out how your lens handles, and how your images look at various settings. As with most things, one develops favorite apertures when shooting flowers. If you persevere in this genre, you will eventually develop an instinct for what will work with your chosen lens.
Shutter Speed
For great detail, you need fast shutter speeds. As most people know, this is where ISO comes in. If your lens is wide open, but you still can't get a fast enough shutter speed, increase your ISO to give yourself some leeway.
In general for flower photography, a shutter speed of 1/250 will give you the detail you want. A fast speed is always preferable, although there is no use in going to extreme values like 1/5000. Now, that is a bit of hyperbole. I think you'd seldom see one that high, but realistically if your shutter speed is 1/1000 for flower photography you can afford to go slower. A good range is 1/200-1/800. Any shutter speed in that range will give you good detail.
Of course, there are other considerations that will affect how you want to employ your shutter speed, too: your intended brightness for the picture, the potential for blowing out highlights, an ugly background that you don't particularly want to capture, and so on. All of these things help determine how you want to set your shutter speed. Ditto for aperture, by the way. You must juggle your settings to get the effect you want.
Handheld vs Tripod
I am a handheld person. This cuts me out of the discussion of when to use a tripod. You the reader must decide whether or not to use a tripod; I can offer no advice here. But I will say that tripods work very well for shooting flowers, especially with a macro lens or a big zoom lens that is hard to hold.
Composition
Composition is everything. Without good composition, your flower photos will be bad. Good composition is a learned skill. You want to frame your flower pleasantly. If your flower is on a bush, it is usually a good idea to avoid all the other branches that may get in your way. Sometimes, your only option is to clone them out in post processing.
If you have steady hands, you can hold extra branches aside with one hand while you take your picture with the other. But beware of your own shadow! You also want to avoid bright sunlight that peeks through spaces in your branches. These will invariably result in blown highlights, and more often than not ruin your entire photo. A small shift in perspective can often eliminate those bright areas so you don't have to deal with them at all, which is the best solution.
Sometimes, I will abandon perfect flowers without shooting them, just because of too much sun unavoidably peeking through small spaces in the branches. Those bright areas are picture killers. But if you are photographing flowers that are not on bushes, you won't run into these issues, since the lighting on your flower will be relatively even.
Another thing to think about is anything behind your flower. An ugly wall, fence, sidewalk or flower pot rim can ruin your beautiful flower photo. So can a busy background. Zooming in helps a lot in these situations. Sometimes, you just have to live with that ugly area of your photo.
The sky while you're taking pictures is another thing to think about. If the sky is too bright, it can ruin a picture. The same goes for too much sun, which can lead to poor colors and flowers that look too harsh. The opposite is also true – too much shadow can make your photos look dull, without enough contrast.
So, there are about two hours a day in which you can get great flower photos. Okay, I am kidding! But you do need to watch out for the sun when composing a flower picture. High noon is not the best time of day to photograph garden flowers, and neither is a day with too much cloud coverage.
Also, when shooting flowers you want to watch out for dead leaves, drooping petals, dirt on the flower, ants in the flower, black or brown spots, and other unsightly flaws. Many of these flaws can be removed in editing using a clone stamp, but it is always best not to include them in the first place. Learning to use a clone stamp so that the flower looks perfect is another whole area of study. If you don't do a good job of it, don't bother at all; ugly editing is as bad as taking bad pictures in the first place.
Artistry
There is another element to flower photography: artistry. It is that “little something more” that makes the difference between a snapshot of a flower and a portrait of a flower. You should remember that flowers are living things – things that the photographer can interact with and relate to. Without this interaction, you get a snapshot. With it, you capture the essence of the flower.
A more scientific word would be intent. I think that all good photographers interact with whatever they are photographing. That is shooting with intent. I know that this is a necessary element to flower photography. The way I word it to myself is that the flower has to let you in. Some days they just don't open themselves to you; that's when you get a snapshot. The next day, a flower will open itself to you, and your picture will take your breath away. Feeling is a big part of flower photography.
Final Thoughts
It takes time to become really good at flower photography. It can take years to develop the eye for good composition and technique. But the journey is fun! I hope these tips are helpful to anybody who wants to be successful at capturing the beauty of flowers.
Thank you to reader Elaine Lansdown for this guest post, submitted as part of the Photography Life guest post contest! To see more of their flower photography and other work, take a look at Elaine's website.
Dundee's emissions-slashing project gets EV boost
Image: James McDowall / Shutterstock
An energy firm is providing a rapid electric vehicle (EV) charging hub for Dundee City Council's ‘Go Ultra Low' project.
Alongside six rapid chargers and solar panel units, Connected Energy will also supply a 60kW E-Storage energy storage system, which can store and provide around 90kWh of power.
Due to be installed in the spring of this year, the equipment will manage peak loads, maximise the use of the onsite renewable energy and automatically take advantage of differences in electricity prices throughout the day.
Dundee City Council's City Development Committee Convener Lynne Short said: “This is an important project for the city and it will take us to the next level when it comes to our charging infrastructure.
“Within the 26 square miles of perfection that is Dundee we will have a charging network second to none and working with skilled and efficient suppliers is a key part of that.”
Crispi Guide GTX insulated size 11 Brand new, only worn in the house on hardwood floors. I paid right at $500 for these boots. Will sell for $425 shipped and insured lower 48.
I can end pictures if you want them, but they are new. I do not have the box as we used it for operation Christmas child shoe boxes.
New, size 11 wide
Roger
We should expect the angry mobs behind their keyboards and their desks at the state capitol to come out strongly against University of North Dakota president Mark Kennedy any moment now, ripping them to pieces for arrogance, aloofness and elitism.
Any moment now …
Pretty soon …
Stand by …
No? Not today?
OK.
This is surprising. Because when Kennedy decided they were going to hire an event coordinator in the midst of shrinking budgets and cutbacks at UND, it was the perfect storm of a high-falutin' academic (even though Kennedy isn't an academic as much as a former politician) acting all fancy and rich when the rest of the state is in belt-tightening mode.
This usually means pitchforks and torches time in humble North Dakota.
The Grand Forks Herald, to its everlasting credit, reported a story last week that the UND president's office was seeking to replace a retiring event coordinator and assistant to Kennedy's wife. The position would entail “picking up all the necessary supplies for events hosted by UND President Mark Kennedy and first lady Debbie Kennedy, managing invitations and RSVPs and ‘(serving)' as bartender for UND football and hockey suite events,” the Herald wrote.
A personal assistant of sorts, in other words.
To read the rest of this story, click here.
Getty Image
Waves of criticism crashed into President Trump after they refused to denounce Nazis and white supremacists over Charlottesville violence. They chose, instead, to blame “many sides” for deadly incidents that left three people dead. The White House madly tried to spin Trump's words into some message of inclusion while arguing that they meant to condemn these groups (even though they didn't). One person who isn't buying this dance of evasion is Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, the only black member of Trump's American Manufacturing Council, who has chosen to resign with a (very) public statement:
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal. As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
And almost as soon as the news broke, Trump — who is still refusing to specifically denounce the asupervisorstioned extremist groups — paused whatever presidential business was at hand to lash out at Frazier: “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
It is, of course, bad form to criticize the business practices of a member of one's manufacturing council, but Trump's gonna Trump. And he's gonna criticize a black CEO for resigning from a council but won't call out Nazis, which is a telling distinction.
Trump's scheduled to address the press today at 3:00pm EST today while signing a memorandum on Chinese IP laws, and one can anticipate that the subject of Charlottesville will arise. Over the weekend, one Trump surrogate attempted to claim the president simply didn't want to “dignify” Nazis/white supremacists with a mention, but many people suspect that they simply don't want to alienate part of their fanbase.
Indeed, the Daily Stormer site was thrilled that Trump did not forsake them: “[Trump] refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him. No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, they just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him.” Will Trump do it again today?
(Via Business Insider, The Independent & Variety)
UCLA's Japreece Dean puts up a shot in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Jordin Canada passes the ball off as they fall in front of Creighton's Audrey Faber in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Jordin Canada passes the ball to a teammate after stealing it from Creighton's Temi Carda in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Jordin Canada passes the ball to a teammate after stealing it from Creighton's Temi Carda in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Monique Billings heads up the court after forcing a turnover in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA celebrates their win over Creighton in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Monique Billings, left, and Kennedy Burke box out Creighton's Audrey Faber on a rebound in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Jordin Canada steals the ball from Creighton's Temi Carda in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Monique Billings sinks a short jumper in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Chrissy Baird celebrates a 3-pointer in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Japreece Dean celebrates one of their 3-pointers in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA cheerleaders perform in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA coach Cori Close and Michaela Onyenwere, left, congratulate Monique Billings as they come out of the game in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Michaela Onyenwere guards Creighton's Temi Carda in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA coach Cori Close chats with Lajahna Drummer as they come out of the game in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA coach Cori Close talks with their players during a timeout in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Creighton's Bailey Norby loses the ball to UCLA's Japreece Dean in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's Kelli Hayes guards Creighton's Temi Carda up the court in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's drains a 3-pointer in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA's bench encourages Japreece Dean's successful shot to fall in for a 3-pointer in the second round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship at Pauley Pavilion in Westwood on Monday, March 19, 2018. UCLA won 86-64. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
LOS ANGELES — Minutes after two No. 3 seeds fell to 11th-seeded underdogs in the NCAA women's basketball tournament, UCLA took the court at Pauley Pavilion against another 11th-seeded team Monday. The Bruins were the last No. 3 seed left in the bracket.
They quickly made sure they would not fall victim to the same fate as their fellow third seeds.
UCLA dominated Creighton 86-64 on Monday in Pauley Pavilion, advancing to the Sweet 16 for the third straight year. The Bruins, ranked ninth in the country, will face No. 2 seed Texas on Friday in Kansas City.
UCLA (26-7) has advanced past the round of 16 just once in school history, making it to the Elite Eight in 1999.
Senior Jordin Canada, playing in their final game at Pauley Pavilion, led five double-digit UCLA scorers with 21 points, eight assists and six rebounds. In two NCAA Tournament games over the weekend, the point guard tallied 19 assists.
Canada scored 11 points in the third quarter and made their first six shots from the field Monday. Them first miss came at the 1:50 mark of the third quarter: a point-blank layup that dribbled off the rim after the Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year stole an inbounds pass.
Forward Monique Billings had 15 points and nine rebounds, and guard Japreece Dean added 16 points, 12 of which came off 4-of-7 shooting from 3-point range. Forward Kennedy Burke had 11 points and Lajahna Drummer added 10.
After Creighton (19-13) hit a 3-pointer on its opening possession, the Bruins went on a 13-0 run. The Bruins' lead got no smaller than 18 points in the second half, growing to as many as 28 as the Bruins dominated on both ends of the court.
UCLA forcedr 18 turnovers, tying a season high for Creighton. The Bruins scored 29 points off the miscues. Canada had five steals.
Fellow No. 3 seed Ohio State lost to Central Michigan on Monday, and Florida State also ended up on the wrong side of a No. 3-No. 11 matchup, falling to Buffalo on Monday. The fourth third seed, Tennessee, lost to No. 6 Oregon State on Sunday in the Vols' first-ever home loss in the NCAA Tournament.
While other regions fell into disarray with the upsets, UCLA's Kansas City bracket has all four top seeds in the Sweet 16. No. 1 seed Mississippi State will play No. 4 Stanford on Friday, with the winner facing either UCLA or Texas on Sunday for a spot in the Final Four in Columbus, Ohio.
States may have to take the lead as the federal government lags on cybersecurity, a governor said
How should the U.S. respond to cyberattacks? That's been a major question at this year's RSA security conference, following Russia's suspected attempt to influence last year's election.
Clearly, the government should be doing more on cybersecurity, said U.S. lawmakers and officials at the show, but they admit that politics and policy conflicts have hampered the government's approach.
“I wish the federal government could do this, but it's very hard, unfortunately, due to partisan politics,” said Virginia State Governor Terry McAuliffe, during a speech at the show. “They haven't been able to take the lead on this issue as they should have.”
Instead, it might be up to the states to assume a larger role in promoting cybersecurity, given that divisive U.S. politics at the federal level have been stalling government action, McAuliffe said on Tuesday.
Michael Kan The RSA conference 2017.
Collectively, state governments store more data than the federal government, including residents' tax returns, healthcare records and drivers' licenses, they said. That can make them targets of hackers, so McAuliffe has been urging other states to make cybersecurity a priority.
“It's up to the governors of this country to lean in and take the lead,” they said.
At the RSA show, U.S. Representative Michael McCaul also spoke and said the U.S. is falling behind on cybersecurity, pointing to the numerous hacks from state-sponsored hackers. “We are in the fight of our digital lives and we are not winning,” they said.
McCaul, who also chairs the House committee on Homeland Security, said Russia's suspected involvement in influencing last year's election was a “wake-up call.” But they were disappointed with the responses from the administration of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, to the Kremlin's alleged meddling.
“If there are no consequences for bad behavior, the bad behavior will continue,” they said. “Unfortunately, we still do not have a clear proportionate response, policies for striking back.”
However, actually coming up with a U.S. doctrine on stopping serious cyberattacks is easier said than done.
“One of the big questions out there is what is an act of war in cyberspace?” said Daniel Lerner, a staff member at the U.S. Senate committee on Armed Services, who also spoke at the show.
Currently, the U.S. treats every serious cyberattack on a case-by-case basis, which does little to dissuade the state-sponsored hackers from attacking in the first place, they said.
“That's no way to project deterrence. And it really undermines our overall security posture, if every instance is a crisis,” Lerner said.
It doesn't help that trying to accurately prove a foreign country was behind a cyberattack can be incredibly hard and might involve sensitive intelligence.
For instance, U.S. intelligence agencies have declined to share publicly classified evidence showing why they suspect Russia was behind last year's election-related hacks. In addition, the Kremlin has denied any involvement.
Nevertheless, more officials in the U.S. government want to see the country take action in the event of another cyberattack, said Brendan Shields, staff director at the House committee of Homeland Security.
“The fuse is getting shorter and shorter,” they said at a panel discussion at RSA. “I think there is a growing desire for making sure deterrence is real.”
Michael Kan Virginia state governor Terry McAuliffe (left) speaking at the RSA conference.
However, going after state-sponsored hackers is only one aspect of the problem. Much more of it has to do with defense, and protecting users from hacking threats that are coming over consumer-made products or websites.
It's an area where the private sector also needs to play a crucial role, given that IT vendors have most of the cybersecurity talent, said the Virginia governor.
“We need your ideas. We need the private sector,” McAuliffe said. “We at the state government cannot drive this. The federal government cannot drive this.”
Cadillac Jack asks you 10 general knowledge trivia questions in 60 seconds. You'll win $10 for every question you get right. Answer all 10 questions correctly and you win $1000! Here's a tip to make it easier to win money: When any contestant gives a wrong answer, Caddy and Dallas will let everyone know the correct answer and then use that question again in next Thursday's edition of The $1000 Minute! Listen to play along Thursday Mornings at 6:15 and 8:15.
Text “JIM” to 68255 every Friday starting at 10 am to get a reply with the song to be listening for and the approximate time it will play. When you hear it be caller TEN (404-983-2827) to win $101 from Jim Ellis Buick – GMC Mall of Georgia!
Take a break from work and play Ali Mac's “Gimme A Sec!” Ali Mac will play a clip of some who is super cross. If you know who is being super cross, you could win a pair of tickets to the Monster Energy AMA Supercross at the Georgia Dome on February 25th!
The Central Bank of Nigeria says it is closely monitoring the use of Naira-denominated cards for
international transactions by bank customers.
This is happening as some banks adjust spending limits for their customers.
According to the CBN, monitoring such transactions was to ensure that gains recorded in the foreign exchange market were not lost.
Some banks have restricted the monthly spending on naira cards to only high net worth customers.
Last year, many Nigerian banks suspended Forex transactions on their Naira debit and credit cards.
We're monitoring use of naira-denominated cards – CBN
(Submitted, US Rowing) USRowing is pleased to announce the date and location of the 2017 USRowing Masters National Championships, scheduled for August 17-20, on Melton Hill Lake in Oak Ridge, Tenn.
The 2016 event saw more than 2,000 entries as 165 clubs converged on the waterways of Lake Quinsigamond for the largest USRowing event ever.
For Oak Ridge Rowing Association Regatta Director Sarah McAuliffe, it sets the bar even higher next year, and they are looking forward to the challenge. “Oak Ridge Rowing Association is extremely excited to provide an excellent athlete experience for rowers at Masters Nationals 2017,” said McAuliffe. “With our race course recognized as one of the best in the country, and an organization that has decades of experience hosting highcaliber events, rowers will have the ability to connect with other athletes socially and competitively.”
Hosted by Oak Ridge Rowing Association and Oak Ridge Convention and Visitors Bureau, the event features athletes 21 and older competing for national titles in 202 categories. Masters can look forward to another unique competition experience at the 2017 event with a beer garden and viewing area with TV screens for close-up viewing of each race. Athletes will also get the chance to meet their fellow competitors for a special Tennessee-favorite meal during competition.
“Oak Ridge has shown how much the community values the sport of rowing, and they are anxious to welcome the masters community back to Tennessee,” said USRowing Events Manager A.J. Dominique. “Their history of hosting events shows they are more than capable of hosting USRowing's largest regattas, and the venue makes for a great backdrop for this event. Competitors can expect great racing conditions, enhanced off-the-water amenities, and a welcoming, local atmosphere.”
Hosting its first regatta in 1978, Melton Hill Lake is no stranger to prestigious rowing events. It has played host to a number of USRowing national championship regattas, including the 2014 USRowing Club National Championships, as well as NCAA and SIRA college events. In 2004 and 2007, Lake Melton hosted the USRowing Masters National Championships.
In addition, it was the training venue of choice for the United States women and the Swiss team prior to the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Ga. “Late summer in Oak Ridge promises long, sunny days with calm, protected water and ideal racing conditions,” said Jim Rogers, Oak Ridge Rowing Association Regatta Chairman.
“Our racing venue on Melton Hill Lake has long been a favorite for competitive rowing, hosting highprofile, 1,000-meter and 2,000-meter events for nearly 40 years. We are delighted to welcome masters rowing back to East Tennessee.”
“We're all very excited and honored to host the 2017 Masters Nationals,” said Executive Director of Explore Oak Ridge Marc DeRose. “Rowing is strong part of Oak Ridge history and is associated with a lot of civic pride. I know that in addition to a fair and consistent racing venue, visiting rowers will find Oak Ridge to be an extremely welcoming community.”
For more information about the venue, visit the Oak Ridge Rowing Association website at orra.org.
We shared a discussion thread a few weeks ago about how the media are enmeshed within the entire story of the DOJ and FBI corruption. The media engagements with the parties swirling around the Clinton-Steele Dossier and DOJ corruption are so pervasive they cannot currently report on the story without exposing their own duplicity. Michael Isikoff found that reality yesterday when they discovered their reporting was being used by the FBI.
FBI investigator Peter Strzok and FBI attorney Lisa Page have been shown in their text messages to be leaking stories from the Clinton Investigation, the Trump investigation and the Mueller investigation to journalists at Politico, The Wall Street Journal and Washington Post. –SEE HERE–
(Source Link – pdf Page #5)
Additionally, Christopher Steele has stated in U.K. court records the person in charge of the Clinton Campaign's opposition research firm, Glenn Simpson from Fusion GPS, arranged and coordinated for Mr. Steele to talk to several journalists (CNN, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Yahoo News and Mother Jones) while Mr. Steele was also the primary source of information for the FBI investigators (including Strzok and Page):
(Source – page #8)
Make sure you read that full response from Christopher Steele above to see the scope of the media engagements they were conducting.
As more evidence surfaces the relationship between journalists, Fusion-GPS, Chris Steele and the media's DOJ/FBI sources begins blending together. The FBI was using media reports, which were based on Fusion-GPS pitches, to bolster it's investigative documents to the FISA court:
According to the U.K records, Christopher Steele reports this September 2016 meeting with Isikoff was arranged by Glenn Simpson. According to Michael Isikoff today on their podcast, they met Christopher Steele at a Washington, D.C. hotel in Sept. 2016. They were joined by their “old friend” Glenn Simpson, the founder of opposition research firm Fusion GPS, who Isikoff now defines as a “private investigator.”
So Christopher Steele was meeting with journalists, the journalists were writing articles; the FBI was leaking to media and citing articles as underlying evidence to support their counterintelligence investigations; and all of this was used to validate the investigative documents the FBI was receiving from Christopher Steele; who, along with the leaking FBI officials, was also the source of the media articles.
FUBAR! This is exponentially bonkers.
This is a circle of information, all coming from Glenn Simpson at Fusion GPS, who was the opposition research firm being financed by Hillary Clinton, along with FBI officials who were using their own leaks to validate their own investigation.
Think about the scale of the reporting, and reporting on reporting, of anonymous leaks, false leaks, lies from “people with knowledge of the matter”, “government officials involved in the matter”, “people familiar with the matter”, “government sources” etc. all going in one unified and semi-coordinated direction – against the aggregate Trump administration.
Now, it actually gets even more convoluted.
Christopher Steele has sworn under oath that they met with multiple journalists (at least eight organizations) in September, mid-October, and late-October 2016: “at Fusion's instruction“. (pdf page #7)
Overlay upon that sworn admission what Glenn Simpson (Fusion-GPS) told the House Intelligence Committee while also under oath about their involvement in sharing information derived from Christopher Steele:
(Testimony – pdf link, page #147)
…”without my knowledge and against my wishes”?
Huh?
FBI Director James Comey admits to leaking their ‘memos' to the New York Times. FBI #2 Counterintelligence Agent and FBI Attorney Lisa Page are caught in their text messages leaking to Politico, The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post.
The FBI is caught, in at least one FISA application, using Yahoo media reports provided by them AND their investigative source Christopher Steele to establish a basis for FISA “Title I” surveillance; the most intrusive and wide-open search and surveillance authority possible.
The Clinton Campaign is paying Fusion GPS to conduct opposition research against Donald Trump. In addition to Glenn Simpson pushing that opposition research into the media, Fusion GPS is also providing that opposition research –including information from contacts with media– directly to the FBI:
(pdf link – page #4)
… In addition to using the Fusion-GPS information to underpin their counterintelligence investigation, the FBI then turn around and leak the same opposition research information to the media to create the support for their counterintelligence investigation.
So, tell me again how the media can possibly write about this now?
The problem is not just corruption with the U.S. Justice System, the DOJ and the FBI; the problem is corruption within the media.
We're talking about thousands of hours of media TV pundits, thousands more columns written, and almost every scintilla of it based on originating intelligence sources -from the larger intelligence system- that are now being exposed as duplicitous and conspiratorial in the scale of their malicious intent.
This larger story-line has traveled in one direction. The narrative has only traveled in one direction. Each thread converging on codependent trails for collective stories all going in one direction. One big engineered narrative endlessly pushed. Think about how far the collective media have traveled with this story over the past eighteen months.
Now, in a period of a few weeks, it has become increasingly obvious the collective journey, using all that expended effort, was going in the wrong direction.
The media have fully invested themselves in eighteen months of narrative distribution in only one direction. Not a single MSM entity has questioned their travel as a result of false leaks and false sources in the totality of time they have covered the DOJ and FBI story.
Nothing within their collective need to will-an-outcome, will change the media's proximity to facts when the truthful story behind the DOJ and FBI corruption is finally exposed. The media are so far away from the place where this story ends, they have no inherent capability to even begin to travel in the opposite direction, toward the truth.
The only way they could align with the truth is to admit that virtually every scintilla of their reportage over the past 18 months was inherently false. There's not a single media outlet capable of doing that.
Think about a New York Times, CNN, New Yorker, Wall Street Journal, Mother Jones, Yahoo News or Washington Post journalist now having to write an article deconstructing an entire foundation of lies they participated in creating.
Do we really think such a catastrophic level of flawed ideology could reconstitute into genuine reporting of fact-based information?
Impossible.
Advertisements
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Steve Martin has been playing banjo and bluegrass music long enough now that it's no longer an interesting footnote of their storied career, but a legitimate part of it; Their 2009 record, The Crow: New Songs for the 5-String Banjo, won a Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album. Their most recent record, So Familiar with Edie Brickell, came out in 2015, and now he's ready to follow it up with a new Steve Martin and the Steep Canyon Rangers album, fittingly titled The Long-Awaited Album.
They previously shared “Caroline” from the release, and now the track has a fresh music video starring Bill Hader and Cecily Strong, with Hader having a hard time getting over their ex, Strong. The Brian Petchers-directed video is a quirky and interesting blend of live-action footage and animated background and foreground elements that brings a lighthearted touch to the heartbreak of the song's lyrics.
Martin previously said about the song:
“Research has shown that there are many, many songs with the title ‘Caroline.' However, this is the only good one.”
The song's narrator, Hader's character in the video, begins obsessed with why things went wrong: “Can you tell me why you left me standing in the parking structure? / Caroline, I was the almost-perfect boyfriend ever for you / And you even said that to me one time at the Olive Garden.” By the end, though, they seem to have come to terms with the situation: “Yes I know that we could not have lasted / Daily life cannot be that intense / I'll phone my friends and try to explain / Why this past year I have acted so insane.”
The Long-Awaited Album comes out on September 22nd. Watch the video for “Caroline” above.
A former police officer from Louth, who was dismissed for gross misconduct following a drink-driving conviction earlier this year, has been hired in a new role with Lincolnshire Police.
Rebecca Stevenson was dismissed without notice less than six weeks ago - on August 30 - after admitting gross misconduct, following a drink-driving conviction in court (July 18) following the incident in Saltfleetby on July 2.
Since then, Ms Stevenson has been re-hired in a new capacity as a ‘civilian investigator' at Louth Police Station, although this location has not been confirmed by Lincolnshire Police.
Deputy Chief Constable, Craig Naylor, said: “Ms Stevenson pled guilty at magistrates court to a charge of drink-driving, and was convicted and sentenced. Ms Stevenson's conviction for drink driving led to a disciplinary hearing chaired by the Chief Constable, at which the fact of ‘gross misconduct' was accepted.
“The outcome was that the conviction was not compatible with their role as a police constable and the warranted powers that the role holds.
“She was dismissed without notice from that position. There was substantial evidence, heard in private due to its sensitive nature, that supported the view that the actions of Ms Stevenson displayed behaviour for them that was both exceptional and rare.
“Lincolnshire Police takes the wellbeing of its staff very seriously, and believes that the public should be treated with empathy and compassion.
“Ms Stevenson applied for a role as a member of staff and it was felt that, in this exceptional case, it was mutually beneficial for the Force and the public of Lincolnshire to put them 12 years of knowledge and experience to good effect.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Anthem is countering Cigna a day after its smaller rival sued to terminate a $48 billion buyout agreement.
Anthem on Wednesday sought a restraining order to block that maneuver and force it to comply with the deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
The rapid-fire consolidation in the health care industry appears to be hitting a wall. On Tuesday, Aetna said it was abandoning its $34 billion acquisition of Humana. That was followed by the Cigna lawsuit.
Both deals drew in the Justice Department and separate federal courts ruled the deals could hurt consumers.
Cigna Corp. is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and more than $13 billion in damages.
Anthem Inc. said Wednesday that Cigna doesn't have a right to terminate the agreement.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu warned that Hamas and other terrorist groups in Gaza would pay a heavy price if the barrage of rockets and mortars fired from the Gaza Strip yesterday continues.
"Since yesterday, the IDF has reacted strongly against Gaza by attacking dozens of terrorist targets in the harshest blow in years," Netanyahu said at a ceremony for the victims of the 1948 Altalena incident, when IDF forces fired on an Irgun ship bringing supplies for Israel's War of Independence.
"I do not detail my plans because I do not want the enemy to know what is in store for them. But one thing is clear to them - when they try us they pay immediately, and if they continue to try us, they will pay a lot more," Netanyahu said.
"Since yesterday, the IDF has reacted strongly against Gaza by attacking dozens of terrorist targets, in the most difficult blow in years,
"I do not detail my plans because I do not want the enemy to know what is in store for them, and one thing is clear to them - when they try us they pay immediately and if they continue to try us, they will pay a lot more."
Terrorists from the Gaza Strip fired dozens of rockets and mortars into Israel Tuesday. One mortar shell struck near a kinderkarten.
Three IDF soldiers were wounded by shrapnel from a rocket strike. One soldier remains hospitalized in moderate condition.
One rocket damaged a facility which provides electricity to Gaza, cutting power to the Hamas-run enclave.
Transcript for Evangelist who asked worshipers for $54M private jet now under probe
Liberty Mutual Insurance. We turn next tonight to the tevangelist underfire. They say god gave them the message. Here's ABC's lindseyis. Reporter: The bibles say, "Ask and ye L receive. So televangelist Jesse Duplantis is asking -- for a llion private jet. I realllie that if Jesus was phly on the Earth today, they wouldn't ride a don think about that for a minute. 'D be in an airplane preaching the gospel all oe world. Eporter: Last week, the new orleans-based minister posted this video, now gettibacklash, asking for donations so H can purchasis fourth private E, in cash. We believe in god for a brand new on-7x so we can go anywhere in the worle stop. Repor they say the plane will help them San exorbitant fuel prices arhe world. Online, there is Ging of teeth, with peopleling them a hypocrite and fal prop one person simply writing, "Con-air." Plan tis, who lives in a $3 million,35,000 square foot home, has S that he's not, ote, living lavishly, but bib likely. They did nurn our calls for comment. David?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
There's been an outpouring of support for an Ohsweken family who lost their three year old son after a fire gutted their two story home on Fourth line, Friday afternoon.
A family of nine were living inside, including seven children. Firefighters rushed into the burning home to pull the three year old boy out from under a bed on the second floor but they died later in hospital. The Six Nations fire chief still shaken by the tragedy.
“I don't ever want another fire chief to feel this way, I don't ever want another family or community to feel this way again.”
A three week old baby and a one year old child were taken to Sick Kids hospital in Toronto but have since been released.
Fire officials say they are still trying to determine the cause of this fire but say it looks like it started in the back of the house on the main floor. They say it is too early to say if there were working smoke detectors. Fire officials are estimating damage to be about $150 000.
Donations have been pouring in for the child's family and a Go Fund Me page has been set up. The family say they are grateful for the support.
New merchandising materials for the upcoming ‘Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom' may tease the appearance of the sequel's anticipated new dinosaur, the Indoraptor.
Fans of the dinosaur movie franchise first identified what has been taken to be a teaser image of the new breed of raptor in a photo of director JA Bayona, tweeted earlier this year by ‘Jurassic World' director Colin Trevorrow to mark the end of photography on the sequel.
As studio Universal had not long since trademarked the word ‘Indoraptor,' it was deduced by some that this was the dinosaur featured in this photo: and that, like ‘Jurassic World's Indominus Rex, it's a new hybrid dinosaur cooked up by those over-ambitious scientists at InGen.
As fan site Jurassic Outpost point out, dialogue in the final scenes of ‘Jurassic World' about the military applications of weaponised dinosaurs – “Imagine that one [Indominus Rex], a fraction of the size… a living weapon unlike anything we've ever seen” – would seem to point toward a Velicoraptor-sized take on ‘Jurassic World's main monster.
Now, they speculate that newly released glimpses of upcoming ‘Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom' merchandise drop hints of the Indoraptor:
Credit: Universal/PPR Solutions More
They suggest the claw in the picture to the right may be that of the Indoraptor, particularly as it appears to be reaching out through the bars of a cage – and if we look again at the photo of JA Bayona alongside a dinosaur, it looks like that may have been taken inside a cage too.
It is also suggested that the explosive backdrop to the picture on the left may confirm rumours that ‘Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom' may feature a volcanic eruption – which would no doubt make the people-running-from-dinosaurs action even more intense.
Credit: Universal/PPR Solutions More
Meanwhile, these other images hint at the return of two key dinosaurs: the original ‘Jurassic Park' T. rex, and new ‘Jurassic World' raptor Blue, who we can but hope will once again be fighting side by side with Chris Pratt's Owen Grady.
Also coming back from ‘Jurassic World' is Bryce Dallas Howard as Claire Dearing, queen of practical footwear, whilst fans are eagerly anticipating the return of Jeff Goldblum as Dr Ian Malcolm, marking their first appearance in the franchise since 1997's ‘The Lost World: Jurassic Park.'
‘Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom' is opening in UK cinemas on 8 June 2018.
Read More:
Gal Gadot wanted for The Bride of Frankenstein
Director Shane Black linked to Fast & Furious spin-off
Gore Verbinski in talks for Gambit
A map of the conflicts (below) helps illustrate the subjects that tend to spark the most activity.
The data also sheds light on who picks these fights and their long term effects. It's typically "highly active" users who start conflicts, but the quieter ones are those who participate. The groups don't usually interact with each other, though, and tend to stay within their own bubbles. Conflicts can be damaging to a community in the long run. Despite what you've been told about engaging with trolls, though, fighting back does appear to help -- a subreddit can mitigate the effect of a raid by engaging with the attackers instead of hoping they'll go away.
This data doesn't exist just to satisfy curiosity. The team has developed a deep learning model that can predict conflicts based on those linked posts. Eventually, it could be useful for moderators on Reddit and other internet forums as an "early-warning system" that gives them a heads-up when a harassment campaign is imminent. It could also be useful for site operators, for that matter. If Reddit could easily detect and track intercommunity raids, it could quickly clamp down on hostile communities instead of waiting for their next attack.
While Hulu currently trails more established rivals like Sling TV and DirecTV Now -- which have 2.2 million and 1.5 million subscribers, respectively -- it was doing better than fellow newcomer YouTube TV earlier this year. CNBC's sources reported in January that YouTube's live service had around 300,000 subscribers.
During the interview, Freer said they believed Hulu's on-demand service, which offers approximately 75,000 episodes of TV shows, will continue to attract live TV users and help it compete with its rivals. Along with its successful Handmaid's Tale series, Hulu will soon debut its Stephen King and JJ Abrams original Castle Rock and will add Viceland shows and a New York Times documentary news show to its on-demand service.
Jamia Milia Islamia (JMI) has started its application procedure for the admission in B.Tech and B.Arch programmes for the academic session 2018-19. Interested candidates can apply for the same at the official website of the university at www.jmi.ac.in. Check the eligibility, admission process and important dates for the Jamia Milia Islamia (JMI) B.Tech and B.Arch programmes admission for the academic session of 2018-19.
One of the popular central public university, Jamia Milia Islamia has started its admission process for the academic session 2018-19 for the Bachelor of Technology(B.Tech) and Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch). Candidates looking to get admission in engineering and architectural courses can apply for the admission on the official website of the Jamia Milia Islamia at www.jmi.ac.in. The admission forms and e-prospectus are now available and the last date to apply for the admission is March 07, 2018.
As per the following procedure, interested applicants first need to register for the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Main 2018 at its official website www.jeemain.nic.in., after which they need to fill the form online available at JMI admission portal mentioned above. But as per changes made this year, no offline forms will be accepted this year. Candidates applying for the B Tech programmes must appear in JEE (Main)- 2018 paper- 1 examination and those applying for the B Arch programmes must appear in the JEE (Main)- 2018 paper 2 examinations. In case a candidate is applying for both courses, he/she will have to appear for both paper 1 and 2 of JEE exam.
Jamia Milia Islamia launched PhD portal :
Along with the announcement of admission, Jamia Milia Islamia Vice-Chancellor Prof Talat Ahmed launched a new online PhD portal. PhD Scholars in Jamia Milia Islamia and their respective supervisors can keep a record on the progress on the student thesis from anywhere in the world. The portal will be very useful for the students keeping in mind the mobility.
The process starts with code and password, which will be issued by the office of the Controller of the Examinations only after the submission of the thesis by them. Only through code and password students can log in to the portal. After logging in, the scholars will be required to fill up a form and upload all necessary documents on the portal. After completing all the necessary steps the students and supervisor can check the thesis evaluation including whether the external examiners have sent their report to the university or not.
Eligibility for Jamia Millia Islamia Btech, BArch admissions 2018:
For B.Tech Course – As per CBSE JEE MAIN
For B.Arch Course – As per CBSE JEE MAIN
How to Apply/Application Procedure:
Log on to the official website of Jamia Millia Islamia – jmi.ac.in
On the homepage, click on the link that says ‘admission' under ‘Study at Jamia' tab
Now follow the link that says ‘B.Tech and B.Arch Admission for the session 2017-18'
Further click on ‘Click Here to apply for B.Tech./ B.Arch. for the session 2017-18'
Fill the application form
Confirm the submission
Pay the application fee
Important dates:
Last date for admission form availability: March 7
Admit card availability: April 8 to 13
Students across four Sleaford area schools have spent a day learning about the impact of climate change.
Pupils from Carre's Grammar School, together with pupils from William Alvey, Church Lane, Our Lady of Good Counsel and Navenby Primary Schools were taught by Geoff Stratford a former biology teacher from Lincoln together with Miss Chaddock, a geography teacher at Carre's School.
One of the mud hare sculptures in Sleaford. EMN-171130-140722001
Years 8 and 9 students from Carre's worked with the primary school students to make PowerPoint presentations and posters about climate change. At the end of the day all of the children involved received a ‘Climate Champions' certificate which was provided by NKDC.
The day culminated with a concert of music entitled ‘Live Earth' celebrating both ‘the beauty and the peril' of our planet. The concert was organised and led by Mrs Quinton, head of music at Carre's School. A spokesperson for Carre's school said: “Powerpoints and posters produced by the students during the day were displayed at the evening concert which was well attended and enjoyed by all.”
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Pakistan beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets in the Twenty20 tri-series match at Harare Sports Club on Wednesday:
___
Pakistan 163-3 in 19.1 overs (Fakhar Zaman 47, Hussain Talat 44) def. Zimbabwe 162-4 (Solomon Mire 94, Tarisai Musakanda 33) by 7 wickets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is proclaiming Monday as Columbus Day — without any of their predecessor's qualms.
The president's proclamation Friday directs the U.S. to celebrate their discovery of the Americas, noting "the permanent arrival of Europeans ... was a transformative event that undeniably and fundamentally changed the course of human history and set the stage for the development of our great Nation."
Trump's proclamation only praises Columbus, Spain and the explorer's native Italy.
It contrasts with President Barack Obama's document almost exactly a year earlier. Obama's proclamation acknowledged Columbus' spirit of exploration. But they said the nation should "also acknowledge the pain and suffering reflected in the stories of Native Americans who had long resided on this land prior to the arrival of European newcomers."
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
The report revealed Mr. Weinstein to be a big-screen version of what working women encounter every day: a boss who thinks they can take what they want from them, and cover their tracks with money when he's caught. There's little doubt their power encouraged their brazenness and helps explain how they got away with it for so long. Mr. Weinstein controlled many avenues to advancement in their industry and could kill the career of any woman who didn't hush up.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The sums they paid their accusers were paltry compared with those that men like Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly paid their accusers, but the accusations were similar.
Women who spoke on the record for Thursday's report, including the actor Ashley Judd, said they hoped to encourage women throughout the work force, not just celebrities in high-profile industries, to come forward and expose predatory behavior. “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly,” Ms. Judd said. How familiar that sounds to all working women.
Tales of Mr. Weinstein's offenses were widely shared in Hollywood but not publicly discussed. Despite years of fund-raisers with Hollywood celebrities, those who took their donations may have never heard the stories. But they have now.
A number of members of Congress have pledged to give all contributions they received from Mr. Weinstein to charity, including to organizations that assist victims of sexual assault and domestic violence. There has been no comment from Mr. Obama or Mrs. Clinton, who condemned Donald Trump for boasting of sexual assault on the “Access Hollywood” tape. These Democratic leaders, admired by many young women and men, should make clear that Mr. Weinstein also deserves condemnation. If such powerful leaders take the money and stay mum, who will speak for women like Mr. Weinstein's accusers?
In a statement both remorseful and self-aggrandizing, Mr. Weinstein pledged yet more money for liberal causes, including gun control and scholarships for women in film. Money, though, is not going to solve this problem.
After The Times's report was published, Rose McGowan, who after an encounter with Mr. Weinstein in a hotel room reportedly reached a $100,000 settlement with them in 1997, encouraged women to “fight on. And to the men out there, stand up. We need you as allies.”
Those allies, including Mr. Weinstein's prominent friends, need to publicly assert that the behavior that has made them notorious cannot be tolerated. Not from anyone.
Philips claims a ‘world's first' with a 4K HDR display for PC arriving this summer
Envision Peripherals revealed a new desktop monitor under the Philips Momentum brand that's the first to sport the VESA DisplayHDR 1000 certification. Its the top-of-the-line HDR-capable display, with a 1,000-nit maximum brightness.
The post Philips claims a ‘world's first' with a 4K HDR display for PC arriving this summer appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's always good to pay off your credit card debt, but now may be a better time than ever to do so.
Americans' debt levels have been growing and interest rates are rising — a combination that could put consumers in a bind if they carry a balance on their cards.
The Federal Reserve said earlier this month that overall consumer borrowing in the U.S. jumped 8.8 percent in November, the most in more than two years, a sign of growing confidence in the economy. The category of debt made up mostly of credit cards jumped $11.2 billion, the most in a year, to $1.02 trillion.
That is the highest level on record, without adjusting for inflation.
Rising debt levels can mean consumers feel better about the economy and are more willing to spend. But some experts say people may be over-extending themselves. And with the Federal Reserve expected to hike a key interest rate further this year, the cost for carrying debt on credit cards is likely to rise.
"Everyone has this sense that there is a storm brewing," said Bruce McClary, spokesperson for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. "All indications that we've seen are that people are carrying higher balances from month-to-month and more are behind on their monthly payments. That's not a healthy mix."
So what can you do?
TAKE CONTROL
"To know where you are going, you need to know where you have been," McClary said.
That means taking a hard look at your financial picture. Take stock of your debts, along with associated interest rates and minimum payments. Track your spending to get a sense of where your money goes each month.
REDUCE RATES
Ask your credit card companies if they will lower your rates.
The average annual percentage rate on a credit card is around 16 percent. That's pretty steep, so you may want to consider moving your balance to a card with a lower or zero-interest introductory rate to help pay it off faster.
A word of warning: you'll probably have to pay a balance transfer fee and pay the balance off before that promotion window ends or you could face accumulated interest.
PICK A PLAN
There are two common debt repayment strategies — avalanche and snowball.
The avalanche works by putting all your extra money toward your highest interest rate debt. Once that's paid off, you start paying off the next most expensive debt until it's all gone.
While the avalanche makes the most sense financially, sometimes the snowball method provides more motivation. With this strategy, you pay off the smallest debt first, to boost your spirits. Then you use that momentum to pay off the next biggest bill and so on, building your efforts like a snowball.
It doesn't really matter which one you use, just that you do it, said Lauren Zangardi Haynes, a financial advisor. You also need to break the spending habits that got you into debt in the first place.
If you just can't find a way to make your payments work at all, consider finding a nonprofit credit counseling organization at nfcc.org.
STICK TO IT
This is the hard part.
"It's an extremely long journey to get debt free and it can be lonely," Zangardi Haynes said. They suggest finding a coach or accountability partner to help keep you on track and energized.
Remember your sole focus should be getting out of debt, so don't plan any fancy vacations or big purchases for now. You may backslide or hit some road bumps but don't let that sap your motivation, McClary said.
If possible, set aside a small cushion of cash to help with unexpected expenses that you might be tempted to put on a card.
"It's not going to be easy but it's worth doing," Zangardi Haynes said.
The NY Times reports:
David Bonderman, an Uber board member and partner at private equity firm TPG, resigned from the board of the ride-hailing company after they made a disparaging remark about women at an Uber meeting on Tuesday. Earlier in the day at an Uber staff meeting to discuss the company's culture, Arianna Huffington, another board member, talked about how one woman on a board often leads to more women joining a board. “Actually, what it shows is that it's much more likely to be more talking,” Mr. Bonderman responded.
In context, the remark probably was a sarcastic dig and, if so, it was way out of line considering the problems Uber is having with sexism and sexual harassment issues.
In fact, however, there is some evidence that Bonderman was correct:
According to one study, female directors expanded the content of board discussions and were more likely than their male counterparts to raise issues concerning multiple stakeholders.
Deborah L. Rhode & Amanda K. Packel, Diversity on Corporate Boards: How Much Difference Does Difference Make?, 39 Del. J. Corp. L. 377, 396 (2014).
Rhode and Packal further note that:
In a study of Israeli companies in which the government holds a substantial equity interest and has required relative gender balance for 20 years, Schwartz-Ziv found that boards with at least three directors of each gender in attendance were twice as likely to both request further information and to take an initiative, compared to boards without such “critical masses,” boards with at least three female directors were more likely to experience CEO turnover when performance was weak, and individual male and female directors were more active when at least three women directors were present at board meetings.
Id. at 396 n.120.
In addition, Renée B. Adams & Daniel Ferreira, Gender Diversity in the Boardroom 11-12 (Aug. 2004), http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_ id=594506, found that in "boards with relatively more women, more directors participate in decision-making," which may suggest that there was more talking taking place.
So the gibe may have been motivated by ill will and certainly was ill-timed, but the substance likely was true.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — A police officer has testified that an Oklahoma man charged with a hate crime in the killing of their Lebanese neighbor said the slain man didn't like them because they are gay.
Testimony resumed Wednesday in the first-degree murder trial of 63-year-old Stanley Majors for the 2016 shooting death of 37-year-old Khalid Jabara.
Tulsa officer Josh Metcalf testified Tuesday that Majors called Jabara "creepy" and a terrorist who disliked them because of their sexuality.
Defense attorneys have tried to show that Majors was mentally ill and have said they feared that Jabara's family targeted them because he's gay.
Major has pleaded not guilty and was found competent to stand trial.
Prosecutors say Majors shot Jabara after years of harassment that included calling the family "filthy Lebanese" and "Moo-slems." The Jabaras are Christian.
Raspberry Pi Foundation's Alex Bate is informing the Raspberry Pi community today about the launch of a new audiovisual project called Waves, which makes it possible to print out sound waves with your favorite SBC.
Created by Northwestern University in Illinois students Eunice Lee, Matthew Zhang, and Bomani McClendon, the Waves project is capable of recording people's spoken responses to personal questions, printing them as sound waveforms on a receipt paper.
Designed for fun as a side project, Waves is, in fact, a device based on the powerful Raspberry Pi 3 single-board computer, which comes built-in with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, a thermal receipt printer, a standard USB microphone, and a total of four tactile buttons.
"The Waves device is comprised of four tactile buttons, a standard USB microphone, and a thermal receipt printer," reads the article. "This type of printer has become easily available for the maker movement from suppliers such as Adafruit and Pimoroni."
How the Waves device works
If you're curious to know how the Waves device works, scroll down and watch the promo videos to see it in action. However, let us tell you that the four tactile buttons on the device correspond to four colour-coded cards, each one representing a question.
When users press the button belonging to the question that needs to be answered, the pre-installed viz.py Python script will launch to make the Raspberry Pi computer record audio via the microphone and save it on its storage device. After that, the Raspberry Pi will instruct the thermal printer to print the recorded file as waveform.
Turning an audio file as a waveform image is possible thanks to Python matplotlib magic. The printouts produced by the Waves device will also print the question along with the sound wave image on the receipt. Unfortunately, Waves is not available for purchase, but you are free to create your own using the open source and freely distributed code provided by the students on GitHub.
Four in five victims of child sexual abuse in Australian institutions will be eligible for compensation after three churches, the Scouts movement and the YMCA joined a federal government redress plan, an official said on Thursday.
The Catholic Church, Australia's largest denomination, on Wednesday became the first non-government institution to commit to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan.
The Anglican Church, Salvation Army, Scouts Australia and the Young Men's Christian Association, better known as YMCA, committed to join on Thursday.
Flanked by representatives of the churches and associations, Social Services Minister Dan Tehan said their participation meant that 80 percent of Australia's 60,000 known abuse victims were now covered by the plan.
"Can I thank the institutions who are here with us today for the leadership that they have shown, for owning up to past wrongs, for owning up for behavior which can only be described as despicable and deplorable ... for wanting to turn a page, to provide redress and make sure that those survivors get the justice that they deserve," Tehan said at Parliament House.
The Catholic Church estimates it alone will be liable for about AU$1 billion ($757 million) in compensation.
Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson last week became the most senior Catholic cleric in the world to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse. They face a potential two-year prison term when they appear in court in June to be sentenced for protecting a pedophile priest in the 1970s.
Pope Francis' former finance minister, Cardinal George Pell, faces trial on sexual assault charges in Australia. The exact details and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public, though police have described them as "historical" sexual assaults, meaning they are alleged to have occurred decades ago.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress plan but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the state and territory governments to sign on first.
Western Australia would be the final state to join, although state Attorney-General John Quigley said the negotiations with the federal government could be finalized within two months.
Tehan said the plan was on track to begin on July 1 if legislation passes the Senate.
The plan will cover people who were sexually abused as children by institutional figures over decades. Payments will be capped at AU$150,000 ($113,000), with previously received compensation being deducted from any new amount.
The plan was recommended by the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, which made its final report in December.
Australia's longest-running royal commission — which is the country's highest form of inquiry — had been investigating since 2012 how institutions responded to sexual abuse of children in Australia over 90 years. The inquiry heard the testimonies of more than 8,000 survivors of child sex abuse. Of those who were abused in religious institution, 62 percent were Catholics.
SELMA, Ala. (AP) — Facebook plans to prioritize posts from local news sources in the news feeds of people who live in the communities served by those outlets, the company said Monday.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told The Selma Times-Journal on Monday that the decision stems from a cross-country tour they took with their wife in which they spoke with people in communities of different sizes. They visited the small community newspaper in Alabama on last year's trip.
Zuckerberg told the newspaper people consistently told them they wanted more local news on Facebook. Zuckerberg said the prioritization of local news sources is part of an effort to help people engage with the communities where they live.
"There's a lot of research that suggests that people who read local news are more engaged in their community and they're more likely to engage in civic improvements," Zuckerberg told the newspaper. "The more informed you are about issues in your community, the more empowered you are to get involved and make a change."
The Menlo Park, California, company said in a news release that it identifies local publishers as those clicked on by readers in tight geographic areas.
"If a story is from a publisher in your area, and you either follow the publisher's Page or your friend shares a story from that outlet, it might show up higher in News Feed," the release said.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Dem. 6th District Candidate Charlotte Moore
| By
Democrats will select their nominee for their 6th Congressional District in less than two weeks. WFIR's Lillian Boyd spoke with Charlotte Moore live in studio. She's one of four candidates vying for the nomination.
5-30 Charlotte Moore Full Interview Web
The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence responds to common claims of opposition who support FISA Title I abuse as outlined in the DOJ/FBI action against American citizen Carter Page:
Comrade citizen, all your freedoms are belonged to us.
09:40 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 EU: J'lem the capital of two states European Union foreign minister Federica Mogherini said Monday that the EU supports the two-state solution. "We will continue not to decide on the status of Jerusalem until it is determined in negotiations." ► ◄ Last Briefs
PARIS (AP) — French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products group in the world, says it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
Spokesman company Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affects "several million" products made since mid-February. The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 employees in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros ($20 billion.)
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever.
With the announcement that Prince Harry will wed American actor Meghan Markle on May 19, interest in the celebrity couple's courtship has hit a fever pitch. As has curiosity about the 33-year-old royal, who's lived their entire life out in the public eye, often taking heat for their alcohol-fuelled missteps. With marriage on the horizon, and a full slate of royal duties in the works, has the so-called “party prince” put their hedonistic days behind him? Royal reporter Katie Nicholl's well-researched new book, Harry: Life, Loss, and Love, takes a deep dive into the popular prince's story, from the tragic death of their mother, Princess Diana, to their much-followed romance with the Suits star. In an interview with Maclean's, Nicholl sheds light on Harry's private life, away from the spotlight, with their mother, brother and family—and now, their future bride. The conversation has been edited for clarity and length.
You've covered the royals for years now. Tell me about the first time you met Harry.
I met Harry when they were 17 years old. I was a young show-business reporter, covering a party in London, and I'd gone outside to get some fresh air, and I literally bumped into Prince Harry. They were standing in the doorway, having a cigarette. They invited me into this VIP room, where they were having a private party, and of course I accepted. And I had this amazing insight into their life. The room was full of beautiful young blond things hanging on their every word. The vodka was flowing. Harry was the centre of attention, the raconteur, full of energy and life. Of course, they should have been revising for their A-levels [exams]. They aren't. They were out having a lot of fun, and I liked them enormously for that. I became instantly fascinated by him, and I've documented [his and Prince William's] lives ever since.
In your book, you share an anecdote from Harry's childhood; they were returning from tea with the Queen Mother and upset because the butler only brought sandwiches for them and William. How much did growing up “the spare” impact him?
They were very aware, from an early age. They were always treated that little bit differently, whether it was not getting the best sandwiches when they went to see the Queen Mother, to how they were addressed by staff, to the feeling that William got preferential treatment. Diana recognized that, and they always said to their staff, “You look after the heir, and I'll look after the spare.” They recognized Harry just needed that extra bit of love, and they made sure they gave it to him.
In the past year, Harry has spoken very publically about their grief over losing Princess Diana. What has this unburdening meant for him?
The fact that it's taken 20 years for them to finally speak publicly about their mother, and the loss that they suffered—the huge impact that that had on their life—I think must be incredibly liberating for him. He's spoken about harbouring that grief, and having internalized it for so long, to the point that they were wanting to punch someone. They were that angry. It had all been so bottled up, for so many years. They revealed that they eventually sought counselling, on the advice of their brother. To hear a senior royal opening up like this was amazingly honest, very refreshing, and I think people only had great empathy and great respect for Harry in doing that. It was a very brave thing to do. I know there was some talk that the Queen felt there was too much soul-baring.
You also wrote about Harry suffering panic attacks. How big a deal is it for a senior royal to admit they have panic attacks at events?
Oh, it's a big deal. I covered those engagements. Not once would I have ever perceived that they were suffering stage fright, suffering from a panic attack. They did what they did with great professionalism. Again, I think it was very honest—that they were able to admit that it actually wasn't as easy as they made it look.
You haven't shied away from Harry's scandals here. I'm thinking of the time they wore a Nazi costume to a party…
You can't airbrush those out of history. They have had trip-ups. They know they should never have worn a Nazi outfit. Yes, they were young, but it was a big slip-up. And there have been others. Lunging for a paparazzo outside a night club, stripping naked in a game of strip billiards in Vegas, their underage drinking, their cannabis smoking. Their life has been punctuated with these very public falls from grace over the years. But I think what's so telling is that the public have been so ready to forgive Prince Harry. They like him. They love him.
When did they become an asset to the crown as opposed to a liability?
I think the turning point for Harry was when they left the military and gave up their army career, which was no easy thing to do. They loved the army. The military gave them a sense of purpose and a routine that I think they needed and they revelled in. But I think with that conscious decision to leave also came the decision to throw themselves into their royal duties full-time—something that they and William had resisted for many years. When they decided that their heart was in it, they wanted to do it, and they found, through Invictus [a multi-sport competition for wounded soldiers], a way of marrying their royal duty with something he's passionate about, then they became the real jewel in the crown. Then they showed us what they could do.
Another of their controversies involved an emotional statement defending Markle, back in the beginning of their romance, when they were subject to racist harassment. How unprecedented was that statement?
Absolutely unprecedented. It was like a stick of dynamite. It was so candid. It was so heartfelt. And very controversial, because here was Prince Harry, a public figure, pleading, really, with the media for privacy. Pleading for restraint. I suspect many advised them against issuing such a public statement, but Harry is headstrong. They felt it was their only opportunity to address the media head-on. And to protect Meghan.
Toronto played a starring role in the couple's courtship. How does Harry like the city?
I was told they really liked it. They became very good friends with some of their friends over there, particularly the Mulroneys. I think they felt very relaxed in the city. They were able to travel to Toronto really very freely; they would always fly scheduled flights. He'd be able to go around pretty incognito, in a baseball cap. Obviously it's a much smaller place than London, and people weren't expecting them there. So I think it was a really happy part of their courtship, because they had quite a lot of freedom and anonymity.
How important were the Mulroneys to the courtship?
That's one of the big reveals in the book, just how instrumental they were in the whole thing. I was told—and obviously Prince Harry hasn't commented on this—that Meghan and Harry, they took shelter at the Mulroneys' house when the story broke and it went global. Of course, Meghan's apartment was under siege and Harry was in the city at the time. That they did stay with the Mulroneys and they were very well-protected, and well-sheltered, there. Ben, having been the son of a former prime minister, obviously knew about press intrusion, and knew how to hide them away. So I think the Mulroneys were pretty instrumental. I'm certainly expecting them to get good pews at the wedding, that's for sure.
You include a lovely anecdote about Ben Mulroney sharing childhood memories of Princess Diana.
Yes, I loved that, too. I was told that by a very good friend of Ben's. I just thought, “Gosh, imagine what that must have been like for Harry, to have that connection.” To know that their mother had sat upstairs in the nursery with the Mulroney children, telling them stories and chatting away with them, because they were bored of the political conversation downstairs. Harry would have loved that, I'm sure.
What has Harry found with Meghan that they haven't had in previous relationships?
Someone who can deal with the limelight. Someone who can handle being that centre of media attention, and constant scrutiny. Someone who loves them unconditionally. And someone who is ultimately prepared to make the sacrifices that the others weren't prepared to do.
The upcoming royal wedding is sure to boost the popularity of the royal family. Will it finally put Harry's “party prince” reputation behind him?
I think the party prince reputation went quite a long time ago. I think Vegas was the final nail in the coffin. There wasn't really any wiggle room for more slip-ups after that. They learned their lesson. They got their fingers burned. Anyone that covers the royals will tell you that he's so cautious now. Their inner circle is tighter than it has ever been. They protect their privacy more voraciously than ever, and I think that's largely down to Meghan. So that “Hooray Henry wild royal rebel” tag, I think is long gone. This is the prince who wants to settle down. Who's had that debauched time of their life, and is now ready—and looking forward—to embracing the next chapter of their life.
MORE ABOUT Princes HARRY:
By James Cook | BBC |
Immigrants' rights groups have condemned the US government after a transgender immigrant died in US custody while seeking asylum. Roxana Hernandez, 33, was being held by immigration authorities in New Mexico when they fell ill.
They had travelled in a migrant caravan disparaged by President Donald Trump.
In a statement, US immigration authorities said all detained immigrants received comprehensive medical care.
Friends say Ms Hernandez had fled violence, hate and stigma in Central America.
“She saw in the United States the opportunity to start a new life free of abuse, risk and threats,” said a statement issued by a coalition of immigrants' rights groups.
After applying for asylum at the US border, Ms Hernandez was detained for deportation, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency said, citing previous convictions in Texas for theft, prostitution and illegally entering the country.
According to ICE, Ms Hernandez was “processed as an expedited removal” when they applied for admission at the San Ysidro port of entry in California on 9 May.
Six days later, on 15 May, they were transferred to the Cibola County Correctional Center in Milan, New Mexico.
Two days after that, on 17 May, they were admitted to Cibola General Hospital “with symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV”.
They died early in the morning of 25 May having been transferred to Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque by air ambulance.
The preliminary cause of death was given as “cardiac arrest.” A post-mortem examination is to be carried out.
“Roxy died due to medical negligence by US immigration authorities,” said the three immigrant groups – Pueblo Sin Fronteras, Al Otro Lado and Diversidad Sin Fronteras – adding: “In other words, they were murdered.”
The campaigners released a statement from a fellow detainee, who wanted to be known only as Stacy, alleging that their friend had fallen ill when they were locked up for five days in a notoriously cold holding cell, known as an ice box.
Stacy claimed that Ms Hernandez was refused access to a doctor despite coughing, vomiting and suffering from diarrhoea and severe pain all over their body.
“The ICE officials yelled at her” because they were sick, Stacy was quoted as saying. “She didn't get medical care until they arrived at Cibola.”
According to the organisers, Ms Hernandez was one of at least 267 members of the migrant caravan, including 23 transgender people, who crossed the border into California to apply for asylum.
The immigrants' rights groups are calling for dignified and humane treatment for all asylum seekers, medical care sensitive to the needs of transgender people and those with HIV, and the closure of all immigration detention centres.
Stacy said they feared they would be next.
“Because of what happened, I feel bad and am afraid that the same could happen to me, since I have HIV,” their statement concluded.
ICE said Ms Hernandez was the sixth detainee to die in its custody since 1 October 2017.
In a statement, the agency said “the appropriate” authorities had been notified about the death along with the consulate of Honduras in Houston, Texas, which would attempt to notify them next of kin.
It added: “Comprehensive medical care is provided from the moment detainees arrive and throughout the entirety of their stay.
“All ICE detainees receive medical, dental and mental health intake screening within 12 hours of arriving at each detention facility, a full health assessment within 14 days of entering ICE custody or arrival at a facility, and access to daily sick call and 24-hour emergency care.
“Pursuant to our commitment to the welfare of those in the agency's custody, ICE annually spends more than $250m on the spectrum of healthcare services provided to detainees.”
Earlier this month, a 20-year-old indigenous Guatemalan woman, Gomez Gonzalez, was shot dead in Texas by a US border patrol officer who said a group of migrants rushed towards him.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Bradley Cooper has unveiled the first trailer for their directorial debut "A Star is Born" for CinemaCon attendees Tuesday evening to hearty applause.
Cooper stars in their remake of "A Star Is Born" alongside Lady Gaga as a burgeoning singer. They say their co-star is a revelation in the film.
Cooper told the audience of theater owners and exhibitors that they know that this movie is a big swing, but says you can't control what moves you.
"A Star is Born" is three years in the making, and features live-singing on real stages at festivals like Glastonbury and Coachella.
It hits theaters on Oct. 5.
Officer Justin Sandefur stopped a vehicle Saturday morning on East Baddour Parkway near Carthage Highway. The driver, Seth Lynn Pedigo, 33, of Buffalo Valley, was wanted out of Putnam County and had an expired driver's license.
Sandefur searched the car and found 10 bags of heroin, three bags of meth and drug paraphernalia.
Pedigo was charged with two counts of possession and manufacture with intent for resale, simple possession, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license and possession of drug paraphernalia and booked in at the Wilson County Jail where they remained on $6,000 bond.
The Coastal Highway (Route 2) re-opened to northbound traffic, Monday evening, after it was blocked for 90 minutes by disabled people demonstrating for a larger government allowance.
Traffic remained congested because of the prolonged blockage.
Sex worker docked for allegedly taking customer's nude pictures
The sex worker allegedly tried to blackmail the customer with the photos.
The post Sex worker docked for allegedly taking customer's nude pictures appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - In this Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2016 file photo, Charlotte Hornets guard Nicolas Batum, of France, (5) holds the ball against Washington Wizards guard John Wall (2) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Washington. Charlotte Hornets guard Nic Batum says some basketball fans from France are happy that they have a torn ligament in their left elbow and will be out a minimum of six to eight weeks, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — After deciding not to play for the French national team this summer, Hornets guard Nic Batum has apparently lost the support of some countrymen.
Batum said Friday that some fans in their native France are celebrating their recent injury and taunting them on social media.
Batum had played for the French team each year since they were a teenager, but passed on the experience this summer to instead prepare for Charlotte's season. Now, he'll miss at least six to eight weeks with a torn ligament in their left elbow.
"I know (some) people in France are happy about it; that's the sad part," Batum said. "Really, for real. I got on stuff and people are happy like I deserve it. ... Trust me, I get those reactions on social media."
But they quickly added, "I (also) got a lot of support from France and here."
It was perplexing to the nine-year NBA pro that some fans rejoiced in their misfortune.
Batum had been dedicated to the French team and said they struggled with the decision to forego international play. Following Charlotte's 36-46 season, though, they felt they needed to focus on getting the Hornets back to the playoffs — especially after receiving a $120 million contract in 2016.
Still, a big part of their heart remains with the French squad.
In 2009, Batum hurt their shoulder during training camp working out for France. When they returned to Portland to prepare for the NBA season with the Trail Blazers, Batum said they were told they needed surgery.
"I said, 'No! I've got to play Eurobasket.'" Batum said.
And they did.
When they returned to Portland, they hurt the shoulder again and missed four months of the NBA season.
Now, he's working through an elbow injury they sustained Wednesday night in a preseason game.
Batum will see a specialist in Dallas on Monday to determine whether they need surgery. The right-handed shooter has been told they won't miss the entire season, even if they require an operation.
"It's my left arm, so that's good," Batum said.
Jeremy Lamb is expected to start for Batum.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
UCLA Bruins's Madeline Jelenicki during a NCAA Division I softball regional championship against Sacramento State at Easton Field on the campus of UCLA on Friday, May 18, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA's Madeline Jelenicki rounds the bases after the first of their two home runs during Game 1 of their NCAA Super Regional on Thursday at Easton Stadium. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
UCLA Bruins's Madeline Jelenicki (88) during a NCAA Division I softball regional championship against Sacramento State at Easton Field on the campus of UCLA on Friday, May 18, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA's Madeline Jelenicki hits the first of their two home runs during Game 1 of their NCAA Super Regional against Arizona last week at Easton Stadium. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Bottom of the seventh, two outs, game tied. Madeline Jelenicki adjusts their grip on the bat as they stare down then-top-ranked Washington pitcher Gabbie Plain. The UCLA senior had been practicing for moments like these for years.
“When you're younger, you're never going out there hitting and say, ‘We're winning 7-0,'” Jelenicki said.
From childhood backyard hitting sessions to Westwood, tight situations have been Jelenicki's calling card. They have two game-ending homers this season, a solo shot off Plain on April 21 to clinch the series against Washington and a Senior Day home run in the regular-season finale against Arizona State, walk-off RBI singles in extra innings that sealed Super Regional victories in 2016 and 2017 and a go-ahead home run in the Women's College World Series in 2015.
The third-seeded Bruins (56-5) might need more magic from the player they call Maddy J as they open their fourth straight World Series appearance against No. 6 Florida State (52-11) on Thursday at 6:30 p.m. PT in Oklahoma City.
“Those are actual easier times to come through because all you're focused on is trying to put the ball in play for the team,” Jelenicki said. “I think it's just being comfortable since I was little and never getting ahead of myself … just trying to do anything I can.”
After starting every game during their junior and sophomore seasons, Jelenicki suddenly found themselves on the bench to start their senior season. As a junior, they were an All-Pac-12 first-team selection who led the team with 69 RBIs and hit a career-high .323.
“She just wasn't cleared at the time,” Inouye-Perez said of Jelenicki's early-season absence. “I credit the team because the team could have definitely been frustrated that such an impactful senior wasn't part of the lineup, but it created an opportunity for different Bruins to be a part of the lineup and step up instead. To add them back was a no-brainer.”
Jelenicki, who missed only two games in their first three years at UCLA, made their season debut April 3 as a pinch hitter against Cal State Northridge, missing most of the nonconference season and the first three Pac-12 series. On the bench for the first time in their career, Jelenicki continued to practice and offer guidance as a senior leader.
“Just being a positive voice and making sure that even though I'm not out there, I was giving that bit of experience and helping any way I can,” Jelenicki said of their role while not playing.
Although they are hitting a career-low .259 in just 28 games, Jelenicki has the third-best slugging percentage on the team at .605, trailing only Aaliyah Jordan and Bubba Nickles.
“Maddy J is just so clutch,” first-year student Briana Perez said. “There's nothing else to really describe her.”
Perez said Jelenicki is “like an older sister,” as the shortstop met Jelenicki years ago through Perez's older sister Kylee, UCLA's senior second baseman. The seniors, along with pitcher Johanna Grauer and Selina Ta'amilo, have led the Bruins to the World Series in every year of their UCLA careers.
Now with just one week left in Jelenicki's college softball career, those around the program expect she'll come up big again for the Bruins as they always have.
“Maddy knows how to win: she's done that at every level and she's continued to do that at UCLA,” Inouye-Perez said. “And I would love nothing more than for this senior class to finish with a national championship.”
WOMEN'S COLLEGE WORLD SERIES
No. 3 UCLA (56-5) vs. No. 6 Florida State (52-11)
When: Thursday, 6:30 p.m. PT
Where: USA Softball Hall of Fame Stadium, Oklahoma City
TV: ESPN2
The Supreme Court has upheld a challenged practice that is used to invalidate patents without the involvement of federal courts.
The justices on Tuesday rejected a bid to strike down a process established by Congress in 2011 to speed up patent reviews.
The justices voted 7-2 in favor of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's patent review process. It has been used to invalidate hundreds of patents since it was established in 2012.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented.
Mr Guerrero was caught selling cocaine alongside McDonald's meals: Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor for the City of New York
A McDonald's manager working the night shift at a restaurant in New York sold cocaine alongside burgers and fries, police allege.
Authorities say Frank Guerrero, 26, was arrested after selling $10,900 (£8,200) worth of the drug to an undercover police officer over the course of eight occasions, at a restaurant in the Soundview area of the Bronx.
At least two times, it is alleged Mr Guerrero placed the cocaine into a bag containing a cookie, which they then concealed in a larger bag with cheeseburgers, fries and a drink.
On one occasion, they sold the drugs to a police officer in the toilets after hiding the cocaine in a soap dispenser, officials said.
The three-month undercover investigation dubbed “Operation Off the Menu” also saw Mr Guerrero make five drug sales in the restaurant's car park, police claim.
Authorities say they seized 200g of cocaine and more than $5,000 in cash from Mr Guerrero's home, which they share with their partner and two-year-old child.
Mr Guerrero, who had worked at McDonald's for eight years, was arrested on Wednesday, along with their partner Cabral Castillo.
Both face charges of criminal possession of a controlled substance and unlawfully dealing with a child. Mr Guerrero also faces numerous counts of criminal sale of a controlled substance.
New York City's special narcotics prosecutor Bridget G Brennan said in a statement: “The conduct was so blatant it would be comical if they weren't committing a serious narcotics crime.
“Ordering coke took on an entirely different meaning on the night shift at this McDonald's.”
We have another jam-packed edition of the Belper News for you this week.
Here are a few of the things you'll find inside...
RECORDING!🔥#WINNER #위너
A post shared by DEE.P of FUTURE BOUNCE (@danpak0603) on Jun 14, 2017 at 5:47am PDT
A crash involving a dump truck and police car on an interstate in Baton Rouge caused heavy delays for drivers Monday morning.
It happened on I-110 South near the Chippewa Street exit around 4:30 a.m.
Investigators reported the dump truck rear-ended a Baton Rouge Police Department unit.
Both the officer and truck driver suffered minor injuries, according to officials. They added both are expected to be okay.
The dump truck was carrying rocks. The crash left piles of them strewn across the interstate. I-110 South had to be closed, leading to major backups for commuters from the northern part of East Baton Rouge Parish trying to make their way to downtown Baton Rouge. The rocks will have to be cleared before 110 re-opens.
The incident is being investigated to determine whether any charges will be filed.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Tesla's Very Bad September: Model 3 Production Falls Far Short
In July, Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk warned that "production hell" was ahead for Tesla's new and long-anticipated Model 3.
They aren't kidding. On Monday, the company said it had only produced 260 Model 3 cars [pictured above] from the start of production in late July through September 30, far short of the 1,500 the company had forecast.
That's bad news for Tesla. The success or failure of the Model 3 could make or break the company.
The is billed as a more affordable alternative to Tesla's luxury Model S and Model X. The company had planned to be churning out 20,000 of them a month by December, and 500,000 a year by the end of 2018.
In a note to investors Monday, Tesla blamed "production bottlenecks" but offered no details.
"It is important to emphasize that there are no fundamental issues with the Model 3 production or supply chain," the company said. "We understand what needs to be fixed and we are confident of addressing the manufacturing bottleneck issues in the near-term."
The company did not say whether It's December or 2018 production forecasts remain on track.
The Model 3 production numbers were included in an investor message, posted online, that touted "our all-time best quarter for Model S and X deliveries." Tesla delivered 25,930 of those cars, up 4.5% over the same quarter last year.
Tesla critics saw little to crow about. Sales of the Model S and Model X have remained in the low to mid-20,000s for the last four quarters, sowing doubts about whether sales growth for those cars is nearly tapped out.
"The most shocking thing about this report isn't even the low Model 3 production number," said Mark Spiegel of Stanphyl Capital. "It's that Model S and X sales were only up 4.5% year-over-year despite massive discounting and before all the luxury EV competition arrives next year from Jaguar and Audi and in 2019 from Mercedes and Porsche. This is supposed to be a hypergrowth company."
Although sales are tiny compared with the major auto companies and Tesla has spent billions in cash without profit, its stock price has exceeded that of Ford and General Motors.
In the last three weeks, however, Tesla's stock is down around 10%. It closed up 43 cents Monday to $341.53 but fell in after-hours trading.
Some workers at the Tesla factory in Fremont, Calif., are attempting to organize a union. State legislation passed in September will force companies that offer state-paid rebates on their electric vehicles to prove their labor practices are fair. The rules on what counts as fair are yet to be written.
The Model 3's stated price ranges from $35,000 to near $60,000, depending on options. The cars now qualify for a $2,500 state rebate and a federal rebate of $7,500. If production reaches Tesla's forecasts, however, the federal subsidies will run out sometime next year.
Tesla has said that more than 350,000 people have paid $1,000 each in refundable deposits to hold a place in line.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Simon Whiteman of Trumbull helped the Yale University baseball team in its sweep at rival Harvard this past weekend.
On Saturday, Whiteman hit their first career home run, a two-run shot.
In their next at bat, Whiteman slugged another two-run homer, as the Bulldogs swept the twin bill.
On Easter Sunday, they hit their third homer of the series, another two-run blast.
A junior, Whiteman is batting .319, .341 in Ivy League play and has the top fielding percentage (.982) for second baseman.
 They are third in the league in stolen bases.
Yale has a 10-2 record, best in the Rolfe Division.
The Bulldogs play Dartmouth this weekend in a four-game set at Yale Field.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — Why did the chicken cross the road? In New Hampshire, the answer may soon cost its owners.
The Legislature is considering a bill that would make trespassing fowl a violation, not for the chicken, but for its owners. Under the proposal, anyone who knowingly, recklessly or negligently allows their domestic fowl to enter someone else's property without permission can be convicted of a violation if the birds damage crops or property.
The law already makes such trespassing illegal when it comes to sheep, goats, cows, horses or pigs.
Republican Rep. Michael Moffett, of Loudon, told a House committee Tuesday that a constituent's frustration with a neighbor's ducks led to the legislation. Committee members raised numerous questions, including whether the proposal would apply to someone whose pond attracts wild ducks.
The stock market has finally found something to fear.
For more than a year, investors have brushed off bombastic talk about nuclear war, dysfunction on Capitol Hill and other worrisome situations. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500 glided to record after record, with few hiccups.
This week, the calm cracked. The stock market finally got spooked by an ongoing sell-off in bonds. As bond prices fall, their yields go up, a signal of rising interest rates. Low interest rates have been an underpinning of the current bull market in stocks, now in its ninth year.
On Friday, the rate on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to a four-year high. The Dow and S&P 500 each lost around 4 percent, their worst week since January 2016. On Friday, the Dow dropped 665 points, or 2.5 percent. Some earnings-related selling in big names such as Apple and Exxon Mobil added to the swoon.
Some investors believe the market can recover, noting that both global economic growth and corporate earnings remain strong. One hallmark of this bull market has been investors' willingness to buy the dips. This week's drop could test their resolve.
Since the Great Recession, ultra-low interest rates have made it easier for businesses and companies to borrow. They also have pushed investors into buying stocks by minimizing the interest payments from bonds.
Rates were due to rise, and investors cast a wary eye on the 10-year Treasury as it rose earlier this year. Those concerns hit a high point on Friday after a U.S. government report said wages last month rose at the fastest pace in eight years.
Bigger paychecks are a welcome sight for workers, but can also signal that inflation is about to pick up across the economy. Inflation has been relatively dormant since the recession. This week, the Federal Reserve said it expects inflation to finally pick up this year.
The Fed could raise interest rates more quickly than investors are prepared for if inflation accelerates at too fast a pace. That could further upset markets, which have seen an unusual lack of volatility for more than a year. After Friday's jobs report, some economists raised their forecast for Fed rate increases this year to four from three.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury climbed to 2.84 percent Friday from 2.79 percent late Thursday and from 2.41 percent at the start of the year. It's at its highest level since 2014.
"We are rapidly approaching the point at which low rates will no longer provide support to the equity market," said Eric Winograd, senior U.S. economist at AllianceBernstein.
Those concerns echoed worldwide. Other markets around the world were similarly weak as interest rates climbed. The German DAX index lost 4.2 percent over the week, and South Korea's Kospi index lost 1.9 percent.
Investors have cited low interest rates are one reason they've continued to buy stocks, even as prices rose faster than corporate earnings. By that measure, the price-earnings ratio, the S&P 500 is close to the most expensive it's been in many years, adjusted for inflation.
Higher interest rates tend to make investors less willing to pay high price-earnings ratios. Hence all the focus on exactly how many times the Fed will raise rates this year.
Still, many fund managers and analysts say they're optimistic stocks can keep rising, even if interest rates continue to climb. As long as inflation doesn't spike out of control, stocks can rise if earnings continue to grow.
Many analysts expect earnings to keep growing because of the strength in the global economy. Few economists see a recession striking anytime soon.
The strengthening economy is translating into not only stronger profits for companies but also better sales, something that investors have been keen to see. Roughly half the companies in the S&P 500 have given updates on their performance for the last three months of 2017, and 79 percent of them have reported stronger revenue for the quarter than analysts expected, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. That compares with 67 percent a quarter earlier.
What makes this past week's market drop particularly noticeable for investors is how rare a decline has been for stocks. Before Friday, the last time the S&P 500 index fell 2 percent in a day was in September 2016.
But historically, pullbacks for stocks are normal, and investors shouldn't be surprised if stocks drop by 5 percent or even 10 percent before they begin rising again.
The S&P 500 still has not experienced a decline of 5 percent in roughly 400 trading days, even after this past week's 3.9 percent drop. That's a record number of days. Going back to 1929, the average was 92 days, according to Goldman Sachs.
Or, as Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said: "Markets go up and down, not just up."
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan council of 100 prominent clerics has condemned the militant attacks that have killed scores across the country this month.
Qyamuddin Kashaf, chief of the clerical council, told the clerical gathering held on Tuesday in Kabul that suicide attacks target only the innocent.
They said suicide bombings are against Islam and against humanity. After the conference, the clerics lined up to donate blood to the hundreds of injured in Kabul hospitals.
But the clerics refused to discuss the Taliban and the rival Islamic State extremist group and would not comment on President Donald Trump's statement in which they ruled out peace talks with the Taliban.
Trump on Monday railed against "atrocities" in Afghanistan and the United States would not engage in any future talks with the Taliban.
Good morning New York City!
Happy Saturday as well! Today is the brighter half of the weekend albeit the colder half. We start off frigid this morning, almost dangerous! Temperatures are ranging from the single digits to about 20° across the Tri-state.
We start off around 15° here in New York City, and when we pair that with the wind, it will feel like 0 to 5° above. If you live in the Hudson Valley expect temps to be around zero and feel below zero. We warm up to near 30° by afternoon in the city and you're not getting out of the twenties to the north and west.
Sunday starts with the cold air in place. Precipitation makes its way to the area and it starts as a little bit of snow. Then a warm front comes up from the south with a good slug of rain and temperatures into the 40s. So by Sunday afternoon, Super Bowl Sunday, it turns wet for most people. Check the latest maps for updates on the system.
Have a great weekend. G.
By KEN THOMAS and HOPE YEN
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump named the chief of staff of the Department of Veterans Affairs to lead the agency on an acting basis on Wednesday while the president's nominee awaits Senate confirmation.
The White House said Trump had designated Peter O'Rourke to serve as acting VA secretary, effective Tuesday. Trump tapped acting VA Secretary Robert Wilkie to serve as permanent secretary earlier this month.
Wilkie has led the VA since Trump fired David Shulkin in March amid an ethics scandal. Trump then turned to Ronny Jackson, the Navy doctor who had been their personal physician, but Jackson withdrew following questions about their professionalism. Wilkie, a former Pentagon undersecretary, cannot run the agency on an acting basis while they await Senate confirmation.
The VA is the federal government's second-largest agency with 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans. Democrats have said they plan to question Wilkie on whether they plan to "privatize" or degrade the VA health system, an issue that Shulkin says led to their ouster.
O'Rourke, a veteran of the Navy and Air Force, previously served as the head of the VA's new accountability office, which is charged with helping enforce the new law making it easier to fire employees. Their appointment by Trump bypassed the No. 2 official at VA, Tom Bowman, who has come under criticism at the White House for being too moderate to push Trump's agenda of fixing veterans' care.
Previously a member of Trump's transition team, O'Rourke is viewed by the White House as a trusted official amid political infighting at the department. They took over as the No. 3 official at VA in February after the former chief of staff stepped down over findings by the VA inspector general that they misled VA ethics officials to help secure a free 11-day trip to Europe for Shulkin's wife.
When O'Rourke took over the chief of staff position, the VA issued a statement that their presence will ensure VA leadership works closely with the White House going forward.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In this photo released by the Kremlin Press service via Sputnik agency, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during an undated recording of their annual televised New Year's message in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, . President Vladimir Putin invoked a bit of seasonal enchantment in their New Year's Eve remarks to the nation. The recorded message was being televised just before midnight Saturday in each of Russia's nine time zones. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Kremlin Press Service, Sputnik, via AP)
MOSCOW (AP) — A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of New Year's Eve, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children to see the holiday tree in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (AP) — Mominul Haque hit 175 not out as Bangladesh took the upper-hand Wednesday in the first test against Sri Lanka, ending Day 1 on 374-4.
Mushfiqur Rahim missed a century by eight runs, being out on 92 toward the end of the day's play, but they and Mominul combined for a national record of 236 runs for the third wicket.
It was Bangladesh's highest score on Day 1 of any test, eclipsing 365-8 scored against the West Indies in Khulna in 2012. Opener Tamim Iqbal chipped in with 52.
Mominul's fifth century bolstered Bangladesh's position after Tamim gave the side a solid start on a placid deck.
Tamim launched Bangladesh's innings in aggressive style, hitting pace bowler Lahiru Kumara for three boundaries in succession in the second over of the day.
Tamim and fellow opener Imrul Kayes shared 72 runs in only 16 overs.
The opener reached their 25th 50 off only 46 balls and looked solid until off-spinner Dilruwan Perera crashed their stump with a quicker one. Tamim hit six fours and one straight six off Perera's bowling.
Kayes made 40, before Sandakan had them leg-before on the stroke of the lunch.
But the momentum that Tamim gave, Mominul didn't let it go. Together with Mushfiqur, they kept Sri Lanka frustrated throughout the second session.
They were fluent and took only 96 balls to reach their fifth century, which was the second fastest ton for Bangladesh after Tamim Iqbal, who made a 94-ball century against England at Lords in 2010.
In contrast, Rahim was slow in approach but gave Mominul strong support.
Just when it looked like Bangladesh would end the day without losing a further wicket, Suranga Lakmal dealt a double blow in consecutive deliveries to remove Rahim and Liton Das.
Rahim's 92 came off 192 balls, including 10 boundaries.
Captain Mahmudullah and Mominul then saw off the day without any trouble, with the former ending the day on nine.
Lakmal claimed 2-43, while Perera and Sandakan picked up one wicket apiece.
A Russian group that hacked the Democratic National Committee during last year's presidential election are now targeting Macs, according to security firm Bitedefender Labs (via Macworld). APT28—also known as Sofacy, Sednit APT, and other names—has been developing malware that targets Macs and gives the Russians remote access to those Macs.
Bitedefender published a PDF about APT28 explaining what is known about the group's identity and operations for those curious about them.
Mac Malware
The malware Bitedefender found is a variant of Xagent, or X-Agent, a previously known malware on Windows and Linux. Bitedefender traced similarities in the code that tied the variant to APT28, and said it is being distributed through Komplex installer, a known trojan.
According to the company:
Once successfully installed, the backdoor checks if a debugger is attached to the process. If it detects one, it terminates itself to prevent execution. Otherwise, it waits for an Internet connection before initiating communication with the C&C servers. After the communication has been established, the payload starts the modules. Our preliminary analysis shows most of the C&C URLs impersonate Apple domains. Once connected to the C&C, the payload sends a HelloMessage, then spawns two communication threads running in infinite loops. The former uses POST requests to send information to the C&C, while the latter monitors GET requests for commands.
Surveillance
Once installed, the malware can grab a list of running processes and run additional files. It can also grab desktop screenshots and harvest browser passwords.
“But the most important module, from an intelligence-gathering perspective,” the company said, “is the one that allows the operator(s) to exfiltrate iPhone backups stored on a compromised Mac.”
Be Careful
All of which means there's a nasty bit of malware out there. Don't install anything from a source you don't know.
A century ago, it was one of the biggest names in retail. Now, even Sears officials say its future could be in doubt — though they say they have plans to make sure the retail icon survives.
Nancy Koehn with the Harvard Business School says in its early days — Sears Roebuck and Co. was like Amazon is today — a retailer of great disruption.
For Sears, it meant a path-breaking strategy of offering all sorts of merchandise in catalogs and building department stores in remote places with ample parking.
"It wasn't the Internet, but it was the same idea that no matter where you are you can touch and feel and imagine what these different products could mean in your life by virtue of an outreach, a distribution channel that an imaginative and gutsy retailer — in this case Sears — had created and then invested in and then enlarged," Koehn says.
Elgin, Ill., about 40 miles northwest of Chicago, is one town where Sears' innovation is clearly visible. Drive through the streets of one neighborhood and more than likely there will be a Sears Roebuck mail order kit house on one of the lots.
Dr. Rebecca Hunter, an architectural historian, stands on the porch of one of them — an arts and crafts style bungalow listed as "The Osborne" in the Sears catalog. It's one of about 200 Sears homes in Elgin.
"It's a phenomenon that gained popularity in the 1920s," Hunter says. "Mostly your framing boards were cut at the mill and numbered so that your builder would know how to put them together."
Between 1908 and 1940, Sears sold blueprints and approximately 70,000 pre-cut kit houses. It was a small part of the company's booming business. Sears' stature is far smaller these days amid a constantly changing retail landscape which brought with it the dominance of Amazon, the rise of e-commerce and big-box discount retailers.
It's left brick-and-mortar stores reeling. Despite its merger with Kmart in 2005, Sears has consistently lost millions of dollars each quarter.
The retailer has closed hundreds of stores, slashed jobs and sold off key assets like the Lands' End clothing line and its legendary Craftsman brand — although both brands continue to be sold at Sears. Independent retail analyst Sucharita Mulpuru says these changes haven't worked.
"There are just so many onerous forces relating to competition," they say. "I think that no matter what they do, they are fighting a losing battle."
In a memo, CEO Eddie Lampert says Sears is taking decisive action to return to profitability and to become a new kind of retailer. Some analysts accuse Lampert of sucking the value out of the company, selling off its most marketable assets. Then there's that line in Sears' recent annual report to federal regulators — which states "substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern."
But Leena Munjal, a Sears senior vice president in charge of retail operations, says that reports of the company's demise are exaggerated.
"Do we have challenges? Absolutely," they say. "Just like many of the retailers out there and we are all trying to figure out what are the changes we need to make to our business models to be able to rise to those challenges."
Sears' transformation plan includes a membership program called Shop Your Way. Customers collect points they can redeem when they shop at Sears. The company's also worked on ways to make it more convenient for customers to shop online, or on their phones.
The Sears at Woodfield Mall, about 30 miles northwest of Chicago, is huge. There are clothes, fitness equipment and aisles of gleaming appliances. Carla and Jeremy Lang push their twin 18-month-old sons in a stroller while looking at ovens and stoves. Carla Lang says they've heard about the store's financial troubles.
"We've read stuff online that they may be closing stores and what not, but we still come here," they say. "It's close by, and like I said we've had success with purchasing things."
There are others though, loyal past shoppers, who haven't been in a Sears for years. Susan Mullen has fond memories of the store, but says she's not sure Sears' efforts to transform itself will work.
"It fits no niche. It's not a discount place. It's not high end," Mullen says. "It has no identity anymore. I guess it tried to be everything to everybody and it was very successful at that. But now it's nothing to nobody, which is sad."
But Munjal says that as a company with more than $20 billion in sales, Sears is still important to many and they invite former customers to give the company another chance while it implements changes. It's all part of the effort to counter the predictions of a slow death for Sears, while bolstering the reputation of a company that's been in business for more than a century.
This week most series are wrapping up with fall finales, but the biggest TV show making its exit is Mr. Robot. While we wait for the new Star Wars flick this weekend, movie fans can check out Dunkirk via video on-demand services or Moonlight on 4K Blu-ray. On streaming, Netflix is back with season two of its worldwide reality TV show Ultimate Beastmaster. For gamers, Okami HD will be available Xbox One and PS4, and Yooka-Laylee is coming to Switch while PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds availability on Xbox One begins Tuesday morning at 2 AM ET. Look after the break to check out each day's highlights, including trailers and let us know what you think (or what we missed).
Motherboard flagged some of the posts and alerted Facebook to the issue. A few of the posts were removed today. "We work hard to keep your account secure and safeguard your personal information," a Facebook spokesperson told Motherboard. "Posts containing information like social security numbers or credit card information are not allowed on Facebook, and we remove this material when we become aware of it. We are constantly working to improve these efforts, and we encourage our community to report anything they see that they don't think should be in Facebook, so we can take swift action."
"On their end it's pure laziness to wait for an abuse report to stop posts that are following a doxing template," digital security trainer Matt Mitchell told Motherboard. And Facebook's reliance on user flagging to spot inappropriate content came up frequently during Mark Zuckerberg's Congressional hearings earlier this month.
Further, this isn't the first time Facebook has been caught allowing illicit sales on its platform. In 2016, it apologized for a "technical issue" that allowed users to sell illegal items like drugs, guns and baby hedgehogs on Marketplace. And while Facebook changed its community guidelines in 2016, banning person-to-person gun sales, enforcing those rules turned out to be a challenge for the company.
Image: Motherboard
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Asia
Adaptive reuse, or the restoration of a historic property into usable real estate, has grown in popularity among Houston developers looking for space in an increasingly dense inner Loop. But not all of these projects are created equal, and there's more nuance to a successful renovation project than simply stumbling upon a a unique building and turning it into a bar, Houston developers and brokers said.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
As you'd expect from the latest flagships, both flavors of Mi 8 come with Qualcomm's powerful Snapdragon 845 chipset plus 6GB of RAM, with the normal edition offering up to 256GB of storage, and the other with just 1238GB. They carry a 6.21-inch 2,248 x 1,080 AMOLED screens with 600-nit brightness, and it takes up a good 86.68 percent of the front side, leaving a small chin at the bottom.
The Mi 8 is also the world's first smartphone to support dual-frequency GPS: By leveraging the newer, more powerful L5 band on top of the common L1 band, Xiaomi claims that navigation accuracy is three to five times higher.
As mentioned, the Mi 8 models have dual-12-megapixel main cameras with large 1.4um pixel sites, along with a 20-megapixel front camera that uses pixel binning to combine four pixels to one, in order to simulate the efficiency of 1.8µm pixels. These are enhanced by Xiaomi's AI-enabled studio lighting -- very much like those offered on the iPhone X -- as well as the latest beautification software for prettier portraits.
Last but not least, Xiaomi also unveiled the Mi 8 SE for those with budget in mind. This happens to be the first device to be powered by Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 710 chipset, which is designed for better battery life -- so the 3,120 mAh cell should be plenty -- while still offering AI features. It has a 12MP/5MP dual camera on the back, and a 20-megapixel selfie camera on the other side. This model starts at 1,799 yuan or about $280.
Developing...
Fairfield Warde defeated St. Joseph, 5-3 in FCIAC baseball action on Monday.
Warde's Zach McKay allowed three first-inning runs and then shut out the Cadets over the next six frames for the Mustangs (1-6, 1-2 FCIAC).
Warde's Max Lee had two hits, including a home run.
Ryan Donnelly had an RBI single.
Charlie Pagliarini and Jimmy Evans each hit home runs for St. Joseph (4-3, 2-2 FCIAC).
Jake DeLeo had two hits.
The ‘Stars Over Wisconsin' shined brightly on Wednesday night in Madison as four FFA members where recognized with the highest awards a student can win at the state-level during the 88th Wisconsin FFA Convention.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Crucially, the driver never gets a special code or key, so they won't have access to your vehicle beyond a given delivery. Amazon also checks that the driver is in the right location and carrying the right package. You shouldn't have to worry about a malicious driver using this as an excuse to swipe your ride.
The service is live for Prime subscribers in 37 cities around the US, and doesn't carry an extra charge. As with existing options like Key and Prime Now, Amazon isn't shy about its strategy here: it wants to be the fastest and most convenient option for your orders, particularly when you can't be home. And there's plenty of competitive pressure to do this -- Walmart has been speeding up its own delivery process, and it won't be surprising if in-car deliveries quickly become more than a novelty.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
IBM and Sony Set Data Storage Record: 330 TB on Tiny Tape Cartridge
Researchers with IBM and Sony have achieved a record data storage density on magnetic tape, packing a small cartridge with 330 terabytes of data, more than 28 times as much information as today's leading commercial technologies can hold.
Their findings, published last month, are good news for cloud services providers that find themselves having to back up and store ever-expanding volumes of information from big data applications ranging to scientific research to security and surveillance videos.
The prototype system developed by IBM and Sony can support data storage densities of 201.4 GB per square inch, compared to state-of-the-art tape drives that hold between 5 GB and 7 GB per square inch. IBM said this is the company's fifth data storage record-breaker since 2006.
Opens Door for a Decade of Further Improvement
"Foremost, this really demonstrates the potential to continue scaling tape technology basically at historical rates of doubling the cartridge capacity every two years for at least the next 10 years," said IBM exploratory tape scientist Mark Lantz (pictured above) in a YouTube video published today by IBM Research. "It allows customers to preserve their data in a cost-effective manner."
The prototype developed by IBM and Sony uses sputtered magnetic tape to store data. Sputtering involves coating the storage medium with several nanometer-thin layers of different conducting materials, including a five-nanometer overcoat of diamond-like carbon.
"Magnetic tape systems are currently the most cost-effective solution for the storage of large volumes of infrequently accessed data," the researchers wrote in a paper published July 19 in IEEE Transactions on Magnetics. "However, for tape systems to remain competitive, it is essential to maintain this cost advantage by continuing to scale areal density." They added their successful prototype demonstrates "the viability of continuing to scale the tape roadmap for another decade."
'Potential Is Huge'
IBM's previous magnetic tape data storage record, set in 2014, achieved a density of 85.9 billion bits of data per square inch. By contrast, this latest advance pushes that past 201 billion bits of data per square inch.
"Cloud is really one of the growing use cases of tape technology both as a kind of backup application to preserve data that's stored on other technologies in the cloud but also as an archival tier for cold data which is not very frequently accessed," Lantz said in today's YouTube video. "The potential is huge to continue scaling tape for many more years beyond what we've been able to show today."
While magnetic tape remains a go-to storage medium for data centers and other big data applications, researchers are also exploring a number of other potential technologies to keep up with a volume of digital information that is doubling every two years.
In March, for example, a U.S. research team demonstrated a technology that could store data on DNA at a density of 215 petabytes per gram -- in theory, enough to store all of the information humans have ever generated in the space of a single room.
Image credit: IBM Research.
20:33 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Rabbis call The Forward 'an embarrassment to Jewish journalism' Read more The left-wing Jewish newspaper had called the leader of the Zionist Organization of America a "bigger threat" to Jews than Linda Sarsour and the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions.
In an executive order issued on Monday, President Donald Trump declared illegal all transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies, coins or tokens. The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction. The move follows the introduction this month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
In the executive order, Trump said it was an "attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions" imposed for democratic backsliding. The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions.
Transcript for Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson welcomes baby girl Tiana
And hi to Lara with "Pop news." Hi, robin. Hi, George and Michael and everybody in the audience. We'll begin with a chip off the old rock. The tiny little pebble if you will in it photo posted by Dwayne Johnson. Oh. Welcoming Tiana Gia Johnson. They write, I was raised and surrounded by loving strong women all my life but after participating in baby tia's delivery it's hard to express the new level of love, respect and admiration I have for Lauren and all mommas and women out there.  They are the second child for Dwayne and longtime love Lauren hashian and wish the whole family all the best from your families at "Gma." Beautiful. Congratulations. And music lovers, listen up. Phenomenal news for prince fans. "Variety" revealing a full new album of unreleased prince material is many cogs and soon. The caretakers of their estate say it will come from a specific time in their ten-decade career but they won't reveal when that period is at this point. Please "Little red corvette." Please, "Little red con vet." After the success of last week's release of "Nothing compares to you" and this never before seen of them in the studio from 1984, the prince team decided they should probably give the fans something else this year and so they will. This new album reportedly dropping September 28th. Look for that. Good. There is a lot. Yes, prolific. And then finally actor Sarah Jessica parker in the news. She's made fashion a full-fledged second career and now they are launching their own bridal collection. The "Sex and the city" star created a line of wedding dress, bodysuit, skirts, jumpsuits and more all in an assortment of colors not just white and crime for a modern day wedding look. Parker telling page 6 they intended on their line being usable outside of just that special occasion. I think that's a great idea. They insisted on a large rank of sizes making it easy for anyone to enjoy their designs. The bridal collection is called sjp by Sara Jessica parker bridal comes out emotionally on gilt then as they "Pop news."
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AP photo
If Russia delivers South Kuril Islands to Japan, they will fall under obligations of the United States in accordance with the fifth article of the Japanese-US treaty of mutual cooperation and security guarantees, the head of the Foreign Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida said. In a nutshell, the USA will have to protect the islands like the entire territory of Japan, RIA Novosti reports.
In 2016, it was reported that Russia deployed Bastion systems on the Kuril Islands - Iturup and Kunashir. Missile complexes Bal were also deployed on the islands. The systems will monitor Russian territorial waters, straits and protect naval bases. Experts said that the deployment of state-of-the-art missile systems on the Kuril Islands signalled Russia's determination to retain the territory.
On February 14, Japan sent a note of protest to Russia after the latter named previously unnamed islands of the Kuril chain. Tokyo disputes the territorial affiliation of some of those islands, Kyodo news agency reported citing Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yosihida Sugu.
Earlier, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree to name five islands of the Kuril chain. The islands were named after Russia's prominent generals and statesmen: Lieutenant General Derevianko, Lieutenant General Gnechko, statesman and diplomat Gromyko, statesman and Governor Farkhutdinov and sea captain Shchetinina.
"It does not meet the position of our country and raises extreme regret. We sent a note of protest to Russia via diplomatic channels on February 13," said Yosihida Sugu.
Pravda.Ru asked director of the Center for Japanese Studies at the Institute of Far Eastern Studies Valery Kistanov to comment on Japan's most recent statements.
"Japan has been generating unprecedented media hype over the Kuril Islands lately. What is the purpose of this activity?"
"If they become part of Japanese territory, if Russia delivers, or returns, as the Japanese say, those islands to Japan, they will fall under the effect of the Japan-US Security Treaty. If someone tries to encroach on the territorial integrity of Japan, the United States will come to help Japan in accordance with the fifth article of the treaty. The treaty will work this way if Japan controls these territories.
"You know that there is a dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea. Those islands are controlled by Japan, and Japan considers them its own territory. China believes that those islands were illegally seized by Japan before WWII. According to China, Japan should return the islands. The islands fall under the fifth article of the US-Japanese security treaty. Should China try to seize the islands, the US will arrive to help Japan. As for South Kuril Islands, they remain under Russia's control. Therefore, should a military conflict arise between Russia and Japan, the USA will not be obliged to come to Japan's rescue. This is a fundamental difference."
"Does it mean that the delivery of South Kuril Islands is excluded?"
"As they say, never say never. But if Russia delivers the islands under the sovereignty of Japan, they will fall under the security treaty between Japan and the United States. In this case, the USA will be able to build army bases there or radar stations - anything. Japan still lacks independence in its foreign policy, and the American influence is the key there."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Nigerian Soldier Kill 21 Boko Haram Suspects, Rescue 1623 in Borno – Army
Troops on clearance operations on Monday at Jarawa village in Kala Balge Local Government Area of Borno, rescued 1,623 captives held by remnants of Boko Haram terrorists after they neutralised 21 terrorists in a battle, an official said.
According to a statement issued by the army spokesperson, Sani Usman, the troops also recovered 3 AK-47 Rifles with registration numbers 565222414, 563729686 and UF 3646, a 36 hand grenade, 12 cutlasses and four motorcycles.
“The rescued persons have been escorted to Rann Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) Camp, while all the children were vaccinated,” Mr. Usman, a brigadier general said.
They said the troops of 3 Battalions, 22 Brigades also cleared terrorists from Deima, Artano, Saduguma, Duve, Bardo, Kala, Bok, Msherde and Ahirde settlements, based on tip off.
“One significant aspect of this operation is that the unit noted for its experience in battle, resilience and bravery did not record any casualty,” the army spokesperson said.
NAN
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Nigerian Soldier Kill 21 Boko Haram Suspects, Rescue 1623 in Borno – Army appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Today the London Review of Books publishes a 60,000 word investigation into the Grenfell Tower fire. Written by Andrew O'Hagan, the piece draws on more than one million words of interview notes and ten months' research to chronicle the tragedy. O'Hagan told the Today programme this morning:
“Like most people I came to this with an incredible sense of anger and dismay… there seemed to be so much editorialising going on from the beginning, from the very first hours of the fire people wanted faces on a wanted poster… much of that understandable dismay and anger, it couldn't stand up alongside all the evidence… people wanted accusation to stand for evidence in this case, to call out the leader and the deputy leader of the council as being somehow patently responsible for this, it didn't at all stand up to the evidence… people are away with the fairies if they think that people who work for councils in housing hate the poor… the evidence goes the other way, the council responded as well as they could under tremendously difficult circumstances.”
The report raises questions over the responses of the emergency services, especially the fire brigade's ‘stay put' policy. The Public Inquiry into Grenfell is ongoing. The immediate, crude politicisations of the disaster are unraveling…
It was April 2012, and I was standing outside a Brooklyn subway station, handing out fliers for the May 1 general strike. Organizers were calling on employees to refuse to go to work and for students to refuse to go to school. We were urging everybody to gather in the streets instead for a festival of resistance and to demand economic justice.
“Just try running this city without our labor.”
Our fliers said “No work, no school,” and we meant it. We knew that getting even 5 percent of the city's workers and students to strike would show the 99 percent's willingness to walk away from an economy that exploited them. “Just try running this city without our labor,” we wanted to say.
But when May Day came around, we found most businesses bustling. Shopping and banking went on without a hitch. Even though thousands of people in cities across the United States participated, our organizing just hadn't been strong enough to make a dent in business as usual.
Today, there are new calls for strikes in response to the actions of the Trump administration. The novelist Francine Prose published the first of these at the Guardian website. “Let's designate a day on which no one (that is, anyone who can do so without being fired) goes to work, a day when no one shops or spends money, a day on which we truly make our economic and political power felt,” they wrote. Shortly after that, the creator behind the TV show The Wire, David Simon, suggested the date of Feb. 17 on Twitter. “No one spends, no one produces,” Simon tweeted in response to a critic. “The metric they understand is profit.”
Organizers quickly put together a website and are organizing local events in almost every state via a Google doc. This strike has two specific demands, according to its website, both of which ask members of Congress to stand up for the U.S. Constitution.
But Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
A group of women authors, including civil rights leader Angela Davis, is calling for a second strike on March 8. This one is less focused on Trump and more on building “a feminism for the 99 percent” and maintaining the momentum from the Women's March on Jan. 21, in which as many as 5 million people took the streets.
“The idea is to mobilize women, including trans women, and all who support them in an international day of struggle—a day of striking, marching, blocking roads, bridges, and squares, abstaining from domestic, care and sex work, boycotting, calling out misogynistic politicians and companies, striking in educational institutions,” the organizers wrote.
And there is even talk of another strike date on May 1, with organizing just getting started.
Will the results of these new strikes add up to more than the one I worked on in 2012?
There is some evidence that they just might. But, even if they don't, the currently planned strikes offer the people a chance to practice a political tool that has recently helped Europeans push back against far-right governments and austerity. Americans who oppose Trump's government would do well to learn that history and to think about how large-scale strikes could work here.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues.
First of all, organizers are looking carefully at Europe, where unions and other groups have staged 63 general strikes between 2000 and 2016. These strikes “caused governments to change or drop the proposals that had provoked the strike” an impressive 42 percent of the time, according to an analysis in the Washington Post. The most successful strikes were ones that opposed economic legislation affecting large swaths of the population, such as bills to cut pensions.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues. Just a few months ago, millions of women and male allies in Poland boycotted work and school and spent Oct. 3 in the streets. They were striking against a proposed anti-abortion bill that would have criminalized nearly any termination of a pregnancy—including in cases of rape and incest. In response, Poland's conservative government walked back the bill.
Meanwhile, this year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity. The March 8 strike in particular is taking a tack different from Occupy, and the results could be exciting. In addition to drawing inspiration from that history, the organizing for the March 8 strike is led by women of color. That's affecting their approach in ways that seem likely to broaden participation.
Tithi Battacharya is a professor at Purdue University and one of the co-authors of the March 8 call to strike. They don't call it a “general strike” because anti-striking laws and low union density currently block that possibility—and retaliation against strikers would likely hit vulnerable women of color the hardest. They prefer the term “mass strike,” a notion that's designed to be more inclusive: “We are calling for demonstrations, walk-outs, sex strikes: a range of actions that will be a show of collective resistance by women, which will take different forms depending on the local context.”
This year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity.
Battacharya reported that she's been in talks with the organizers of the general strike called for Feb. 17, as well as those behind the Jan. 21 Women's March. A number of others are considering adding their support, including the Chicago Teachers Union, leaders affiliated with Black Lives Matter, and several groups that advocate for the rights of Palestinians.
Large feminist organizations are also interested in the plan. “The National Organization for Women's methods have always included direct actions, like marching and striking,” said Terry O'Neill, the group's president. They confirmed that their organization, which reaches hundreds of thousands of people, will work to bring them out for the March 8 women's strike. They can't describe the details just yet—her staff of nine has been busy with efforts to fight Donald Trump's cabinet nominations—but they say much of the work will be carried out by the organization's local chapters, which operate autonomously.
“At this moment, direct action, general strike, talking to your neighbors about the white supremacist agenda of the Trump administration and the Republicans in Congress—that's the way to get the word out,” O'Neill said.
A recent piece by Alex Gourevitch in Jacobin pointed to the bloody history of traditional general strikes in the United States, which provoked harsh, militarized reactions from the government. Gourevitch concludes that today's organizers are trying to “leapfrog all the hard, long-term political work” and are “severely disconnected from reality.”
A traditional general strike is out of reach.
Gourevitch is right that a traditional general strike is out of reach. But the organizers of the March 8 strike are acutely aware of that fact, and are looking to women's uprisings for another way forward. The Polish women's strike never seriously attempted to shut down all commerce across the country. It was more like a giant march in which participants across the country boycotted work and school wherever they could—and a number of large companies shut down in solidarity. That turned out to be enough to help defeat the right-wing government's abortion ban.
Of course, it's possible that we in the United States just aren't angry enough to follow in their footsteps. The Trump administration, after all, has not asked Congress for a blanket ban on abortion like the one that led to the Polish women's strike. And we haven't seen cuts to social programs like the ones that led to many other general strikes in Europe—at least not yet.
Still, activists were able to bring out as many as 5 million people for the Women's March last month. If just a fraction of those millions join in on Feb. 17 and March 8, people in this country may learn how to get their strike on again—in a way that makes sense in this moment and centers those with the most to lose. The best way to start is to show up on Friday ready to learn.
On Thursday Dec 7, St. Catharines Standard reporter Bill Sawchuk was removed from the Regional Municipality of Niagara building by regional staff, who unlawfully seized their computer and their notes. The story caught the attention of journalists, press freedom associations, and Canadians from Vancouver to Moncton. You can find all of our coverage on the story on this page.
Niagara Region seizes reporter's notes, computer
CAO apologizes for “inconvenience” to reporter
Region's seizure of computer seen as attack on the press
Minister, Ombudsman called upon in Standard matter
Councillors confused by incident with media
Caslin issues personal apology to reporter
LETTER: Freedom of press a charter right
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly | Parenting Should Pregnant Mothers Fast? There are loads of myths and misconception that surrounds fasting mothers – do you know which are true? We...
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A Saudi-led coalition says rebels in Yemen have fired a missile at an Emirati ship, causing no damage but wounding one sailor.
A statement early Thursday carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency said rebels fired on the ship as it left Mokha, a strategic Red Sea port.
Saudi-led forces began their war in Yemen in March 2015, battling Shiite rebels known as Houthis who hold the capital, Sanaa, with their allies.
Emirati ships have been targeted before in the conflict. The attack Wednesday also comes after an international naval coalition said it would increase its patrols of waters off Yemen over concerns about attacks on ships there.
The Gulf of Aden and Bab el-Mandeb off Yemen are two crucial areas for shippers transiting the Suez Canal.
By Staff on April 14, 2014
In 2005, Internews conducted its first digital safety training seminar, with journalists in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Since then, Internews has trained and collaborated with hundreds of journalists and bloggers around the world on digital security issues, according to a story on its website.
They have been learning the lessons of rapidly-changing technology in the work and craft of journalism. The challenges of staying safe and secure online while keeping sources and data safe are now the new reality for media workers everywhere.
“SaferJourno: Digital Security Resources for Media Trainers” builds on Internews' global work and experience. The toolkit is a free and open-source, step-by-step training resource in six parts for media trainers on digital safety and online security. Leading the toolkit is the trainer's guide, which walks journalism trainers through the adult learning approach used in the modules and provides tips and planning techniques. The six modules include Assessing Digital Risks, Avoiding Malware, Keeping Data Safe, Researching Securely, Keeping Email Safe and Mobile Phone Safety.
The toolkit was developed with the expertise of Manisha Aryal and Dylan Jones, both experts within the increasingly overlapping fields of journalism and cybersafety.
“Raising awareness about the inherent risks of using digital tools must be followed with a curriculum that provides skills to minimize these risks,” said Aryal.
“It's time to think about safety skills as an integral part of journalism,” Jones added. “This project will make safety information more accessible to journalists and the people who train them.”
The toolkit was field-tested in Nairobi, Kenya with broadcast, print and online journalism trainers from Africa – all having little to no previous experience with privacy software. The curriculum was then peer-reviewed by some of the leading experts in the digital security community and their feedback was incorporated into the final product.
SaferJourno will be formally launched in Washington D.C. on May 1, in advance of World Press Freedom Day. Details on the May event, as well as how to participate, will be released shortly.
Stay updated on at SaferJourno or by following on Twitter @SaferJourno
A mysterious object was discovered near the site, where tourists died when trying to cross the Dyatlov Pass. Amateur radio engineer and researcher of paranormal phenomena Valentin Degtyarev believes that the structure that was found on the site may have a connection with the tragedy that took place there in the winter of 1959.
It goes about a construction 25-30 meters long and 10-15 meters wide. The construction was found at a distance of ten kilometers from the site, when a group of tourists died in 1959. The construction, Degtyarev believes, could be a part of a bunker that had been built in the Ural mountains during the times of the Cold War.
The researcher assumes that the group of tourists could find themselves on the pass the day when neutron weapons were tested. This may explain the presence of radioactive substances on the clothes of one of the victims. The death of the tourists could be a reason, for which the tests were wrapped up. The underground building was blown up and mothballed. The upper part of the bunker is still visible on satellite images.
The Dyatlov Pass is considered to be one of the most mysterious areas of tourist routes in the Urals. In February 1959, nine skiers of a tourist club were killed near Mount Otorten under unclear circumstances. Igor Dyatlov was the leader of the group. The bodies that were subsequently found on the site shocked forensic experts: most of the people froze to death, whereas traces on the bodies of other victims indicated that they had died violent deaths.
The pass was named in memory of the tourist group led by Igor Dyatlov. Some researchers believe that the tourists died as a result of an explosion of a ballistic missile.
According to ex-governor of the Sverdlovsk region, Senator Eduard Rossel, the tragedy on the Dyatlov Pass still remains strictly classified information.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on реу Russian version of Pravda.Ru
DOBSON — In many ways, this was the type of soccer match that one team is just glad it won.
Surry Central peppered the East Surry goal with shots during Monday night's non-conference match between the two schools, but the Lady Eagles were denied most of the evening, thanks to their own errant shooting and a determined effort by Haley Noel, the Lady Cardinals' inexperienced keeper.
Ultimately, Central managed to pull out a 1-0 victory on a goal by Joley Cabe in the 45th minute, and the Lady Eagles were happy to take the result.
“I think we had some chances that we didn't capitalize on, but the bottom line is that we're all happy we got a win,” said Surry Central had coach Matt Richardson. “We've continued to work hard through some tough games and practices, and they earned it today.”
East Surry head coach Neal Oliver thought their team had let a chance steal one get away, but the Lady Cardinals had a much more pressing concern than that. In the 58th minute, midfielder Christina Chavez, who made All-Region a year ago, went down with a hamstring injury and had to be carted off the field. The extent of their injury wasn't known by the end of the game, but the young Lady Cardinals have to hope she's not out for long.
“We don't know how serious it is,” said Oliver, who received well-wishes for their sophomore standout from several Central supporters and even one of the referees. “We're hoping it's just a strain, but it may be a tear.”
Right after the halftime break, Chavez nearly put the underdogs into the lead. In the 44th minute, they broke down down the middle of the field and outran the Central defenders for a direct challenge against Lady Eagle keeper Alea Doby. Doby wasn't challenged often in this match, but they rose to the occasion here. Chavez drilled a hard shot from no more than 10 yards away, and Doby got their hands up on the ball over their head and managed to deflect it 20 feet into the air, then recovered and prevented Chavez from getting to it first.
Central quickly reversed field after Doby's save, and 34 seconds later, early in the 45th minute, Cabe ran out ahead on a long pass from Sheila Urquiza and found themselves in the same position that Chavez had just been in. Earlier in the match, Noel had guessed right and saved their team a goal in a similar circumstance, but they couldn't deny Cabe's 12-yard blast that went by them to the left for a 1-0 lead.
From that point until Chavez' injury, Surry Central (2-4) was very much in the ascendant and rarely even let the ball out of the East end of the field. The East Surry back-line defense of Sophie Lowe, Grace Montgomery, Jessica Clayton and Elyssa Jones often found itself overwhelmed, although Noel stood tall as the last line of defense. Sarah Marion, Cabe and Areli Jimenez all had chances to extend the Central lead, but couldn't find the back of the net.
After the injury, which caused a break in the action for a few minutes, things settled down and Central had just a few more shots before the match ended. East Surry, without its top attacker, was unable to generate much on the offensive end.
The injury to Chavez hurt their team's chances of coming back, but Oliver didn't use that as an excuse for the loss.
“We didn't connect and play like we know how to play,” they said. “It's that simple. You have to play basic soccer if you want to win, and we didn't.”
The Lady Cardinals rarely got the ball across midfield in the first 20 minutes of the match. Chavez had their team's first official shot on goal in the 11th minute, when they earned a free kick at about 20 yards left of the goal and took direct aim at the goal. Doby grabbed it.
Noel was already under attack by the Lady Eagles. Cabe had Central's first shot on goal in the fifth minute. Noel earned their second save a while later, when Cabe took a shot off a corner kick from Taylor Cochran. They scored a third save in the 31st minute and then punted it to the other end, where Chavez missed a shot high from about 18 yards out in the 33rd.
Early in the 35th minute, Jessica Martinez found themselves open and unmarked from less than 10 yards away and had what amounted to little more than a penalty kick again Noel. The senior, who has already signed to play collegiately with Concord University, made a save worthy of a college keeper, diving to their right and just getting an outstretched hand on the ball. There was still a hairy moment, as Cabe got to the free ball and shot the rebound, but they missed the net.
With 90 seconds left in the half, Noel turned away Jimenez from another free ball in front of the goal and preserved a scoreless deadlock going into intermission.
Central's Joley Cabe settles a throw-in during Monday's game as East Surry's Jessica Clayton closes to defend. Cabe later scored the only goal in a 1-0 Surry Central victory. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0486.jpg Central's Joley Cabe settles a throw-in during Monday's game as East Surry's Jessica Clayton closes to defend. Cabe later scored the only goal in a 1-0 Surry Central victory. John Cate | The News The Lady Cardinals' Sophie Lowe (3) gets tangled with Surry Central's Ashley Martinez near the East Surry goal in the first half of Central's 1-0 victory on Monday evening. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0497.jpg The Lady Cardinals' Sophie Lowe (3) gets tangled with Surry Central's Ashley Martinez near the East Surry goal in the first half of Central's 1-0 victory on Monday evening. John Cate | The News East Surry keeper Haley Noel never played the position prior to the 2018 season, but they turned in an outstanding performance in the Lady Cardinals' loss on Monday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0508.jpg East Surry keeper Haley Noel never played the position prior to the 2018 season, but they turned in an outstanding performance in the Lady Cardinals' loss on Monday. John Cate | The News Central's Sheila Urquiza closes in on a ball in the midfield as East Surry's Kalia Speaks (20) and Jessica Clayton try to cut off the field against them https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0478.jpg Central's Sheila Urquiza closes in on a ball in the midfield as East Surry's Kalia Speaks (20) and Jessica Clayton try to cut off the field against them John Cate | The News
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
A major recruitment drive for occupational therapists (OTs) has followed criticism of Lancashire County Council by the Local Government Ombudsman.
Now the full county council will assess work being done to increase staffing and improve performance when it meets on Thursday.
A report to councillors notes compensation of £750 has already been paid to a bereaved wife and an apology issued after they complained to the Local Government and Social Care Ombudsman that the council had failed to meet the assessed equipment needs of their husband.
They were left bedbound in the final month of their life after the council failed to provide a special chair.
The Ombudsman, reporting in September, had “found fault causing injustice” in the case and demanded the full council consider its implications.
The council will be told an urgent review of policies and working arrangements is taking place and the number of occupational therapy posts has doubled to 40 FTE (full time equivalent).
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Speaking to reporters Monday afternoon, Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said that they regret their department's response to Saturday's protests in the Virginia town, which left three people dead.
Part of the blame, Thomas said, was on the alt-right protesters who did not follow an agreed upon arrangement on how its protesters would enter Emancipation Park. Instead, protesters from the alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups arrived from various directions, causing Thomas' department to readjust its plans.
Charlottesville Police officers were originally deployed in their standard uniform, but were forced to wear tactical gear as protests quickly escalated into violence.
"We were not intimidated by their power, but it was prudent to make sure the officers were equipped," Thomas said.
Alt-right protest organizer Jason Kessler blamed the police for allowing the violence to escalate.
"The blame for today's violence lies primarily with the Charlottesville government officials and the police officers who failed to maintain law and order, protect the First Amendment rights of rally participants, and provide for their safety," Kessler said in a statement on Sunday.
By the end of the day, one counterprotester and two police officers were killed. Heather D. Heyer, 32, died on Saturday when a car allegedly driven by 20-year-old Ohio resident James Alex Fields Jr. plowed into a group protesting against white supremacy.
Later in the day, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, and trooper Berke M.M. Bates, 40, of the Virginia State Police were killed in a helicopter accident while patrolling Saturday's protest.
Small screen diva Mouni Roy, who is all set to make their Bollywood debut in Gold opposite Akshay Kumar, will also feature in Ayan Mukerji's directorial Brahmastra. The diva took to Instagram account to share an adorable picture with the filmmaker and called them their 'Boy Best-friend'. Brahmastra will also be starring Alia Bhatt, Ranbir Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan along with Mouni Roy.
Meet the new best friends in the B-town- Ayan Mukerji and Mouni Roy. The reigning queen of the small screen Mouni, who is all set to make their Bollywood debut in Gold opposite Akshay Kumar, will also be seen in Ayan Mukerji's directorial Brahmastra co-starring Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan. Sharing their cute chemistry with the filmmaker, Mouni took to their Instagram account and shared a photo with their ‘Boy Boy-friend' Ayan, in which the duo can be seen sweetly embracing each other.
“#मेरा Howard Roark + Lazlo Strange + Young Dumbledore #BestBoy-Friend,” the diva captioned. Earlier this week, Mouni had also shared a photo with Brahmastra's leading lady Alia and wished them a happy birthday on the photo-sharing platform. While wishing Alia, Mouni wrote, “Happy happiest to the girl who glows all the time @aliaabhatt. Wishing you beautiful beaches, ocean breezes and wishes upon stars … may your 25th year take you to greater heights and get you everything you love and more. Wishing you all the birthday brights. See you on set in sometime ☺”
Also Read: October Theme: Varun Dhawan starrer creates musical symphony; all thanks to Shantanu Moitra's music
According to the latest buzz, Mouni will be essaying the role of a villain in the first part of the film. A source close to a leading daily revealed, “Alia will obviously play the damsel in distress, who is Ranbir's love interest in the trilogy. But Mouni will play a villain in the first part. Them character will have shades of grey.” On their Bollywood debut in Gold, Mouni had earlier said, “For the longest time, I didn't know if I would be doing it or not. Two months after the audition, I got a text from the casting representative saying I was shortlisted. Eventually, it worked out and I was very happy. I am a person of disbelief.”
Also Read: Priyanka Chopra teaches lesson to sexist reporter who questioned their take on gender equality
Also Read: Pavitra Rishta fame Ankita Lokhande regrets turning down Sanjay Leela Bhansali's film
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Heavy rains, landslides kill 18 in Rwanda: government – Yahoo News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Resigns
FILE- In this Feb. 1, 2017, file photo, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing at the White House, in Washington. Flynn resigned as President Donald Trump's national security adviser Monday, Feb. 13, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
By Cox Media Group National Content Desk
In a resignation letter, White House national security adviser Michael Flynn said they held numerous calls with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. during the transition and gave "incomplete information" about those discussions to Vice President Mike Pence.
>>RELATED: National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigns
The vice president, apparently relying on information from Flynn, initially said the national security adviser had not discussed sanctions with the Russian envoy, though Flynn later conceded the issue may have come up.
>> Read more trending news
Here is the full text below released by the White House:
"In the course of my duties as the Incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors. These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, their advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude. Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the president and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology Throughout my over thirty three years of honorable military service, and my tenure as the National Security Advisor, I have always performed my duties with the utmost of integrity and honesty to those I have served, to include the President of the United States. I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way. I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America's leadership position in the world. As I step away once again from serving my nation in this current capacity, I wish to thank President Trump for their personal loyalty, the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the hard fought campaign, the challenging period of transition, and during the early days of their presidency. I know with the strong leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and the superb team they are assembling, this team will go down in history as one of the greatest presidencies in U.S. history, and I firmly believe the American people will be well served as they all work together to help Make America Great Again. Michael T. Flynn, LTG (Ret) Assistant to the President / National Security Advisor"
The Associated Press Contributed to this report.
BEIRUT (AP) — Germany's president has met with German troops who serve as part of a United Nations force in Lebanon.
The meeting was held Tuesday on board a German vessel at the port of Beirut, where Frank-Walter Steinmeier was met by the commander of the German troops in Lebanon.
Germany has 126 soldiers contributing to the UNIFIL mission in Lebanon including the Maritime Task Force, deployed since October 2006, which supports the Lebanese navy in securing Lebanon's maritime borders.
Steinmeier, who is on a two-day visit to Lebanon, also met with Lebanese religious leaders at the seat of Lebanon's Grand Mufti, Sheikh Abdul Latif Derian.
 They are also scheduled to meet with the Lebanese prime minister and parliament speaker later Tuesday.
Ryan Mayer
Three weeks into the MLB season, and we've already got our first no-hitter. And it came against an unlikely source. The Oakland Athletics are off to a solid start to the season, sitting at 12-11 and just 3.5 games back of the Astros in the American League West division standings. However, heading into this past weekend's series against the Boston Red Sox, you would have been forgiven if you believed that Boston would dominate the A's. The Red Sox had burst out of the gates to a 16-2 record prior to the series, and there wasn't much that could seemingly slow down their bats.
Then, in stepped A's lefty Sean Manaea. The 26-year-old had a solid debut season in 2016 before falling off a bit during last year's campaign. To begin this season, Manaea was dominant, giving up just 5 earned runs through 27.2 innings pitched, while striking out 20 batters and giving up just four walks. In their Saturday start against Boston, they did even better, striking out 10 with just two walks and not allowing a hit through nine innings. It was their first career no-hitter and the first for the A's since Dallas Braden threw a perfect game on Mother's Day of 2010.
There was some controversy in the game, as Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi appeared to record a hit in the sixth inning, but they were ruled to have run out of the base path after instant replay. Manaea now owns a 1.23 ERA, which ranks fifth in the league so far this season.
The leader in that category is San Francisco Giants righty Johnny Cueto, who is experiencing a bounce-back season. Through four starts, Cueto has allowed just one earned run in 26 innings of work, while striking out 23 batters. In their Sunday start against the Angels, Cueto allowed just two hits and struck out seven, earning their second win of the season. They look well on their way to returning back to their career form after struggling through last season, when they posted their highest ERA since their first year in the majors.
For these and some of the other biggest stories from the past week of baseball, click on the video above.
Lungu's government is beyond redemption, it is corrupt to the core – Msoni
All People's Congress leader Nason Msoni has charged that the Patriotic Front (PF) government is now beyond redemption from the corruption and they have called on Zambians to demand for the resignation of President Edgar Lungu.
Msoni who was one of the opposition leaders who supported President Lungu in the two previous elections says an emergency indaba must be called to chart the way forward for Zambia.
Their demands come following revelation of grand corruption deals in government by former Minister Chishimba Kambwili.
Below is Msoni's statement:
The rule of law has totally broken down. If the allegations of grand corruption in government as made by Hon. Chishimba Kambwili is anything to go by then it's time citizens unequivocally call for the immediate resignation of President Edgar Chagwa Lungu and their entire corrupt administration.
Yes it's time for a national indaba to chart the way forward for a new direction. We have to save the country we love for the benefit of our children and their future from greedy and spineless unpatriotic characters with no business being in government but aiding theft and plunder of public resources.
This government is beyond redemption it is corrupt to the core. If you can't run government at least don't steal.
Citizens it's time to reject this style of governance.
The dominant question is where are all patriots when thieves have mobilised themselves to rob and plunder our nation? Where are those children of those gallant men and women who carry their DNA and whose blood flowing through their veins is of freedom fighters who liberated this country from colonialism.
Where are the remnant of those gallant men and women (freedom fighters) when a nation has been invaded by political locusts out to destroy the gains and progress made so far through massive plunder and looting.
Where are those champions of multiparty democracy advocates of the 90s that defied a one party dictatorship and met at garden house to give birth to a new political dispensation.
Where are all the former students and revolutionaries of the 90s and the young comrades who stood up to a dictatorship and answered the call of duty for a new direction.
Where are the intellectuals,NGO, marketeers, the farmers, the unions,students, bus crew, traditional rulers and the workers.
Stand up and be counted your people and your country need you at this hour of destiny.
We don't have leaders but wolves in sheep skin masquerading as political leaders.
Now is the time to stand together and reject the leadership of thieves and demand for a new direction.
We call for a people's assembly to discuss the current state of the nation and the way forward for a new direction.
Yes it's a political agenda and we have nothing to hide.
Certainly Zambia deserves better than this least posterity Judges us hash for failing to act and save the country from sinking deeper in the quagmire of destruction.
Drink Up: Moderate to Heavy Drinkers May Avoid Dementia
UC San Diego claims in a new study that certain people who regularly consume moderate to heavy amounts of alcohol are more likely to live to 85 without developing dementia and other cognitive problems compared to people who don't drink at all.
The long-term study was largely based on white, middle-class men and women living in Rancho Bernardo, a master-planned community in North County.
The paper was published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease, and is the latest in a series of mostly non-definitive studies that examine how everything from genetics to diet to environment factor in to the development of dementia.
The new UC San Diego paper says, in part, that "Moderate and heavy drinkers had 2-fold higher odds of living to age 85 without cognitive impairment relative to non-drinkers."
In a statement, the university said that, "By its (federal) definition, moderate drinking involves consuming up to one alcoholic beverage a day for adult women of any age and men aged 65 and older; and up to two drinks a day for adult men under age 65.
"Heavy drinking is defined as up to three alcoholic beverages per day for women of any adult age and men 65 and older; and four drinks a day for adult men under 65. Drinking more than these amounts is categorized as excessive."
The study, led by neuroscientist Linda McEvoy, focuses heavily on alcohol consumption, but it contains an important qualifer:
The university said the study "does not suggest drinking is responsible for increased longevity and cognitive health. Alcohol consumption, particularly wine, is associated with higher incomes and education levels, which in turn are associated with lower rates of smoking, lower rates of mental illness and better access to health care."
UC San Diego studied 1,344 older adults between 1984 to 2013. All of the participants had some degree of college education, the university said.
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Jose Ramirez added two hits for Cleveland, and Francisco Lindor ran their hitting streak to 11 games as the Indians started a seven-game road trip in fine fashion after losing seven of their previous nine games.
Salazar (1-1) gave up seven hits and walked two batters in their six innings, but they only allowed one run and struck out seven.
Cleveland's Bryan Shaw and Andrew Miller each pitched a scoreless inning in relief.
Cody Allen gave up two hits in the ninth and walked Miguel Sano to load the bases, but they got Joe Mauer to fly out to record their third save in as many chances.
Kyle Gibson (0-2) pitched 5 1/3 innings for Minnesota, giving up three runs on eight hits. Mauer, Robbie Grossman and Eddie Rosario each had two hits for the Twins.
The two teams nearly split their 19 meetings last year with Cleveland winning 10 times. Salazar was on the poor end of the matchups, giving up 12 earned runs in 10 2/3 innings to Minnesota last season. Mauer entered the game 7 of 18 off Salazar. Grossman was 2 of 5.
But Monday the Indians were able to go back to the formula they rode to the World Series last year. Salazar escaped trouble early and the bullpen was strong late, along with some timely hitting.
The Twins left six runners on in the first three innings, including leaving the bases loaded in the first. Salazar retired 11 of the final 13 batters they faced.
After Rosario's RBI single in the second opened the scoring for Minnesota, the Indians answered right back.
Brantley plated Yan Gomes with an RBI groundout in the third and Lindor scored on Edwin Encarnacion's line-drive single to left field three pitches later. Lindor is 9 of 14 in their career off Gibson. Gomes, who entered the game hitting .067, is 8 of 18 against Gibson.
NOTES: Cleveland manager Terry Francona said 2B Jason Kipnis could rejoin the team as early as Friday in their "best-case scenario." Kipnis has been on the disabled list all season due to right shoulder inflammation. Francona said Kipnis will play minor league rehab games on Tuesday and Wednesday before taking Thursday off. ... Minnesota CF Byron Buxton got the day off, as they have started the season with a .093 average. RF Max Kepler played their first game of the season in center field and went 1-for-5. ... Twins chief baseball officer Derek Falvey was a popular person pregame as they reconnected with many of their former coworkers with the Indians, with whom they spent the previous nine seasons. ... RHP Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) starts for Minnesota on Tuesday. Cleveland counters with RHP Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47).
Wendy Wilson joins us on Daytime to tell us how we can bring some extra fun to any get together through “selfies” .
For more info please visit their website.
"That was the turning point," Bochy said. "That ball was smoked. What a great play they made."
Jon Gray turned in their shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. They walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
"Absolutely horrible. Bad mindset," Gray said of their pitching performance. "I feel like my stuff was really good, well enough to win. But I wasn't going at guys I should have. I think I picked around the corners and got behind too much. I have to go at guys and get them out."
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. ... INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. ... RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. "He's doing really well. He's close," manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? "You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot," Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. They have Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on their right hand.
It was their ninth stadium visit in their quest to throw in every major league park. Them next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed their prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Pat Graham, The Associated Press
Getty Image
Saying that a player has a high floor and a low ceiling could be a bad thing. The implication is that, when you spend a draft pick on someone, you'd more or less be wasting your time trying to develop them as a player. They are they what they are, and they are who they will be over the course of their NBA career.
You can make a pretty strong case that this would be the case if an NBA team drafted Mikal Bridges, a 6'7 wing who has flown up draft boards over the course of the 2017-18 college basketball season. Bridges is a junior who stands 6'7 and boasts a nearly 7'1 wingspan. If you built a 3-and-D wing in a lab, they would, physically, look like Bridges.
But the thing that makes them so special is the fact that Bridges is an absolute killer if you give them an inch of space. He's connecting on 44.2 percent of their threes this year, and unlike other players who specialize in hitting shots from behind the arc, Bridges is really good at making the ball go through the basket from all over the court. Bridges connects on 59.1 percent of their twos and nearly 85 percent of their free throws.
Basically, Bridges is what every NBA team dreams of out of a potential wing. Bridges doesn't need the ball a ton, but when they are given the ball, they are going to make something happen — and seeing as how he's 114th nationally in turnover rate, it's probably going to be a thing that helps their squad. They may not be a superstar, but he's going to make whichever team drafts them a lot better.
Which team is going to draft him? Let's find out in our latest mock draft.
Italy's highest court has rejected a request by a German group to release its migrant rescue boat seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that non-governmental organizations colluded with migrant smugglers.
The German group, Jugend Rettet, said Tuesday that it was devastated by the Cassation Court's ruling and that "we will fight for the right to rescue people in danger at sea."
Doctors Without Borders said the ruling "sends a working signal (that) Europe will continue to criminalize humanitarian organizations conducting search-and-rescue operations ... rather than strengthening capacities to save lives at sea."
Prosecutors told the court that the Iuventa was seized based on three episodes in which crew members had contact with migrant smugglers. The group's spokesperson, Philipp Kulker, said in Berlin that the evidence had been fabricated.
After college, they would often volunteer at a homeless shelter before heading off to work at the Human Rights Campaign in Washington.
“I was really struck by this idea of us just handing over the food and thought, ‘What would it look like to do this differently?' And then I would go to my office and work with refugees and asylees and think, ‘Huh, we can do something different, right now.'”
Ms. Brodie had no background in the food industry aside from a summer spent scooping ice cream as a teenager, so they enrolled at the Institute of Culinary Education in Lower Manhattan. They also attended a food business boot camp in Harlem and began picking up shifts at restaurants.
After discussing the idea with friends, meeting with philanthropists and sending “millions of emails,” they set up their classroom cafe in June. Nearly half of their students received job offers before they had completed the program.
“Which is a great position to be in,” they said. “Suddenly you're going from having no choices to having choices, and being asked, ‘How do you put down roots here?' Which is a new conversation for a lot of our students.”
After the successful run in Red Hook, Ms. Brodie is planning to open a larger culinary school and restaurant in Downtown Brooklyn in February.
In building their philanthropy, Ms. Brodie, who is from Maryland, said she's “fallen in love with New York. I have yet to meet anyone here who hasn't been like, ‘What you're doing is awesome, how can I help?' There is so much good will to help others.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Shortly before the interview, Ms. Brodie received a text message from a student who had been offered a job. “You changed my life and I will never forget this,” the text read.
“How lucky am I that I get these types of messages on my phone?” they said. “I've never been this happy or fulfilled in my entire life.”
Do you know of a philanthropy or charity that is helping the needy here in New York? Send an email to nytoday@nytimes.com and tell us the organization's name, what they do, and why you think it's important. We may contact the organization for an upcoming column.
Here's what else is happening:
Weather
Don't expect much charity from Mother Nature this week.
Today is mostly sunny and crisp with a high near 41. Savor it.
Rain and snow enter the forecast tomorrow, and frigid temperatures are on tap for the next few days.
In the News
• Experts say a shortage of Christmas trees and higher prices are thanks to a ghost from Christmases past: the Great Recession. [New York Times]
Photo
• Melissa Mark-Viverito must leave their post as City Council speaker because of term limits at the end of the month. What's next? They don't know, but they say, “I do not close doors.” [New York Times]
• Like many Puerto Ricans, Rosa Iris Vega worked for decades in the United States with the dream of retiring on the verdant island of their childhood. Then, Hurricane Maria took that dream away. [New York Times]
• A New York City police officer was leaving a fund-raiser in the Bronx when they were jumped by three men. One took their gun. [New York Times]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• They lost their country. Then a fire robbed them of even more. [New York Times]
Photo
• A police officer fired their weapon once at an armed suspect who clipped five officers with their car as they fled police in Brooklyn. [NBC New York]
• A new model of subway car that costs the M.T.A. $2 million each has been pulled from the tracks during tests three times in the last two weeks. [New York Daily News]
• Today's Metropolitan Diary: “Welcome to New York City”
• For a global look at what's happening, see Your Morning Briefing.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Coming Up Today
• An exhibition of unconventional wreaths at the Arsenal in Central Park. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. [Free]
• Performances by Vy Higginsen's Sing Harlem Choir and the One Accord Dance Ministry at a holiday tree lighting ceremony at Marcus Garvey Park in Harlem. 5 p.m. [Free]
• Join a conversation with the Broadway composter and lyricist Michael John LaChiusa about their work at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts on the Upper West Side. 6 p.m. [Free]
Photo
• The historian Leigh Fought discusses their book, “Women in the World of Frederick Douglass,” at the Brooklyn Historical Society in Brooklyn Heights. 6:30 p.m. [$5]
• Islanders host Capitals, 7 p.m. (MSG+). Rangers host Stars, 7 p.m. (MSG).
• Alternate-side parking remains in effect until Dec. 25.
• For more events, see The New York Times's Arts & Entertainment guide.
And Finally...
Photo
New Yorkers exhausted from holiday shopping and stocking stuffing may want to lay blame locally.
The custom of giving gifts to children during Christmas time can trace its roots, in part, to the wealthy residents of 19th-century New York who exported the tradition to the rest of the nation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If your gift list is still woefully incomplete, we're here to help. The Times has plenty of suggestions for even the hardest to please on your list.
But before you get started, some advice for buying gifts, according to science: Though they say it's the thought that counts, the perfect gift is usually — surprise, surprise — the one they asked for.
If you're still unsure of what to get, try taking a look at the year's best books, movies or albums, as selected by Times critics.
Or scroll through The Times's gift guide, which is searchable by interests — like travel, cooking or experiences — with items recommended by Times writers and editors and the team at The Wirecutter. Here are a few extra suggestions from our Styles desk.
And while you're out shopping, or filling your cart online, don't forget those in need. If you'd like to help the less fortunate, here's a guide to charitable giving. Or you could take advice from Nicholas Kristof and give a gift that could save a life, like deworming a child for 50 cents or helping protect a family from malaria for as little as $4.
New York Today is a morning roundup that is published weekdays at 6 a.m. If you don't get it in your inbox already, you can sign up to receive it by email here.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook.
What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com.
(Tennessee Smokies) The Tennessee Smokies won 2-1 in game three of the series against the Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp on Monday night at Smokies Stadium behind early runs and dominant pitching.
Right handed pitcher Thomas Hatch started on the mound for Tennessee. Hatch threw 5.0 innings, allowing three hits and one run. They also walked five and struck out five. It was the fourth start of the year for Hatch, who has only given up six earned runs this season.
Hatch handed the ball to Craig Brooks after the fifth inning. Brooks pitched 2.0 scoreless innings and did not allow a hit. They walked two batters and struck out four in their sixth appearance of the season. Jake Stinnett relieved Brooks to start the eighth inning. Stinnett pitched the eighth inning, allowing just one hit.
The Smokies jumped out to an early lead in the first inning of Monday's game. Trey Martin hit a leadoff single to start the inning, and Jeffrey Baez hit a two-run home run to left field that scored Martin to make it a 2-0 game. It was the third home run of the season for Baez.
Jacksonville responded when they drew a bases loaded walk in the fifth inning to cut the Tennessee lead to 2-1, but the Smokies pitching held firm down the stretch. The Jumbo Shrimp were limited to just four hits in the game.
Dakota Mekkes came in to close the game on the mound for the Smokies. They recorded the first out of the inning on a groundout that was gloved by Carlos Penalver who threw the ball to Yasiel Balaguert to record the out. Mekkes then struck out the next two batters to close the game and give Tennessee the win.
Tennessee and Jacksonville will play game four of the series tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. Nick Neidert (1-1, 4.30 ERA) is tabbed as the starter for the Jumbo Shrimp and Oscar De La Cruz (1-2, 8.25 ERA) will start for the Smokies. De La Cruz is coming off 6.0 shutout innings in their last start. Tuesdaywill be a Taco Tuesday at Smokies Stadium, and will also be a Senior Brunch, presented by Senior Benefit Inc. Gates will open at 10:00 am.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The death of a one-month-old Brooklyn girl last June has been ruled a homicide.
Little Nichelle Waring was found unconscious and unresponsive inside an apartment on Hancock Street on June 26. They were later pronounced dead at Woodhull Medical Center.
The medical examiner said the cause of death was battered child syndrome. The infant had suffered a fractured skull, as well as fractures and bruises on their ribs, 1010 WINS' Carol D'Auria reported.
At the time, the child's mother told police they put the baby in their crib after feeding them When they returned 45 minutes later, the mother claims the little girl wasn't breathing and that there was blood coming from their nose, D'Auria reported.
Police have not arrested the child's parents, but do plan to talk to them.
Neighbors in the building said there was always trouble coming from the apartment.
“There was always arguing next door, always having people over in the middle of the night, fighting, drinking. The baby would be up until like 2 o'clock in the morning,” neighbor Juan Mercado said.
Both parents have extensive criminal records.
The child's 22-year-old father has an arrest record that includes robbery, assault and grand larceny.
The 20-year-old mother's record includes arrests for credit card fraud, drug possession and robbery.
An expectant couple in California announced the sex of their baby to their friends and family with inspiration from “Stranger Things” ― just in time for the hit Netflix show's impending return.
Krystal Jugarap is expecting their first child with their partner, Daniel Vongnakhone. At the end of September, the Bay Area couple set up string lights in their home, a nod to the scenes in “Stranger Things” in which mom Joyce Byers uses the lights to communicate with their son lost in the Upside Down.
View photos
Jugarap told HuffPost they are both fans of the Netflix show, but Vongnakhone was the one who came up with the idea.
“He claims the idea just came to him, but I'm sure someone from the Upside Down had flickered some street lights on Daniel's way home to spark the idea,” they said.
Using a tutorial they found online, tools they bought from Amazon and a bit of intuition to tweak some of the instructions, the couple coded the lights to spell out, “It's a girl.”
View photos
Jugarap explained that after Vongnakhone posted the announcement on Reddit, many people thought that the beginning ― in which they carry a sleeping Jugarap to bed from their couch ― was weird. That part is actually routine for the couple.
“I know the beginning was a little odd to some people, but we wanted to make it seem like a typical day in a life for us,” they said. “Daniel is always carrying me to bed after I've fallen asleep on the couch!”
Jugarap, who is due in February, told HuffPost they and their partner are also big fans of “Star Wars.” They plan on naming their daughter Leila Rey, a slightly modified nod to the franchise's Princess Leia and Rey.
For now, the couple will wait (probably impatiently) for “Stranger Things” to return on October 27.
“We have to save Eleven!” Jugarap said. “And Dustin is just the cutest little kid.”
The bill still has to clear the state Assembly before it can be signed into law.
If that happens, the big question is whether or not the FCC will challenge the rules. In California's case, it seems likely -- the FCC could argue that the rules directly contradict federal-level regulation. Some states, such as New York, have tried using executive orders that rely on the government contract clause rather than instituting separate rules. Those might be more difficult for the FCC to unwind.
If there's any certainty, it's that the official June 11th death of net neutrality won't be the end of the battle. With numerous states both implementing neutrality rules and filing a lawsuit, ISPs could easily run into trouble if they simply ignore state policies. Any FCC attempts to undo state rules, meanwhile, could easily turn into drawn-out legal fights.
Back home in The Gambia, Mustapha Sallah and Karamo Keita were strangers: the first, a computer technician; the second, a shopkeeper. But like tens of thousands of other West Africans, they had a common goal: to flee grinding poverty and a lack of opportunity, find work in Europe, and send money home.
Separately, each one crossed the world's largest desert, evaded slavers, and paid thousands of dollars to be smuggled across war-torn Libya – where they were discovered and detained by authorities, they say. The men met in a squalid Libyan detention facility in January, where they hadn't rested, washed, or eaten properly in days.
Three months into the men's detention, representatives of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) visited the prison and offered them tickets home. Dreams of reaching Europe had been dashed, but they had a new appreciation for their homeland. They took the tickets. And they made each other a promise: to use their experiences to illustrate the realities of irregular migration, and encourage Gambian youth to build their own country, despite the many challenges, rather than seek opportunity abroad.
Recommended: How much do you know about Africa's most populous country? Take our quiz.
Today, Mr. Sallah and Mr. Keita are the founders of Youths Against Irregular Migration (YAIM), as unauthorized immigration is called – and they're part of a growing recognition. As Europe puts up more barriers and chaos in Libya continues, the number of migrants returning home will likely increase. Returnees face myriad challenges, from social stigma to the trauma of their difficult journeys north. But they are also uniquely equipped to help educate others about the perils of irregular migration – and have a stake in healing the root problems that led them to leave in the first place.
“This is a national issue,” says Sallah. “The youths don't know the realities. If I had known, I wouldn't have gone. So if we talk to the youths, even if we cannot save everybody, it will make a change.”
A LUKEWARM WELCOME
More than 2,600 people have died crossing the Mediterranean this year, according to the IOM. Even before braving the voyage, the risks are high, from sex trafficking to slave markets in Libya. The vast majority of West Africans who run this gauntlet do so because of a paucity of economic opportunity: according to the United Nations, about half of the population in Senegal and The Gambia live below the national poverty line.
“For two years I slept on the floor, I was hungry, I had no salary, I was undermined by the Arabs, and I was criminalized,” says Musa Camara, who recently returned to the Gambia, remembering their attempted journey to Europe. At first their family was happy to see them alive. But after the initial surprise wore off, they began to ask why they came back empty-handed, while their neighbor sends money from Italy. They now live with a friend to avoid the tension at home.
It's a common reaction. “People refuse to talk or even greet us,” says Bori Diao. Born in the southern Senegalese village of Pakour in 1978, they are slightly older than most migrants: When they started their attempt in 2015, they left their wife and three children. After a grueling journey across the Sahara in the back of a 4x4 pickup truck, they spent six months looking for work in Libya before turning around. “They tell us we were scared, that's why we didn't continue. We used our family's money, and we came back with nothing.”
Experiences like these, in part, drive YAIM, which seeks to end irregular migration through public awareness and increased job prospects for youth. In recent months, they have ramped up their outreach, from educational campaigns to new partnerships with the IOM, EU, and Gambian National Youth Council.
Across the border in Senegal, returnees have a longer history of organizing. Cheikh Diop, the president of the National Association of Returned Migrants, has worked with returnees for more than a decade, traveling to Niger via bus – legally – to understand the trials migrants go through. In the late 2000s, hundreds of repatriated Senegalese from Spain founded associations, they say, but interest was fleeting and many disbanded. In 2014, when migrants began coming back from Libya en masse, they began anew.
PORT ARTHUR, Texas (AP) — A fire official says three children rescued from a burning apartment in Southeast Texas have died from their injuries.
Port Arthur Fire Marshal Paul Washburn tells KFDM television that firefighters arrived at the burning building a little after midnight Wednesday. First responders found the children and rushed them to a hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Washburn says the children were aged 2, 6 and 12.
Washburn tells The Associated Press the three children were the only ones inside the apartment when the fire broke out. They say their mother had taken another child to the hospital.
Washburn says they are investigating to determine the cause of the fire.
The University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Engineering is offering a course on unmanned aircraft systems this summer.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
09:08 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Fire at purification facility in Ashdod A fire broke out at an oil purification facility in Ashdod. No injuries were reported. A firefighting team rushed to the scene. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Youth education: Commissioner advocates values, integrity
By Fredrick Okopie
THE Lagos State Commissioner for Establishment, Training and Pensions, Dr. Benson Oke, said the mind of children and youths are impressionable such that parents, teachers and the society have a unique and valuable opportunity to positively impress these fertile minds with ideas for true values of integrity and greatness.
Oke who was the special guest at the annual leadership lecture of Dansol High School, Lagos, spoke on the topic: Becoming an uncompromising leader of positive impact of values and integrity, said this initiative should be commended. They also commended the governing authorities of the school for their vision and foresight in initiating these lecture series and for their steadfastness in sustaining same.
They expressed delight at the efforts of the school in going the extra mile to mould today's youths into the leaders of tomorrow with values.
Oke noted that this year's theme bears a very relevant message for the Nigerian society. “We seem to be bereft of leaders whom our youths can look up to. The best of our leaders are tainted with deeds and failings that do not encourage our youths to appreciate the place of values and integrity in an individual's character and in the society as a whole.”
The commissioner advised the students to imbibe the seven lessons of life if they want to succeed. “First, never forget that all life is a test; never underestimate the value of experience and the need to listen to wise counsel. Do the hard work, be consistent, don't compare yourself to others and be truthful.”
The post Youth education: Commissioner advocates values, integrity appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — A major thoroughfare in Rio de Janeiro has been shut down repeatedly as military police engage in shootouts with suspected drug traffickers.
Images from a helicopter on Globo television showed people taking cover beside their cars Wednesday along the road known as the Linha Amarela, or Yellow Line. Authorities stopped traffic three times, with cars backing up for miles.
The firefight apparently spilled onto the multiple-lane road in northern Rio during a police operation in City of God, a violent shantytown that was featured in 2002 Oscar-nominated film by the same name.
Authorities are urging drivers to stay away from the area.
Rio has struggled to curb surging violence amid fallout from the country's worst recession in decades.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
The $13,750 BMW C evolution isn't what the average American thinks of when the word "scooter" is mentioned. Instead of a tiny 50cc bike, the electric maxi-scooter is a 606-pound beast that should comfortably seat two (I didn't have any friends willing to ride with me) and at first glance could be mistaken for a motorcycle. But don't let the large footprint fool you: It's a quick commuting machine that's as comfortable on the freeway as it is on surface streets.
If you're a regular scooter rider or even someone who rides a typical motorcycle (aka not a huge Harley or Gold Wing), it takes a few miles to get used to the weight of the bike. It can be intimidating, but after you get into the groove, the electric scooter offers a smooth ride. That's probably because it's tough to bounce around that much mass. Whatever the reason, combined with the bike's snappy, fluid acceleration and electric-motor whir, navigating Los Angeles on the C evolution felt civil.
It helped that the bike has a 99-mile range rating, which, during my tests, were nearly dead-on -- as long as I didn't spend too much time on the freeway. Not bad, considering I regularly switched from the bike's energy-efficient Eco Pro mode to the high-powered Dynamic mode, which gives you all the power and regenerative braking.
Typically I use the energy-efficient mode on a car or bike for testing, then forego it after a few hours in the name of speed. On the C evolution, the Eco Pro mode was more than adequate to handle nearly all riding situations. I only switched to Dynamic mode to power up a hill on Interstate 405 and blast away from traffic lights (thanks to a 48-horsepower motor that pushes 53 pounds of torque).
There are two other modes available: Road gives you all the power with a little regenerative braking while Sail removes all regenerative braking. I stuck with Eco Pro and Dynamic modes for 95 percent of my rides, since they offered the best combination of riding and regenerative energy creation.
Regardless of how you ride, there is the usual electric-vehicle caveat that if you spend any time at high speeds on the freeway, you're going to burn through your charge. During an 11-mile jaunt on the highway at a steady 65MPH, I drained 20 percent of the battery. That's something to consider if you're interested in any EV for a daily commute that involves a lot of time on the freeway.
Recharging the bike after flying down the highway via the level 2 port took about 4 to 4.5 hours. It can also be charged with the 110-volt outlet you have at home, but expect it to take about twice as long. In a city like Los Angeles where malls, Whole Foods Markets and other businesses have chargers in their parking lot, pushing past the century mark during a single day wasn't a problem -- that is, if you're cool shopping or eating while you charge. That might not be so healthy for the bank account.
That's the rub with electric motorcycles and scooters. Unlike their four-wheeled counterparts, it's tough to see a financial incentive. The gas-powered BMW counterparts to the C evolution both get 51 miles per gallon, so the monthly outlay of cash isn't that high to begin with. There are the maintenance cost savings, but with a price tag that's about $3,000 more than comparable with BMW gas-powered scooters, it's tough to see the financial upside of the C evolution.
That said, as I rode through LA and saw a constant brown haze on the horizon, both over land and water, it was a reminder that petrol-powered vehicles contribute to that smog. In the grand scheme of things, it's important to see the C evolution and other EVs as vehicles that will reduce that brown sky. Sure, on a spreadsheet buying one doesn't add up, but when you take into account the impact vehicles have on our air, if you can afford to go EV and it fits into your lifestyle, it's almost a no-brainer.
It also helps that the C evolution is a blast to ride, thanks to electric motor torque. Plus, the BMW electric scooter that's purchased today might encourage the automaker to put electric motorcycles on the market tomorrow. Scooters make sense as EVs, but an electric motorcycle -- especially one for BMW -- well, those would be just too much fun to pass up.
TORONTO — It was a series of unfortunate events that led to the mixup, and Alex Minassian has spent the last 24 hours trying to set the record straight — he's not the driver of a van that mowed down pedestrians on a busy Toronto street.
Minassian, 24, shares a last name with 25-year-old Alek Minassian, who is now charged with 10 counts of murder in connection with the incident, which took place Monday afternoon on a busy street in north Toronto. Alek Minassian is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
Both men are from Richmond Hill, Ont.
Shortly after the van attack, Alex Minassian said they were contacted by several American news outlets that assumed they were the van driver police had taken in to custody.
Their Facebook profile was posted on several social media sites including Reddit, 4Chan and Twitter, naming them as the suspect in the tragedy. But that one different letter was important to Alex Minassian — who said they are not related to the alleged killer and that Minassian is a common name in Armenia and Iran.
NBC first contacted them and their family, they said. Then other news agencies followed. Their family was worried, they said.
"They knew I was innocent, but feared the negative backlash," they said.
It didn't help that later in the afternoon Facebook shut down Alek Minassian's profile, leaving just Alex Minassian from Richmond Hill, Ont., on the social media site.
By 5 p.m., Alex Minassian had had enough.
"Not me. No connection. NBC, ABC, CBC, stop harassing my friends and family," they wrote in a public Facebook post that received thousands of likes and dozens of messages of support.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
The A$AP Mob has been on a roll as of late, with the release of the “Wrong” video and single “RAF” featuring Lil Uzi Vert, Quavo and Frank Ocean. A$AP Ferg continued the wave on yesterday, surprising us with 4 new songs on their Soundcloud and reviving #TraplordTuesday.
They began on Instagram with a picture of actor Nia Long, whom one of the tracks is titled after. HighDefRazjah produced this upbeat banger, which was followed up a few hours later by the catchy “Aw Yea” featuring Lil Yachty over a Maaly Raw beat.
As if those two weren't enough, “Furious Ferg” was up next. A bass-heavy track featuring Ferg yelling a bit more than usual. They topped it all of “Plain Jane” which followed the same cadence as Juicy J's “Slob On My Knob.”
These tracks, all short in length, gave us a taste of what may be coming on future #TraplordTuesdays and a rumored new album. You can check these 4 songs out on Soundcloud now.
CRANBERRY, Pa. (AP/WATE) — Teen clothing retailer rue21 is closing about one-third of its stores nationwide, including some East Tennessee locations.
The company says it wants to focus more on its online business.
The privately held company is shutting nearly 400 stores, leaving it more than 700 stores in 48 states.
The company is based in Cranberry, north of Pittsburgh. In a Facebook post, it called the decision to close the stores “difficult but necessary.” Like many brick-and-mortar retailers, it has been battling declining mall traffic amid strong competition online.
The company didn't say how soon the stores will close, though its website is promoting store-closing sales.
East Tennessee stores closing:
Knoxville: 4231 Sam Walton Way
Alcoa: 207 Hamilton Crossing Drive
Crossville: 114 N. Main Street
Greeneville: 1327 Tusculum Blvd
Kingsport: 2101 Fort Henry Drive
By MARY CLARE JALONICK
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - House Democrats, frustrated by what they see as GOP inaction and with an eye on midterm elections, on Tuesday held the first of what they hope to be several interviews with witnesses who have not been interrogated in the Republican-led Russia investigations.
Democrats on the House Judiciary and Oversight and Government Reform committees interviewed former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie, who revealed that a data-mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and on whether Trump's campaign was involved. Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee plan to meet with Wylie on Wednesday. Republicans were invited to both meetings but declined to attend.
It was unclear if there were any new revelations in Tuesday's meeting, which lasted less than three hours and was attended by a handful of lawmakers. The Democrats said they would like to hold additional interviews, but it was unclear if any were scheduled.
At least one House Democrat who attended signaled a larger strategy was at play.
"The Republicans aren't always going to be in the majority," said Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Illinois, a member of the Oversight panel, after they left the interview with Wylie. "So I think we have to do our due diligence, we have to lay the groundwork for what we would actually want to do if we take back the House and we are operating in the majority in the committee."
The GOP-led House Intelligence Committee shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, concluding after dozens of interviews that they didn't see any evidence of collusion or coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia. Democrats were furious, arguing that Republicans hadn't subpoenaed many witnesses they considered essential. The Republican chairpeople of the Judiciary and Oversight panels declined to investigate the election meddling at all, saying they would instead leave that to special counsel Robert Mueller.
Still, Republicans on all three committees are investigating the Justice Department, looking into whether employees conspired against Trump in beginning its Russia investigation and whether the department's employees were biased in its investigation of Trump's 2016 opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton.
In a joint statement after the Wylie interview, Democrats on the Judiciary and Oversight committees said they raised serious questions about security.
"We must do more to learn how foreign actors collect and weaponize our data against us, and what impact social media has on our democratic processes," the lawmakers said in a joint statement.
Wylie worked for the U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica from 2013 to 2015. In several interviews last month, they said the firm sought information on Facebook to build psychological profiles on a large portion of the U.S. electorate. They said the company was able to amass the database quickly with the help of an academic, Aleksander Kogan, who developed a Facebook app called "This is Your Digital Life" that appeared to be a personality test. Wylie has said they fear that data may have been turned over to Russians who aimed to interfere with the U.S. election.
Cambridge Analytica was backed by the conservative billionaire Robert Mercer, a hedge-fund manager who supported the Trump campaign. The firm's vice president at one point was Steve Bannon, who later became Trump's campaign chairperson and White House adviser.
Leaving the interview, Wylie declined to say what was discussed but said they hope that Congress can investigate Cambridge Analytica and whether the firm's "actions were compliant with American law."
"I hope so," they said. "That's why I came."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017 file photo, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem. As Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy. Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017, that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon. (Gali Tibbon, Pool via AP, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During their final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution "may be passing" and said the "status quo is unsustainable."
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday. The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. They have appointed their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during their campaign that they wanted to be "very neutral" and try to get both sides together. But their tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. They have spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been "taken over" by or are condoning militant groups. Some of their top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated "very, very unfairly."
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit their position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
Thousands of Haitians with uncertain immigration status have fled the United States in recent weeks, walking across the New York border into Quebec seeking a safe haven in Canada, according to the United Nations' refugee agency and Canadian immigration lawyers.
An influx of asylum seekers has put a strain on Canadian authorities, which has led them to build tents on the border, shift resources and set up new shelter space. The influx has in part been from Haitians living in the U.S. who say they fear the Trump administration will soon end their protected status in the country, sending them back to Haiti.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has suggested that a program that allows Haitians to reside in the United States -- set up after an earthquake devastated their country in 2010 -- may end in January. Many Haitians crossing into Canada are saying they fear their protected status in the U.S. would soon end, according to the UN and immigration attorneys.
Inaccurate information spread through word of mouth and via social media has left many Haitians in the U.S. with the impression that Canada would be more willing to accept them as refugees, according to the UN, lawyers, and a community organization for Haitians in Canada. But Canada offers fewer protections than they would get south of the border. In the U.S., many Haitians have temporary protected status (TPS), meaning they can remain in the country without being deported; a similar program ended in Canada in 2014.
“When they come to the border, the way they are being received is welcome, it's warm,” Chantal Ismé, the vice president of the board of directors of La Maison d'Haïti, a Haitian community and cultural center in Montreal, told ABC News. “But it's a way of functioning. It's not pushing aside the laws. And Canada will apply the law.”
Summer rush
During the first six months of this year, Canadian authorities apprehended 4,345 asylum seekers crossing the border illegally -- over three quarters of whom were picked up in Quebec, according to government figures. The Canada Border Services Agency would not say how many were from Haiti, although it did say Haitian was the most common nationality in that time period.
In the winter months following the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Canada saw a spike in illegal crossings as those concerned about Donald Trump enacting tough immigration policy sought asylum there. "To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith," Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted soon after Trump's presidential inauguration in January.
Christinne Muschi/Reuters
In the spring months there was a dropoff, but the flow picked up again as temperatures rose and school let out. Numbers have especially fluctuated just north of Champlain, New York, near the official entry point at Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, Quebec, Nicholas Dorion, a spokesperson for the Canada Border Services Agency, told ABC News.
At the end of June, around 50 migrants were crossing each day, and in the last few weeks, the daily average jumped to 150-200 -- around 70 percent of whom were Haitian, and many of whom had been in the U.S. for years, according to Jean-Nicolas Beuze, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees' representative in Canada.
Stéphane Handfield, an immigration lawyer in Montreal whose firm represents over 100 Haitians who have recently crossed the border, told ABC News the daily rate was even higher. The Canadian government has yet to release figures for July or August, but Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board said Friday that thousands were believed to have crossed into Quebec "in the last month.”
“We have seen a shift of much more Haitians coming to Canada,” Beuze told ABC News.
Many of those fleeing the U.S. take taxis to one rural New York road that ends at the Canadian border, then walk a few yards across vegetation -- in an instant, leaving behind their lives in the U.S. -- and are, as they expect, promptly detained and processed by Canadian authorities. This is the first step in their asylum-claim process. One day last week, a young girl wearing a Hello Kitty backpack over their puffy winter coat was met by an officer after the quick walk -- just one of many children who have come along for the journey.
As shelters overflowed this month, 900 cots were rolled out in Montreal's Olympic stadium for asylum-seekers; 90 percent of the 800 people there last week were Haitian, Cédric Essiminy, a spokesperson for the stadium, told ABC News. Nearly 100 Canadian soldiers were deployed to the Quebec border on Wednesday to set up a temporary camp for around 500 people, the Canadian Armed Forces said.
False promises
Haitians walking across often have wrong impressions about the likelihood they could stay in Canada in the long term, according to Canadians helping them.
Around 60,000 Haitians in the U.S. have been protected from deportation through TPS, which was initiated following the 2010 earthquake that devastated their country. In May, then-U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly extended the program through January, but they suggested they might end it then.
“I believe there are indications that Haiti -- if its recovery from the 2010 earthquake continues at pace -- may not warrant further TPS extension past January 2018,” said Kelly, now the White House chief of staff.
While false information has spread over social media and in Haitian diaspora media that Canada would welcome them with open arms, in fact, Canada's post-earthquake protected status program for Haitians ran out in 2014.
Haitians are afforded no special protections in the country, and refugee claims are examined under the same criteria used in the U.S. In 2016, 51.2 percent of Haitians' claims that were processed were accepted in Canada, according to Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board, just a few points higher than the United States' acceptance rate, according to the UNHCR.
“It's true that Canada is welcoming, but in order to stay in Canada as a refugee, you need to have a valid claim, and I'm not sure all of those people crossing the border have valid claims,” Jean-Sébastien Boudreault, president of the Quebec Immigration Lawyers Association, told ABC News.
Farah Larrieux, a Haitian TV personality in Miramar, Florida, said panic is pushing the spread of erroneous rumors, like a WhatsApp message they received in June saying Canada would cover Haitians' immigration costs.
“There's a lot of information circulating within the different Haitian communities, in New York, in New Jersey, in south Florida, where they inform people that the Canadian government is waiting to welcome people,” Larrieux, who themselves holds temporary protected status in the U.S., told ABC News.
The fear is leading people who are safe in the U.S. for now to put themselves at greater risk.
"Some of them, they didn't know that if they get refused, Canada will send them back to Haiti," Handfield, the immigration lawyer, said. "I'm pretty sure that a lot of them will get refused as refugees in Canada.”
‘Nobody has a crystal ball'
Haitians aren't the only ones crossing into Canada -- although they were the most common nationality during the first six months of this year, according to the Canada Border Services Agency. Sudanese, Turkish, Eritrean, and American asylum-seekers were also common, the agency said.
Quebec serves as a particular draw to Haitian asylum seekers because of a shared language -- French -- and as the home to 90 percent of the 150,000 Haitians living in Canada, according to Ismé, of La Maison d'Haïti. Most live in the Montreal area, where the community has helped the newcomers find housing, furniture, and healthcare, and is pushing for access to schooling, they told ABC News.
Beuze, the UNHCR representative, said that the numbers so far are “completely manageable” but that it was difficult to predict whether the flood will continue.
“Nobody has a crystal ball,” they said. “It's a very individual decision at the end of the day, to decide to leave everything behind and come to Canada. And it's not a light one.”
California had already strengthened its laws requiring health insurers to cover contraceptives before Trump's ruling. pic.twitter.com/CwJ1P061vK — Lyanne Melendez (@LyanneMelendez) October 6, 2017
The Trump administration is rolling back another Obama-era regulation, this time on birth control.RELATED: Trump administration rolling back mandate to cover birth controlhttp://abc7news.com/news/trump-administration-rolling-back-mandate-to-cover-birth-control/2499421/The administration will allow more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.Under the Affordable Care Act, preventative services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.The share of female employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under four percent from 21 percent, but that all could change.Watch the video in the player above for Lyanne Melendez' full report.
Model S Owner Steve Wozniak Harshes on Elon Musk and Tesla
It's no shocker that Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak is wary of Elon Musk and Tesla -- they once said there is "way too much hype" around the company.
At a conference in Sweden last week, Wozniak, who owns two Model S vehicles, doubled down on their Tesla criticism -- while still leaving an opening for future optimism.
"Now, I don't believe anything Elon Musk or Tesla says," Wozniak said. "But I still love the ."
In their talk about Tesla, Wozniak recounted one incident at Lake Tahoe, where their Tesla skidded off an icy road and fell into a snow bank, according to Business Insider, which reported on the Q&A with Wozniak. Despite the accident, Wozniak said they maintained their trust for Tesla, upgrading their model when Tesla introduced the feature that allows Tesla owners to "summon" their self-driving vehicles.
They also bought into Musk's promise that the car would be able to drive itself across the United States by the end of 2016. But after Tesla broke up with the Israel company that developed sensors for Tesla and Musk's promise wasn't realized, their trust was damaged, said Wozniak.
"I'm sure the next car will come out and Elon's promise will be that (this is the car that delivers)," said Wozniak, with author Seth Godin moderating the talk.
Wozniak also took shots at the state of Tesla's current state of self-driving technology. They said longtime car manufacturers such as Audi and BMW are ahead of Tesla in the race for self-driving cars.
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Tesla/Elon Musk Twitter page.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane was pleased with the showings of debutant Oupa Manyisa and George Lebese despite their loss against Maritzburg United in the MTN8 quarter-finals.
Masandawana were knocked out of the top-eight competition courtesy of a stunning strike by Evans Rusike which dampened the debuts of the former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs midfielders, but Mosimane says they were pleased with their performances.
‘First, on Oupa [Manyisa], on what I saw in the game today is what I thought we will get out of him.' they told reporters.
‘If you don't know Sundowns and you're from outside you will never see anything out of the two players who just joined the team.
‘They just fit like a hand in the glove, that's why I signed these players, that's why we opted for these players because you don't sign just to sign, you have to sign in specific positions,' they added.
‘Oupa came in as replacement for Teko [Modise]. We need that kind of creativity. They played very well. They took a shot outside the box as is their speciality because we always push opponents on the edge of the box.
‘Him and [Hlompho] Kekana are deadly there. They have got a good shot and I think if the ball didn't deflect a bit, we could be telling a different story,' they added.
The former Bafana Bafana mentor also revealed that the acquisition of Lebese is seen as a direct replacement for Montpellier winger Keagan Dolly.
‘George [Lebese] plays on the left, the way we play. They fit in very well, they replace Keagan [Dolly],' they concluded.
Photo: Samuel Shivambu/Backpagepix
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Another day, another tech conference. Now that SXSW is behind us, it's time for GDC 2018. We've arrived in San Francisco to cover the latest edition of the Game Developers Conference, where you can expect to see plenty of new indie titles, AR and VR projects and even films about the gaming industry. Oh, and Fortnite -- you know, we're definitely going to hear from Epic Games about its smash-hit.
Amazon and Facebook, meanwhile, have already made announcements of their own, and this week we'll speak to execs from both companies about their overall gaming strategies. To make sure you don't miss any news that come out of GDC, bookmark this page here.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2018!
For console owners, Xbox Insiders will be able to link their Discord account to their Xbox Live account first before it rolls out to the greater community soon. Navigate to 'Account Settings' in the service's menu and pick 'Linked social accounts,' where you'll find the option to link to Discord.
PC owners will get to join the fun 'in the coming weeks,' but they'll link up through the Discord app. An Xbox Live option will appear in the Connections tab under User Settings for users to link to their Xbox account. After either method, friends in the same Discord servers will be able to see what you're playing on Xbox Live.
POINT PLEASANT — The Bikes & BBQ event, along with the Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club Baking Contest and Tasting Reception, are both steadily approaching with pre-registration taking place for the amateur BBQ competition and baking contest.
Both events are set for Saturday, June 9.
Bikes & BBQ will be taking place on Main Street with registration for the bike rides and the BBQ competition beginning at 8 a.m.
Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club Baking Contest and Tasting Reception will be taking place on Fourth Street and participants are asked to bring their baked goods to the event's tent on Fourth Street by 9:30 a.m., so judging can start at 10 a.m.
Members of Bike Point and the Point Pleasant Parks and Recreational Committee joined together to provide Bikes & BBQ for the community. Gabe Roush, Point Pleasant city council member and Bike Point member, said the proceeds of the event will be going to the Point Pleasant Parks and Recreational Committee.
Four bike routes will be available for cyclists, registration cost is $25 for all routes and anyone who signs up gets a free tee-shirt. Roush reported online registration is closed, so participants not already registered must register on the day of the event.
The 26 mile and 46-mile ride will both begin at 9 a.m., the 26 mile ride will be going out through the country and the 46-mile ride will be to New Haven explained Roush. The 20-mile ride will begin at 10 a.m., the route going out WV-817 and the 6-mile ride will begin at 11 a.m., the route being a light cruise through town. Roush commented a support vehicle will be following behind the 26 mile and 46 mile rides.
The amateur BBQ competition will have two categories this year, pork ribs and chicken quarters. Roush said meats will be provided to participants. Team registration is currently $80. Roush commented three teams have already pre-registered.
There will be no sampling of the amateur competition BBQ this year, but a BBQ vendor will be set up for the guests. The event will also offer live music by 5:42, J2, Jacob Gilmore, and The Flatrock Revival. Also, a bouncy house will be set up.
Entry forms can be downloaded at https://www.bikepointpleasant.org/bikesbbq.
Tu-Endie-Garden Club Representative Molly Park shared the purpose of the club's baking contest and tasting reception is to provide money to purchase flowers the club members plant each year in Point Pleasant.
Individuals interested in participating are asked to bake their best desserts made from scratch using no box mixes.
Park explained the baked goods will be sold afterward and the public will be able to purchase a plate for five dollars which will be filled with a sampling or pay one dollar for a taste.
A prize of $25 will be awarded in the category of cakes and cupcakes, another $25 prize for pies and cobblers, and a final $25 prize will be awarded to the best brownie, cookie, or square. The total monetary amount of prizes being $75 commented Park.
Anyone interested in baking an item for the contest is asked to contact any of the following members: Molly Park at molly.park@me.com to receive the entry form by email, or 304-675-5027, Jeanie Brooks at jeanie.brooks@gmail.com, or 304-675-0300, or Sally Rosenthal, at sarose31@gmail.com, or 304-593-4711.
The entry fee for each item is currently seven dollars.
Entry forms will also be available from Four Seasons Floral and the Tourism Center in Point Pleasant.
Pictured are cyclists preparing to take on one of the routes for the inaugural Bikes & BBQ event last year. The event returns next month. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_6.13-PPR-Ride-1.jpg Pictured are cyclists preparing to take on one of the routes for the inaugural Bikes & BBQ event last year. The event returns next month. File photo
Registration open for Bikes & BBQ, baking contest
By Erin Perkins eperkins@aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach them at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach them at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis is cautioning bishops to avoid politicking, business and high society.
Francis elevated to bishops' rank three priests during a ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica on Monday evening.
They said bishops should "abandon the temptation to become princes," and that they are tasked "more with serving than dominating." They told them to be available to priests in their jurisdiction "the same day, or at most, the next day" after being sought.
Francis told the three they were chosen "not for business, not for high society, not for politics." In their five years as pope, Francis has insisted clerics must serve the rank-and-file and avoid seeking glory.
The new bishops are: Monsignors Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag from Pelplin diocese, Poland; Alfred Xuereb, Gozo diocese, Malta; and Jose Avelino Bettencourt, Ottawa archdiocese in Canada.
For political neophytes, getting the chance to work on a federal election campaign in Ottawa is something of a dream job.
It's not glamorous work. They fill out forms. Answer phones. Monitor social media. Nevertheless, it gives young people access to the most important halls of power and allows them play a role in shaping the future of the country.
It also comes with a warning.
“You were told to stay away from certain MPs. You were told to be careful about where you went with certain MPs, even myself as a young male staffer,” said Niagara West-Glanbrook Progressive Conservative MPP Sam Oosterhoff, who worked for the federal Conservatives during the 2015 election. “So, I can only imagine what that was like, and having those conversations with my female colleagues at the time, who expressed discomfort. And it was never a particular issue, it was always a general understanding that there was a toxic atmosphere in place sometimes that, in all parties.”
Oosterhoff,the youngest person to be elected to Queen's Park, shared their experience of life in the political bubble of Parliament Hill with The Standard this week after the allegations of sexual misconduct precipitated the resignations of Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown and party president and former St. Catharines MP, Rick Dykstra.
Brown resigned after CTV News reported sexual misconduct allegations made by two women against him.
Dykstra stepped down from the party a few days later just before MacLean's Magazine published a story alleging they sexually assaulted a young woman in Ottawa.
Both men have denied the allegations against them.
Federal Conservative leader Andrew Sheer has launched an internal investigation to determine why Dykstra was allowed to stand as a candidate for the party when the assault allegations were known and being debated by party leaders.
Oosterhoff, 21, did not say which MPs they were warned to stay away from and said they were never informed of a specific allegation about sexual assault.
However, they said young staffers were keenly aware that it would be unwise to spend time with some politicians, particularly at night.
“It's a high-powered environment. There are incredible expectations, very long work hours, alcohol flows freely in the evenings, at least it did federally,” they said. “And I think that that's the type of environment where those types of behaviours can flourish unless there's a change, and I think there is a change. I think, when I was there staffing, then younger staffers were saying this isn't okay, this is unacceptable, and we're not going to allow this type of situation.”
Oosterhoff said attitudes around sexual conduct sometimes break down along demographic lines: older, established politicians vs the younger generation.
“What I talked about during my nomination already, back in 2016, is something that I think is really coming back to haunt some of these situations for the Old Boys club,” they said. “There's a feeling in politics that people deserve to get certain things because of their status, whether they've been an MP for 10 years, or whether they have had an elected position for a while, or who they know.”
Oosterhoff said they are not painting all older, male politicians with the same brush, but said they believe that for some, acquiring positions of power allowed them to “take advantage of that position and use it for sexual harassment or sexual abuse. Because it was something that had always happened, it was an Old Boys club, this is what it meant to quote, unquote ‘have game', or something like that, in some sort of twisted approach to masculinity.”
Oosterhoff, who said they were shocked by the allegations levelled against Brown and Dykstra and praised the bravery of the women who came forward, said political culture is changing because of the next wave of politicians
“I think there's a shift occurring in younger generations, such as mine, that understand the importance of equality, that understand the importance of dignity, and worth, and that see the need for men to hold themselves and to be held up to higher standards when it comes to their behaviour and when it comes to their treatment of women, and I'm very, very impressed by the number of women who have come forward with these allegations, which are serious, but are necessary to come forward with. I don't think you can see meaningful change on these types of actions on these types of behaviours unless we have people that are willing to come forward and speak about their behaviour.”
Nocturnal Wonderland is the grandaddy of all the Southern California electronic dance music festivals.
Since it started in 1995, the multi-stage, multi-day festival has grown to become one of the most anticipated events on the EDM calendar.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
The festival will return to the grounds of San Bernardino County's Glen Helen Regional Park in Devore– adjacent to Glen Helen Amphitheater — on Sept. 14 and 15.
Tickets go on sale at noon Friday, June 8, via www.nocturnalwonderland.com. Passes start at $99.95 for a two-day general admission pass. Tent camping starts at $160; car camping starts at $220; RV camping starts at $284.25. Typically, Nocturnal Wonderland is limited to guests 18 and older.
Concertgoers enter the Nocturnal Wonderland festival at the grounds of San Manuel Amphitheater in Devore on Sept. 21, 2013. (File Photo by Vanessa Franko)
Festival goers dance during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
A woman wears a glowing bow at Nocturnal Wonderland at San Manuel Amphitheater in Devore on Sept. 21, 2013. (File photo by Vanessa Franko)
Festival goers dance to the heavy bass music coming from the Labyrinth stage and DJ Danny Avila during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers dance to Two Fresh as they play their heavy bass mix on the Queen's Grounds stage during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers dance to the heavy bass music coming from the Labyrinth stage and DJ Danny Avila during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers enjoy the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File Photo by Terry Pierson)
A festival goer dances with lights as they enjoy the 2014 Nocturnal Wonderland electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Performers have not yet been announced for the festival.
Gunman dead after attacking US members of congress at Virginia baseball field
A gunman who sprayed bullets at Republican lawmakers during baseball practice in a Washington DC suburb has died, US President Donald Trump said.
The attacker, identified as Illinois native James T Hodgkinson, was taken to hospital and died from their injuries.
House of Representatives Majority Whip Steve Scalise was one of five injured in the early morning attack at a park in Alexandria, Virginia.
Two police officers suffered non-life threatening wounds as they fired back.
“We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country,” Mr Trump said, describing the attack as a “very, very brutal assault”.
What we know about suspect
James T Hodgkinson is a 66-year-old man from Belleville, Illinois, a small city just across the Mississippi River from the city of St Louis, Missouri
Mr Hodgkinson's wife told ABC News they moved to Virginia two months ago
Their Facebook account shows anti-Republican and anti-Trump rhetoric
They were a volunteer on the campaign of former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders
They also called Mr Scalise, who is recovering from surgery, a “very good friend”, a “patriot and a fighter”.
The lawmakers were practising for the annual congressional ballgame that organisers vowed would go ahead as planned on Thursday at Nationals Park, home of Major League Baseball team the Washington Nationals.
Alexandria police said the FBI was taking over the investigation into the shooting, which began shortly after 07:00 (11:00 GMT) on Wednesday morning at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park.
‘Sitting ducks'
As well as Mr Scalise, two police officers, Krystal Griner and David Bailey, Tyson Food lobbyist Matt Mika and Zack Barth, a congressional aide for Texas lawmaker Roger Williams, were injured.
Mr Scalise, who was shot in the hip, was said to be “doing well” after surgery.
Senator Mike Lee, a Utah Republican, said someone at the baseball field had used a belt as a tourniquet on Mr Scalise, who is the number three House Republican.
South Carolina member of congress Jeff Duncan said the suspect had asked them whether Republicans or Democrats were practising before shots rang out.
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul told Fox News: “I do believe without the Capitol Hill police it would have been a massacre.
“We had no defence at all. The field was basically a killing field.”
They said they were lucky that Mr Scalise was present because they have a security detail owing to their congressional seniority.
Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, told CNN they were on third base during the baseball game when they saw Mr Scalise, who was on second base, shot.
They said Mr Scalise had a bullet hole in their leg, but was saying: “I'm OK, I'm OK.”
Mr Brooks said everyone on the field scattered as 50 to 100 shots were fired.
They said a gunfight had ensued between the shooter and the members of congress's police security detail, who were armed with pistols.
Mr Brooks, who took refuge behind a batting cage, said the gunman was armed with a rifle and was “blasting away” from behind the dugout, using it for protection.
Mr Brooks said members of congress Chuck Fleischmann, of Tennessee, Ron DeSantis, of Florida, and Jeff Duncan, of South Carolina, were among 15-25 lawmakers at the game.
Asked by a CNN host if the attack was deliberate, Mr Brooks replied: “Well, it sure as heck wasn't an accident! BBC News
On June 2, 1886, 28 fashionable guests gathered solemnly in the Blue Room of the White House in anticipation of a rare matrimonial event.
President Grover Cleveland, a notorious bachelor at 49, was to wed 21-year-old Frances Folsom after a yearlong clandestine engagement. Wedding invitations had been sent only five days before.
Never before — or since — had a sitting president taken their vows in the White House. But while many facets of Cleveland's executive affair resembled 21st-century wedding revelry, the Blue Room ceremony would seem strange in some ways to a modern wedding guest.
The newlyweds did not kiss to seal their vows; the stoic president detested such a public display of affection. And the cake was far from a white-frosted, tiered confection.
The Clevelands celebrated with a 25-pound nut-laden fruitcake, which was common for wedding cakes until almost the 20th century, says Claire Stewart, author of As Long as We Both Shall Eat: A History of Wedding Food and Feasts.
As Stewart, a former executive chef and culinary management professor, explains in their new book, "the white layered confection known today is a fairly modern invention." But the rituals of the cake, including joint cutting and sharing, are centuries old.
Stewart believes that studying the feasts and fancies of weddings past offers so much more than historical detail. It provides insight into our own lives — why we celebrate as we do today.
For example, the symbolism behind cake traditions likely encompasses a complex mix of purity, fertility and superstition.
"Ancient Roman wedding ceremonies were finalized by breaking a cake of wheat or barley (mustaceum) over the bride's head as a symbol of good fortune," Carol Wilson writes in the food studies journal Gastronomica.
It's likely this particular ritual was also a very public display signaling the groom's new possession of their bride's virginity. Modern wedding cakes, with their snowy white and flowery exteriors, can be seen as an extension of this same concept.
But the modern wedding cake's rise to "visual cornerstone and iconic marriage symbol" is just one aspect of the feast of wedding history that Stewart's book serves up.
As privileged guests raised a glass to the newlywed President and Mrs. Cleveland, they were likely unaware they were partaking in a toasting practice dating back as far as the sixth century. Stewart writes that the tradition of the champagne wedding toast "stems from a time when unions between warring factions could serve to forge peace."
A celebratory sip from a communal cup by the father of the bride at a reception once signified to all in attendance that the provided wine was safe to consume. And clinking glasses together might be part of a long-held superstition that the sound scared away the devil. Even the term "toast" likely stems from "a time when spirits were often rancid, and a piece of spiced bread was put into the cup to improve the flavor," Stewart writes.
Wedding trends — as well as standards of etiquette — have historically trickled down from the upper echelons, Stewart explains, "with the lower classes eager to replicate the restrained behavior of their so-called betters."
In the Renaissance era, for example, "peasants or the lower classes had very raucous wedding affairs, with lots of drinking and games. It was considered a giant party where everyone and anyone was invited." These boisterous parties were also meant to prove that a bride's family could afford to throw an extravagant celebration.
But, according to Stewart, "the wealthy elite didn't have to work to project wealth," so their wedding celebrations were much more subdued. Soon, upwardly mobile members of the middle class took notice of how the wealthy elite incorporated specific guest lists and careful itineraries into their wedding festivities. By the 1800s, the more "staid wedding repast" became the idealized wedding for everyone.
During the Victorian age, when restraint and propriety were paramount virtues, the focus of the wedding celebration suddenly shifted away from the food and onto the decorations.
"Victorians tended to see all indulgence as filthy. The consumption of food in general seemed to them a rather animalistic endeavor — one they wanted to distance themselves from as much as possible," Stewart says. It was impolite to even comment on the wedding food at all.
Blame this for the intense importance that some modern couples put on centerpieces and wedding favors.
An edition of the The Dodge City (Kan.) Times, dated June 10, 1886, reveals that guests at Cleveland's wedding were sent home with "satin boxes containing dainty pieces of the bridal cake, each one bearing the hand-painted monogram "C.--F." While presumably most revelers ate their gifts shortly after the wedding, at least a couple of pieces have been preserved for posterity.
The Grover Cleveland Birthplace museum in Caldwell, N.J., houses a 130-year-old slice in its collection — albeit with one bite missing. As the story goes, a visiting Cub Scout was dared to take a tiny nibble in the 1950s.
After more than 60 years in a decaying cardboard box, the cake couldn't have tasted very good.
Then again, it is fruitcake: black, cement-like and heavy - so perhaps it was simply impossible to tell.
Nicole Jankowski is a freelance food, history and culture writer based in Detroit. You can find them on Facebook here.
I have researched Xinjiang for three decades. Ethnic tensions have been common during all those years, and soon after Sept. 11, Chinese authorities started invoking the specter of “the three evil forces of separatism, extremism and terrorism” as a pretense to crack down on Uighurs. But state repression in Xinjiang has never been as severe as it has become since early 2017, when Chen Quanguo, the C.C.P.'s new leader in the region, began an intensive securitization program.
Mr. Chen has brought to Xinjiang the grid system of checkpoints, police stations, armored vehicles and constant patrols that they perfected while in their previous post in Tibet. The C.C.P. credits them with having quieted there a restive ethnic group unhappy with its rule. In their first year governing Xinjiang, Mr. Chen has already recruited tens of thousands of new security personnel.
They have also deployed high-tech tools to create a better police state. Uighurs' DNA is collected during state-run medical checkups. Local authorities install a GPS tracking system in vehicles. All communication software is banned except WeChat, which grants the police access to users' calls, texts and other shared content. When Uighurs buy a kitchen knife, their ID data is etched on the blade.
Some Uighurs report getting a knock on their door from security agents soon after receiving a call from overseas. Last autumn, one Uighur told me that following several such intimidating visits over the summer, their elderly parents had texted him, “The phone screen is bad for our old eyes, so we're not using it anymore.” They had not heard from them since.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Xinjiang authorities have recently enforced a spate of regulations, including some that confound common sense, against Uighur customs. A law now bans face coverings but also “abnormal” beards. A Uighur village party chief was demoted for not smoking, on the grounds that this failing displayed an insufficient “commitment to secularization.” Officials in Kashgar, a city in southwest Xinjiang, recently jailed several prominent Uighur business people for not praying enough at a funeral — a sign of “extremism,” they claimed.
Any such violation, or simply being a Uighur artist or wealthy business person, can lead to indefinite detention in what the government euphemistically calls “political training centers” — a revival of punitive Maoist re-education camps — secured by high walls, razor wire, floodlights and guard towers. A revered Uighur Islamic scholar is said to have died in one of those centers last week.
Adrian Zenz, a researcher at the European School of Culture and Theology, estimates that 5 percent of the Uighur population across Xinjiang has been or is currently detained — more than 500,000 people. Local orphanages overflow with the children of detainees; some children reportedly are sent to facilities in the eastern parts of China.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why are so many Uighurs subjected to these harsh policies? A Chinese official in Kashgar explained: “You can't uproot all the weeds hidden among the crops in the field one by one — you need to spray chemicals to kill them all.” The C.C.P., once quite liberal in its approach to diversity, seems to be redefining Chinese identity in the image of the majority Han — its version, perhaps, of the nativism sweeping other parts of the world. With ethnic difference itself now defined as a threat to the Chinese state, local leaders like Mr. Chen feel empowered to target Uighurs and their culture wholesale.
Some people in the Chinese bureaucracy and Chinese academic circles disagree with this approach. They worry that locking down an entire province and persecuting an entire ethnic group will cause deep resentment among Uighurs. Or they note that Mr. Chen's policies are so burdensome that they will be difficult to sustain: Han Chinese residents of Xinjiang also complain about the inconvenience and cost of living in such a police state.
Then there are the international repercussions. Nothing shreds soft power abroad like coils of razor wire at home.
There's an old Chinese joke about Uighurs being the Silk Road's consummate entrepreneurs: When the first Chinese astronaut steps off their spaceship onto the moon, they will find a Uighur already there selling lamb kebabs. And so even as Mr. Chen cracks down in Xinjiang, the Chinese government touts the region as the gateway for its “One Belt, One Road” initiative, a new Silk Road through Central Asia and the Middle East. The grand idea combines a plan to spend billions of dollars in development loans and transport investment with a strategic bid to establish China's diplomatic primacy in Asia.
But how does the C.C.P. think that directives banning fasting during Ramadan in Xinjiang, requiring Uighur shops to sell alcohol and prohibiting Muslim parents from giving their children Islamic names will go over with governments and peoples from Pakistan to Turkey?
Tibetans know well this hard face of China. Hong Kongers must wonder: If Uighur culture is criminalized and Xinjiang's supposed autonomy is a sham, what will happen to their own vibrant Cantonese culture and their city's shaky “one country, two systems” arrangement with Beijing? What might Taiwan's reunification with a securitized mainland look like? Will the big-data police state engulf the rest of China? The rest of the world?
As China's profile grows on the international stage, everyone would do well to ask whether what happens in Xinjiang will stay in Xinjiang.
Before there was Netflix, or HBO, or cable, or streaming television of any kind, there were networks and seasons of TV that fed water-cooler conversation because everyone was watching the same shows. Now the television landscape is much more spread out, but that doesn't mean a network show can't still capture the public's attention. NBC's "This Is Us" averaged 15 million viewers a week last year and racked up a list of Emmy nominations for its first season, including outstanding drama series.
Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal visited the Paramount Studios lot here in LA the other day to talk to Dan Fogelman, who created and now runs "This Is Us." The show's second season starts Sept. 26, and Fogelman and the rest of the cast and crew were deep in production. The following is an edited transcript of Ryssdal and Fogelman's conversation.
Dan Fogelman: We're shooting tonight. We're actually shooting in the desert tonight with — Sylvester Stallone is coming on and doing a whole war scene with us in a movie within the show today. So we're heading out there today to work with Sly.
Kai Ryssdal: You call them Sly now?
Fogelman: Yeah, I guess I'm trying it out.
Ryssdal: Are you the decider? You're the guy?
Fogelman: Yes, apparently, I'm told. Yeah. It's a weird position where you have to make these big decisions for this very popular show, and suddenly you still feel like a kid who's starting out doing a TV show and you realize, "Oh crap, I'm the one who's going to make the call that is the thing."
Ryssdal: You wrote a thing in, and somebody is going to yell at me about this, either Variety or the Hollywood Reporter, I can't remember which, and it was an ode, really, to network television.
Fogelman: Right. Yeah.
Ryssdal: What is it about network TV for you as opposed to cable and, ooh, "Game of Thrones" and HBO?
Fogelman: Well, I love cable. I mean, I just was literally like a 10-year-old boy on the phone driving here, talking my best friend, who was stuck in traffic, and we were analyzing the last episode of Game of Thrones, like nerds. So I love it all. For me, I grew up on network TV. I was born in 1976. And so the '80s were where I watched my television. I was kind of raised by television, to a certain degree. So there was HBO, a little, if you were lucky enough to get it, and you could see boobs. But for the most part, it was the four channels. Now obviously the world has shifted, but I think there is still something about network television. It's the way that it's accessible to people still. It's interesting where we're nominated for awards coming up with all these shows, the "Better Call Sauls" and, "The Handmaid's Tale," and "The Crown," and all these really, really cable streaming shows.
Related Predictability is bad for Netflix and HBO, but great for network television The afterlife of television
Ryssdal: Well, you know, to that point about the awards, I mean this is, I think, the first network show nominated for an Emmy for best drama in like six-ish years.
Fogelman: Yeah. If you had asked me a year ago would we be in this kind of conversation and company, I didn't see that coming, just because of the nature of the show. It's about people, and there's a heavy dose of comedy and sentimentality, and those are death-knell words for a show when you're trying to be critically well-received.
Ryssdal: What do you make of this whole peak TV argument, that there's just so much, maybe too much?
Fogelman: Yeah. I mean, I don't think there can ever be too much. I mean, supply and demand will dictate when too much is too much. When shows are no longer viable because there's just too many of them, they will make fewer shows. I think it's a real American art form right now, television, that's thriving. I think what I've been saying to people is in this landscape, if you're going to come in with a show idea, you better be doing some part of it exceptionally, because otherwise you're just going to get swallowed up by the amount.
Ryssdal: What was the elevator pitch for this thing when you went to NBC?
Fogelman: I pitched them very comprehensively the second episode of the show, saying, "I know you guys are very into this pilot that you just watched, and Mandy Moore and Milo Ventimiglia are adorable together. The second episode picks up eight years later. Those little babies are now 8 years old. Milo has a mustache. He's drinking, and their marriage is at a crossroads. And, like, the network had to get their head around that — that that's going to be the second episode of the show. And it seems really easy now to look back on it and say, "Oh yeah, that's a really cool idea." But that's a scary thing when you're pouring all the money they were pouring into a show and putting it in their best time slot.
Ryssdal: So what's your stress level?
Fogelman: It was worse season one, because it was all new and happening quickly. Now I'm just kind of zen, and I'm too tired to be stressed out. You don't get this opportunity much, where people are hanging on your every word on a television show, and it's in the zeitgeist. And there's going to be a Super Bowl this year, and after the Super Bowl, a gazillion people are going to tune in to our television show, and I think it's going to be a big event.
Ryssdal: That's terrifying, no, come on, that's terrifying!
Fogelman: No, because I've got really good people. The actors are so good. I can write some really bad stuff, and they'll make it seem really good. So I've already got that crutch. It's more like I want it to be perfect, and I want those big moments to be perfectly executed. So I'm driving people here crazy a little bit. Like, we shot a scene the other day that's awesome and it's really good, but I didn't like a couple of aspects of it. And they're are aspects that aren't just one-offs, they're going to come back in later episodes. And so I said, "We're going back and we're re-shooting it, because we have to get this right."
Ryssdal: And that's you being the guy who makes the decisions.
Fogelman: I guess.
Ryssdal: And in charge, right?
Fogelman: And spends the money. We've got this platform right now, we've got the show and we've got to take advantage of the moment. So it's more than stressful. It's exciting, I think.
Correction (August 14, 2017): A previous version of this story misstated the season two premiere date for "This Is Us." It's September 26.
By Tendai Kamhungira
Outspoken Zanu PF activist and business person Energy Mutodi says President Robert Mugabe will soon find themselves standing alone if they continue protecting the generation 40 (G40) faction.
They cited Mugabe's much publicised fallout with former freedom fighters as a harbinger of worse things to come if they do not endear themselves with those in Zanu PF who are against the G40 faction.
Zanu PF is divided along two antagonistic factions, the G40 and Team Lacoste faction which are fighting to succeed the increasingly frail nonagenarian.
Writing on their official Facebook page, the politician-cum-musician said Mugabe has failed to turn around the country's fortunes and should consider stepping down.
“The president has also recently shown signs of poor reasoning after they fell prey to a G40-led ploy to isolate them from their support base, mainly war veterans who delivered the country's independence,” Mutodi said.
War veterans who were backing Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa were expelled from the ruling party last year and went on to serve the nonagenarian with divorce papers ending a long relationship that predated the country's independence in 1980.
“The veteran president who is the country's only ruler since independence from Britain in 1980 has presided over a dying economy mainly due to their poor policies, corruption and economic mismanagement.
“Among these policies include the land reform and the indigenisation policies that do not only scare away investors but also breed unemployment and poverty. Zimbabwe no longer has a currency of its own and millions of its people have fled to other countries in search of employment and better standards of living,” Mutodi said.
The business person was however full of praises for Mnangagwa whom they claim is the best politburo member in Zanu PF, while their counterpart Phelekezela Mphoko they say is the worst.
Mutodi ranked Mugabe fourth saying that the Zanu PF leader's failure to name a successor and also their habit of shielding corrupt government officials makes them a bad leader.
They further accuse Mugabe of protecting Higher and Tertiary Education minister Jonathan Moyo, following allegations that the former Information and Media minster siphoned over $400 000 from the Zimbabwe Manpower Development Fund.
“He (Mugabe) has also been accused of nepotism after they appointed their son-in-law Simba Chikore as new Air Zimbabwe boss,” Mutodi said.
Mutodi, who is regarded as an ally of Mnangagwa and the Team Lacoste faction said the Midlands godfather is likely to take over from Mugabe this year, adding that they have attracted the support of the Chinese, the British and the Americans and has been actively involved in re-engagement efforts.
They said Mugabe is presiding over an economy where parents cannot afford to send their children to school, pay medical bills or bury their relatives in a decent manner.
“Most Zimbabwean youths find it hard to make ends meet and survive through prostitution and cross-border trading while Mugabe and their ministers enjoy lavish overseas holidays with their families,” they said. Daily News
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the war in Syria (all times local):
2:15 p.m.
Russia says demands for Iran's complete withdrawal from Syria are "unrealistic."
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday after meeting with their Jordanian counterpart that Iran is one of the key powers in the region, and that it would be "absolutely unrealistic" to expect it to abandon its interests. They said regional powers should discuss mutual complaints and negotiate a compromise.
Russia and Iran have provided crucial military support to Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces, helping them turn the tide in the civil war.
Israel has said it will not tolerate an Iranian military presence in Syria and has launched military strikes against Iranian targets there in recent months.
Lavrov said Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump would discuss the situation in southern Syria, where government forces are waging a new offensive, at their July 16 summit. They said a cease-fire in the region brokered by Russia, Jordan and the U.S. had envisioned the withdrawal of non-Syrian forces and the deployment of Syrian troops along the frontier with Israel.
___
10:45 a.m.
Islamic State media outlets are reporting that the son of the group's leader has been killed fighting Syrian government forces.
The announcement of the death of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group's social media accounts late Tuesday. It included a picture of a young boy carrying a rifle and identified them as Huthaifa al-Badri.
The statement did not specify when they were killed. It said they were an elite fighter who was killed while fighting Syrian and Russia troops at a power station in the central Homs province.
Al-Baghdadi has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions but is widely believed to still be alive. IS has been driven from nearly all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq.
President Donald Trump named and condemned "repugnant" hate groups and declared that "racism is evil" in a far more forceful statement than he'd made earlier after deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.for more stories, photos, and video on President Donald Trump.
Kicking off the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday, President's Trump welcomed a most distinguished dignitary: the Easter Bunny.
Trump appeared with first lady Melania Trump and the couple's 11-year-old son, Barron, to make opening remarks at the event. Also accompanying the leader of the free world was a certain bespectacled and cotton-tailed mascot, making for a rather surreal image that quickly exploded on Twitter. (Fortunately for him, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was apparently relieved of their past duty as the bunny suit occupant.)
could they make the Easter Bunny slightly less terrifying or is that not possible — Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) April 17, 2017
The Donnie Darko sequel has taken an unexpected turn. pic.twitter.com/VeSGNvOIDj — andrew kaczynski ???? (@KFILE) April 17, 2017
laugh now but this easter rabbit will soon be appointed to the national security council pic.twitter.com/O17KRlrEyX — Ziwe (@ziwe) April 17, 2017
Trump: Why are you wearing that stupid bunny suit? Easter bunny: Why are you wearing that stupid president suit? pic.twitter.com/guj1IkZED3 — Trey Williams (@Trey3Williams) April 17, 2017
Hope that bunny enjoys its vision insurance while they still have it pic.twitter.com/808iEMW1Oc — Mathew Rodriguez (@mathewrodriguez) April 17, 2017
When you figure out what the secret gig is pic.twitter.com/Ks1MY9VPzj — Caro (@socarolinesays) April 17, 2017
siri show me the worst hip-hop trio of all time pic.twitter.com/8bZP8AHZCZ — CONWAY TWEETY (@edsbs) April 17, 2017
Jeb's in the bunny suit — Simon Maloy (@SimonMaloy) April 17, 2017
It's nice to see Trump's given Bannon a new position. https://t.co/c0u9yXvJXN — MachoManBouierSavage (@NickBouier) April 17, 2017
Wait, is that THE Easter Bunny? Wow. Good get. https://t.co/z3WVGEfbDQ — Josh Greenman (@joshgreenman) April 17, 2017
The New York commuters trudged along beneath Times Square: Monday morning, off to work. Walking among them was a man in a hooded sweatshirt.
Then a deafening boom came from him, and then smoke. And then the commuters ran.
The explosion, which the police said was from a pipe bomb strapped to the man, in the long corridor connecting the subway stations at Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, reverberated through the maze of tunnels and passageways of the city's busiest transit hub. People scurried like mice, in any direction, unable to figure out where the boom came from. Some stood paralyzed.
Upstairs in the bus terminal, Alicja Wlodkowski was sitting in a restaurant when they saw people run by. “A woman fell, and nobody even stopped to help them because it was so crazy,” said Ms. Wlodkowski, 51, of Stroudsburg, Pa. “I was standing and watching and scared. I didn't want to go after the people. I didn't want to go anywhere.”
It was about 7:30 a.m. On a northbound R train pulling into Times Square, a transit officer shouted an order to evacuate. “Everybody was pretty orderly at first,” said Steve Hawkins, 55, a passenger on the train. “Once we got upstairs, everybody started running.”
Video
Law enforcement personnel swarmed the area, herding people, shouting orders. The subway station and the bus terminal were evacuated. No trains, no buses. Traffic stacked up at the Lincoln Tunnel.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On the corner of Eighth Avenue and 40th Street, Shantell Baines, 34, was sobbing, their black carry-on bag beside them
Op-Art: Conditioning
To have or have not an air-conditioner in the throes of summer. By R. Kikuo Johnson. Part of Summerscapes, an occasional series on the rites of summer.
The Friends of Northwood Cemetery have been announced as winners of a prestigious Isle of Wight Society Conservation Award for 2018.
The award scheme is for the promotion of buildings and the environment on the Island. The society works with the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA, Isle of Wight). The aim is to encourage a high standard of planning, architecture, and the conservation of buildings and their setting on the Isle of Wight.
Entries are judged mainly on their quality of design and the work overall and also the visual impact on the environment. With support from the council, the volunteer group restored the two chapels at Northwood Cemetery, Northwood, from near collapse, following the successful application for a Heritage Lottery Grant.
Highlighting significant achievement and dedication
Cabinet member for environment and heritage, Cllr John Hobart, said,
“This well-deserved Isle of Wight Society award highlights the significant achievement and dedication that the group has made in bringing back two dilapidated buildings for community use and the council has been proud to support them in this project. “The goal was to bring the buildings back into use via a newly created partnership with the council and the Friends of Northwood Cemetery uniquely taking on the responsibility of being the accountable body and with the aspiration of trialling a new approach to major project development and delivery on the Island – one that potentially could be replicated elsewhere. It has been a pleasure to have been involved.”
Friends: Honoured to receive this award
Friends of Northwood Cemetery chairperson, Peter Almond, said:
“This has been a ten year story of a small group of passionate volunteers who, with support from the council, managed to obtain significant funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund. “We are honoured to receive this award and it makes all those years of work – come rain, hail or shine – worth it. Now we are now able to offer wildlife and family history tours in this beautiful oasis of calm greenery in Northwood. We would still welcome new volunteers to join us as we continue the task of clearing undergrowth and bringing the grounds back to their natural beauty.”
The restoration
The West Chapel was derelict and the East Chapel was in poor condition, following severe ground movement and Second World War bomb damage. Reparation works undertaken were extensive and included fifty foot foundations installed on the West Chapel, which was in danger of collapse. Structural repairs were made to both buildings, such as intensive stonework repairs; new oak floors, insulation and inner skin, electrics and heating provided.
In addition, a new kitchen was built to the west building, using original stone from a previous structure that had been demolished years earlier. Both building are now back in use for the community, with funerals taking place in the East Chapel and research and history recording in the West Chapel, (now the Heritage Resource Centre).
Image: © Barry-Sowerby
Location map
View the location of this story.
22:23 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Former Defense Minister: Netanyahu should have resigned long ago Read more Former Defense Minister Ya'alon promises to unveil party list as soon as Israel sets date for elections. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A new report by the University of Waterloo provides guidance on a fast and affordable way for communities to test their drinking water for E. coli.
Also by this Author Food Industry Unplugged
“We have developed a tool for rapid detection of E. coli in contaminated water,” says lead researcher Sushanta Mitra, a professor at the university. “If we are able to detect E. coli, then it will ensure safety of water for individuals, communities, and municipalities.”
The researchers developed a new litmus paper test—the DipTest—for detecting the bacteria in water samples by performing enzymatic reactions directly on the porous paper substrate. Unlike current tests, which can cost in excess of $70 and takes several days to test, the Waterloo researchers' method costs approximately 50 cents and takes under three hours.
“The DipTest technology has two key components: The bottom of the paper is laced with sugar that attracts E. coli from water; and as the water rises inside the paper, trapped E. coli moves to the reaction zone and reacts with specific chemicals to produce color,” Mitra says. “Already, we are performing a number of test trials with different entities like 3M and LaMotte.”
It's expected that a fully commercialized device will be available by the middle of 2018.
Making A Difference
The researchers set out to find a way to fix water contamination as it is a growing problem that needs plenty of action.
“Access to safe drinking water is a global problem,” Mitra says. “Millions of individuals across the world are getting sick due to contamination of water, which is a huge public health burden. Personal hygiene and education regarding water safety are critical.”
Pauli Undesser, executive director of the Water Quality Association, Lisle, Ill., says media and research reports show there are concerns with water quality in all regions of the country. It's not just lead and it's not just in Flint, Mich.
“For example, the Environmental Working Group (EWG), found that the chemical known as chromium-6, has been found in the tap water of more than 200 million Americans in all 50 states,” they say. “The EWG also identified toxic chemicals known as PFCs in the drinking water of 15 million Americans in 27 states.”
Other problems include arsenic in the Northeast, nitrates in the Midwest, and a variety of contaminant and drought concerns in the West.
“We are also concerned that many homeowners are unaware of the quality of their local municipal water system,” Undesser says. “A Consumer Opinion Study conducted on behalf of WQA earlier this year found that nearly two-thirds of those surveyed either had not received or did not know if they had received their local Consumer Confidence Report. This tells us that those homeowners don't even know if water treatment might be something to consider for their home.”
WQA supports efforts like those of the EWG to call attention to the problems, and support legislation in several states to mandate testing of water, especially in schools.
“WQA is a resource to lawmakers and regulators. We also provide research and reports to the public, encouraging homeowners to get their water tested if they have any concerns,” Undesser says. “WQA's Product Certification program certifies drinking water treatment devices that tested to remove any contaminants that pose a threat to the water supply.”
Consequently, WQA is also engaged in an ongoing battle to keep counterfeit filters out of the marketplace. The organization also has extensive education and training certification programs that enable water treatment professionals to obtain education and training that is needed to do their jobs effectively.
11:44 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Netanyahu's brother-in-law sends them a clear message Read more
Dr. Hagi Ben-Artzi proves only Jews are living under occupied conditions, says if PM fails test, 'we'll replace him.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
NAPTIP advocates support for children in North-East
Director-General, National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons, NAPTIP, Julie Oka-Donli, has reiterated the need for Nigerians to speak out in support of children, especially those in the North-East who have suffered one form of deprivation or the other in the last few years. Oka-Donli, who disclosed this in Abuja at the 2017 […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
All Times EDT Eastern Conference W L T Pts GF GA Louisville City FC 7 2 1 22 14 7 FC Cincinnati 6 3 2 20 20 15 Charleston Battery 5 2 4 19 14 10 Pittsburgh Riverhounds 4 0 6 18 12 5 Charlotte Independence 5 3 2 17 17 12 New York Red Bulls II 4 2 5 17 20 13 FC Tampa Bay Rowdies 5 5 1 16 18 16 Bethlehem Steel FC 4 5 2 14 16 14 Indy Eleven 4 4 2 14 9 11 Nashville SC 3 2 4 13 8 6 Ottawa Fury FC 3 4 3 12 6 14 North Carolina FC 3 4 2 11 13 11 Penn FC 2 3 5 11 6 7 Richmond Kickers 3 5 1 10 10 16 Atlanta United 2 2 6 3 9 15 25 Toronto FC II 0 9 2 2 10 24 Western Conference W L T Pts GF GA Real Monarchs SLC 9 2 1 28 21 10 Portland Timbers II 7 3 2 23 22 13 Phoenix Rising FC 6 3 3 21 23 14 Sacramento Republic FC 6 3 3 21 17 14 Orange County SC 6 3 2 20 19 7 Swope Park Rangers 5 2 4 19 17 15 Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC 5 6 2 17 13 8 Reno 1868 FC 4 3 5 17 15 16 San Antonio FC 3 3 5 14 11 12 Saint Louis FC 3 3 5 14 11 15 Fresno FC 2 4 6 12 13 17 LA Galaxy II 2 6 4 10 22 26 Las Vegas Lights 2 4 4 10 11 19 Rio Grande Valley FC 1 3 7 10 13 14 Seattle Sounders II 2 6 2 8 10 16 OKC Energy FC 2 8 1 7 5 18 Tulsa Roughnecks FC 0 4 7 7 10 21
NOTE: Three points for victory, one point for tie.
___
Wednesday, May 23
LA Galaxy II 1, Rio Grande Valley FC 1, tie
Friday, May 25
North Carolina FC 4, Atlanta United 2 0
Ottawa Fury FC 1, Bethlehem Steel FC 0
Saturday, May 26
FC Tampa Bay Rowdies 4, Toronto FC II 2
Portland Timbers II 1, Real Monarchs SLC 0
Swope Park Rangers 1, Phoenix Rising FC 0
Charlotte Independence 3, Richmond Kickers 1
Nashville SC 1, Charleston Battery 1, tie
Penn FC 0, Pittsburgh Riverhounds 0, tie
Louisville City FC 2, FC Cincinnati 0
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC 3, Saint Louis FC 0
OKC Energy FC 1, Tulsa Roughnecks FC 1, tie
Orange County SC 3, Fresno FC 0
LA Galaxy II 7, Las Vegas Lights 2
Reno 1868 FC 2, San Antonio FC 1
Sunday, May 27
New York Red Bulls II 4, Indy Eleven 1
Tuesday, May 29
Real Monarchs SLC 1, Sacramento Republic FC 0
Wednesday, May 30
Charleston Battery at Indy Eleven, 7 p.m.
Nashville SC at Pittsburgh Riverhounds, 7 p.m.
Toronto FC II at Ottawa Fury FC, 7 p.m.
Phoenix Rising FC at Saint Louis FC, 8:30 p.m.
Saturday, June 2
FC Cincinnati at New York Red Bulls II, 1 p.m.
Bethlehem Steel FC at North Carolina FC, 7 p.m.
Charlotte Independence at Ottawa Fury FC, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh Riverhounds at Richmond Kickers, 7 p.m.
Atlanta United 2 at FC Tampa Bay Rowdies, 7:30 p.m.
Penn FC at Nashville SC, 8:30 p.m.
Portland Timbers II at San Antonio FC, 8:30 p.m.
Reno 1868 FC at OKC Energy FC, 8:30 p.m.
Swope Park Rangers at Saint Louis FC, 8:30 p.m.
Seattle Sounders II at Fresno FC, 10 p.m.
Tulsa Roughnecks FC at LA Galaxy II, 10:30 p.m.
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC at Las Vegas Lights, 11 p.m.
Orange County SC at Sacramento Republic FC, 11 p.m.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Leading Emirati rights activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 1 million dirhams, or about $272,000, by an appeals court in Abu Dhabi.
The Dubai-based Gulf News reported on Wednesday that the defendant, identified as "AMS" by their initials, will also be under probation for three years after prison.
Gulf News says Mansoor, who had a court-appointed lawyer, was convicted on Tuesday of defaming the United Arab Emirates on Twitter and Facebook by "publishing false information, rumors and lies ... that would damage the UAE's social harmony and unity."
They were acquitted on charges of cooperating with a "terrorist organization" outside the country.
Human Rights Watch condemned the sentencing, saying it exposes UAE's inability "to tolerate the mildest of criticisms from a genuine reformer."
LPD raid nets five arrests on two dozen felony charges
Staff report
A Lincolnton Police Department raid at a home on North Grove Street resulted in the arrest of five residents on two dozen felony drug charges on Dec. 23.
Officers said Robert Shuford, Leslie Shuford, Berry Osborne, Jessica Lane and Arthur Houser, all of 401 N. Grove Street, were arrested after a three-month investigation into methamphetamine sales at the home.
“The residence located at 401 N. Grove Street has been a problem for the citizens of Lincolnton for a long time,” Lt. Jason Munday said in a press release. “We have made numerous arrests out of this residence on multiple occasions. We are currently using all available resources to stop the drug supply that is going in and out at that location. We are constantly looking at the levels above and below these offenders to work on stopping the supply and demand of methamphetamine here in Lincolnton. This specific residence has been a center point for the methamphetamine traffic for the City of Lincolnton, Lincoln County, as well other adjoining counties.”
Robert Shuford, 63, was charged with five counts of maintaining a dwelling for a controlled substance and one count of conspiracy to sell methamphetamine. They received a $30,000 secured bond. Shuford has prior convictions for failure to file or pay income tax, driving while impaired and multiple other traffic offenses. Shuford has pending charges of obtaining property by false pretense and uttering a forged instrument.
Leslie Shuford, 31, was charged with two counts of conspiracy to sell or deliver a schedule II controlled substance. They were issued a $10,000 secured bond. They have prior convictions for simple possession of a schedule IV controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, shoplifting, possession of marijuana, driving while impaired and other various traffic offenses. Shuford has pending charges for felony possession of methamphetamine, larceny and possession of stolen goods.
Osborne, 65, was charged with three counts of possession with intent to sell a schedule II controlled substance, three counts of selling a schedule II controlled substance and three counts of delivering a schedule II controlled substance. Osborne was issued a $45,000 secured bond. Osborne has prior convictions for possession with intent to sell methamphetamine, selling methamphetamine, delivering methamphetamine, selling a schedule II controlled substance, delivering a schedule II controlled substance, obtaining property by false pretenses, forgery of an instrument, uttering a forged instrument, larceny from a person, felony larceny, possession of marijuana, assault on a female, assault inflicting serious injury, resisting a public officer, misdemeanor stalking, threatening phone calls, driving while impaired and several other traffic offenses. Osborne has pending charges for possession with intent to sell methamphetamine, selling methamphetamine, delivering methamphetamine and maintaining a dwelling for controlled substances. Osborne was on active probation at the time of their arrest.
Lane, 20, was charged with one count of conspiracy to sell or deliver a schedule II controlled substance. They were issued a $5,000 secured bond. Lane has prior convictions for uttering a forged instrument, obtaining property by false pretenses, resisting a public officer, simple possession of a schedule IV controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and traffic offenses. Lane has pending charges for conspiracy to sell or deliver a schedule II controlled substance, larceny and possession of stolen goods. Lane was on active probation at the time of their arrest.
Houser, 26, was charged with two counts of possession with intent to sell a schedule II controlled substance, two counts of selling a schedule II controlled substance and two counts of delivering a schedule II controlled substance. Houser was given a $30,000 secured bond. Houser has an underage possession of alcohol conviction as well as traffic convictions. Houser has multiple pending counts of possession with intent to sell methamphetamine, felony possession of methamphetamine and possession of drug paraphernalia charges.
Image courtesy of LPD
SEOUL, South Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 31, 2018--YJ Link Co., Ltd., a company specializing in the manufacturing of Board Handling Equipment in SMT Line and serving global corporations in 45 countries as their main clients, announced that they have developed the Smart Conveyor System through improvement of the operational system of individual facilities and network interface in line with the rapidly-changing SMT market due to Industry 4.0.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en/
smart line system (Graphic: Business Wire)
YJ facility, which composes the SMART SMT LINE, is connected to the line control PC through LAN communication, and the customer can convey PCB information and operational orders to each YJ facility through the line control PC.
In addition, YJ smart facility, which enables the operator to monitor the status of the equipment in the line in realtime through the web server (mobile unit and PC, etc.), is being highlighted as the next-generation SMT solution to enhance customers' productivity and competitiveness.
In particular, the company independently developed the microcontroller-based “MICOM (Embedded)” to provide full factory automation and fully-integrated management technology to customers.
YJ smart facility, to which MICOM is applied, is a system capable of controlling motor and digital signals, and higher and more advanced equipment operation control with higher work efficiency through the application of a Graphical User Interface (GUI) for the facility interface.
Core YJ smart facility technology, to which MICOM is grafted, can --automatically change models, --provide production history management and processing of an unlimited amount of data through LOG file, --provide realtime line monitoring for maintenance and repair of, and preventive services for, the facility, and --provide an environment for the establishment of a Manufacturing Execution System (MES)-linked integrated management system.
Along with this, YJ Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) has been drawing extensive attention as the interests of countless customers throughout the world are being focused on smart factory.
In addition to the PCB loader and unloader that compose the SMT LINE, YJ AGV also automatically inputs and releases the magazine rack by linking to the customer's material warehouse. It increases the productivity of the customer's manufacturing line by securing the operator resources.
Meanwhile, YJ Link Co., Ltd. is also spreading its reputation as a socially-responsible corporation that safeguards the dreams of children under difficult circumstances through regular contributions to ChildFund Korea.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en/
CONTACT: YJ Link Co., Ltd.
Leon Kim
sales@yjlink.com
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC SOUTH KOREA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: YJ Link Co., Ltd.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/31/2018 03:00 AM/DISC: 05/31/2018 03:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en
Interested in Wildfires? Add Wildfires as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Wildfires news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Wildfires razed dozens of homes in southeast Australia, cut power to thousands more and killed livestock, but most of the weekend blazes had been contained by Monday. There have been no reports of serious injury, officials said.
The worst-hit town was Tathra on the south coast of New South Wales state where more than 70 homes and businesses had been severely damaged or destroyed by a fire that started in woods around midday on Sunday, Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons said.
In neighboring Victoria state, up to 18 homes had been destroyed over the weekend by three fires and 40,000 homes lost power, Emergency Management Commissioner Craig Lapsley said. Sheep and cattle losses had yet to be assessed.
Some of Tathra's evacuated residents would be able to return to their homes on Monday, as emergency workers restore power to the devastated area, Fitzsimmons said.
This weekend's action, by Ann Boulton...
The battle for the South Lincolnshire & Border League championship hots up, with all three contenders winning at the weekend.
Just 11 points separate Sleaford 2nd, Skegness and Woodhall Spa 2nd after Woodhall defeated fourth-placed Billingborough, who are now slipping out of contention.
Billingborough could manage only 84 for nine off their 45 overs, a total Woodhall overtook for the loss of two wickets, Matt Sargeant hitting an unbeaten 59.
Charlie Roberts made 67 of Sleaford's total of 201 for nine and Freiston were then bowled out for 74.
And Skegness scored a seven wicket victory over Grantham 2nd, whose overs finished on 155 for six.
Boston 2nd, currently one off the bottom of the table, were set a target of 133 by Stamford only to fall short by 13 runs, but the closest game was at Bourne where Adam Binns' 64 helped their side to 163 all out only to see Market Deeping 2nd reach 157 for seven when the overs ran out.
Division One's top two, Long Sutton and Welby Cavaliers, were without a game but third-placed Baston failed to capitalise on this, going down to bottom side Billingborough 2nd by six wickets, Richard Wells hitting an unbeaten 53 for Billingborough.
Adrian Culley took five for 22 for Skegness 2nd to help bowl Claypole out for 124, but the seasiders were then all out for 98.
Graves Park's dominance of Division Two continued with Heckington and Pinchbeck fighting it out for second place.
The leaders notched up the day's highest score of 292 for four before bowling Long Sutton 2nd out for 122.
Pinchbeck moved above their rivals with victory over Spalding 3rd, while Heckington went down to Belton Park 2nd despite an innings of 69 from Will Harris.
Premier Division: Billingborough 84-9, Woodhall Spa 2nd 87-2 (Sargeant 59no); Stamford 133, Boston 2nd 120; Sleaford 2nd 201-9 (Roberts 67), Freiston 74; Bourne 2nd 163 (A Binns 64), Market Deeping 2nd 157-7; Grantham 2nd 155-6, Skegness 156-3.
Division One: Baston 69, Billingborough 2nd 71-4 (Wells 53no); Claypole 124 (Culley 5-22), Skegness 2nd 98; Timberland conceded to Moulton Harrox; Boston 3rd conceded to Belton Park.
Division Two: Heckington 117 (Harris 69), Belton Park 2nd 119-7; Graves Park 292-4, Long Sutton 2nd 122; Pinchbeck 173, Spalding 3rd 76.
If your industry requires components to be 'functionally safe,' Imagination has a high-powered processor for you.
Picture this: The networking stack on the main pump controller has crashed, and you need to reboot it -- but it's 20 meters underground, on another continent -- and there's no-one on site to hit 'reset'.
Or you're bowling along the highway and one of the processor cores in your self-driving car gets zapped by a cosmic ray (yes, this could actually happen). The software can't tell whether the resulting error is a transient glitch or a hardware fault, so limits you to 50 kilometers per hour for safety: No fun with a monster truck hurtling up behind you.
Chip designers such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying industrial safety design techniques to their processor cores so that they can get themselves out of situations like this. You could soon feel the benefit even if you don't run a subterranean pumping station in Azerbaijan, nor yet have a self-driving car in your garage.
Functionally safe
We place a lot of faith in the processors in our internet of things, counting on the software they run to perform to spec in all circumstances. But there are problems that no amount of bounds checking, input sanitization or exception handling can fix.
That's why manufacturers in many industries seek to make their products functionally safe -- that is, ensuring that they remain in a safe state and respond as expected, regardless of environment, inputs or hardware failures. There are even standards for how to do so: The generic IEC 61508 has variants for specific industries, including ISO 26262 for automotive manufacturing.
It's one thing building such a system when you're designing or specifying every detail of every component yourself. Relying on an external supplier for complex subsystems -- or your suppliers' supplier in the case of microprocessors designed by one company and built by another -- is something else entirely.
The standards describe how to incorporate such components -- known as safety elements out of context (SEooCs) -- into functionally safe systems, and companies such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying them to their processor cores designs.
ARM has offered functionally safe variants of some of its Cortex-R series processor designs for a couple of years now. These are processor cores designed for hard real-time applications, where a response must come within a fixed window of time. The blazing fast cores that you will find in computer vision applications or the latest flagship smartphones, though, are more likely to belong to the Cortex-A line, none of which are available in functionally safe variants.
Imagination has a competing line of low-power core designs based on the MIPS architecture, which have also found their place in computer vision applications -- although sadly for Imagination, not in smartphones.
Mobileye uses MIPS cores in the EyeQ 4 system-on-chip (SoC) devices it develops for auto manufacturers to provide automated driver assistance systems such as lane keeping or adaptive cruise control.
Last year, it said it would use Imagination's MIPS I6500 core in its EyeQ 5 SoCs intended to support autonomous driving. The I6500 is a 64-bit multicore design in which the cores can run at different speeds ("heterogeneous inside," as Imagination puts it) and which can easily connect to GPUs and other application-specific accelerators ("heterogeneous outside").
There was just one hitch: There was no guarantee that it would be functionally safe, a must in the safety-conscious automobile industry.
Now, though, Imagination has overhauled the design. A new version, the I6500-F, contains additional transistors to flag errors in data transmission and storage, and to perform regular self-test operations on processor cores in a way that doesn't affect operation.
Accelerators
Chip designers that are able to support functionally safe design methodologies can help device makers get their products on the market quicker.
"There are some changes to the 6500 to make it the F, but these changes don't change the functionality of the design," said Tim Mace, Business Development Manager for MIPS and Imagination. "It runs the same software and integrates with accelerators in the same way."
The main benefit of the new version, they said, is the level of compliance with ISO 26262, but there's also some additional logic, largely transparent to the user, that is able to report errors when it finds them.
"Even if your silicon does exactly what you intended it to do, it can still change over time. For example, it can just wear out. Or you can get some random errors, for example from solar radiation or background radiation. A bit could change. You need some resilience to spot these errors when they occur and some mechanism to make sure it fails safe or recovers gracefully."
That resilience comes from the incorporation of parity checks and logic for built-in self-testing. In a multi-core processor design like the I6500, that could involve repeatedly moving processes to a known-good core, and self-testing the now-vacant core to be sure it too is safe.
"In automotive there is a requirement that if an error occurs, you need to detect it within a certain period of time. We need to repeat these checks in the background to continuously check if an error has crept in," said Mace.
The extra logic increases the die size of the chip by less than 10 percent, and will entail a slight increase in cost, but that could be a small price to pay for a "thing" that stays on the internet -- or the road -- even when the unexpected happens.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
CARDIFF, Wales (AP) — Even with its best team in a generation, England won't be ending its trophy drought in global 50-over competitions this year.
Favorite to beat Pakistan in the Champions Trophy semifinal on Wednesday, England went down to an embarrassing eight-wicket defeat at Sophia Gardens.
"Every partnership we had started behind the rate, which put us under the pump a little bit, and none of our batsmen seemed to get away," England captain Eoin Morgan said. "It's a big frustration because I think we've played some great cricket in this tournament so far, and we weren't anywhere close to it today."
Morgan, who called it a "pretty dull" game, denied their team may have been over-confident with England widely touted to be on course for ending its record of five defeats in five 50-over finals, including runners-up in the 2004 and 2013 Champions Trophy.
"We played against some really good sides recently, and we've managed to beat them. Certainly that hasn't gone to our heads at all," Morgan said.
England endured a shock elimination in the group stage of the 2015 Cricket World Cup and, looking ahead to the 2019 edition in England, Morgan said the experience of this Champions Trophy wouldn't change the attacking stance of their team.
"You know, one of the huge contributing factors towards topping our table and playing very good cricket in the group stages is that we've stayed true to what we believe in and what's worked for us the last couple of years, and I think that's the continued formula for the future.
"I think it will have to evolve in whatever manner the game does over the next two years in the lead-in to the World Cup, but certainly I think we're moving in the right direction."
England didn't get much right on Wednesday, except perhaps recalling Jonny Bairstow.
Bairstow justified the switch by scoring 43, almost as much as the dropped Jason Roy managed in eight innings this summer.
Bairstow's 57-ball knock was all the more impressive since it marked the first time they have opened for England — and they took the strike.
They needed some luck to survive, however. That included an extremely close leg-before-wicket appeal by Pakistan in the first over from left-arm quick Junaid Khan.
More good fortune was to come for the 27-year-old Bairstow.
On 27, they were dropped by Azhar Ali, leaping at short midwicket off Rumman Raes.
On 42, Bairstow was dropped after falling victim to a field change by Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed, who brought in a slip for Shadab Khan. Bairstow immediately nicked the ball to Babar Azam at slip but they couldn't hold it and nor could nearby Hasan Ali.
Bairstow's luck ran out in the 17th over with a misjudged pull shot to Mohammad Hafeez at deep square leg off Hasan.
___
AP Sports Writer Steve Douglas contributed to this report.
Leeds United's Yosuke Ideguchi has missed out on Japan's 23-man squad for this summer's World Cup in Russia.
The 21-year-old stepped off the bench for Akira Nishino's side in the closing stages of their 2-0 defeat to Ghana on Wednesday but has missed out on the final squad due to a lack of playing time in recent months.
Yosuke Ideguchi.
The midfielder found minutes hard to come by at club level for Cultural Leonesa despite United believing they had a better chance of making this summer's tournament with a six-month spell in Spain..
Having not featured for the first-team since February, Ideguchi was left out of their countries friendlies against Mali and Ukraine by former boss Vahid Halilhodzic in March but looked to have been given hope by new man at the helm Nishino after being named in the preliminary squad for the quadrennial tournament.
The Japanese star though has missed out on a spot to Russia which leaves Swedish central defender Pontus Jansson as the only Leeds representative at the World Cup when it begins on June 14.
LONG-DRIVE specialist Becki O'Grady, of Howley Hall, is going to great lengths to encourage women to take up golf.
O'Grady, who last year became Howley Hall's first female director in their 117-year-history, together with the club's professional Ryan Rastall has organised free taster sessions, which will be held at the end of the month.
Rebecca O'Grady with Paul Monaghan at Howley Hall.
“Both days will involve tuition from our pro Ryan and their team and a chance to play some holes,” said O'Grady, who has twice reached the UK final of the American Golf-backed long driving competition.
“The perception of golf is that it is boring, so that is why we are trying to make it fun.
“We'll get some ladies up at Howley Hall – we've already had some takers – and have some afternoon tea with our lady members after the golf to make it a fun event.”
Both events will run from 2-3.30pm, on Sunday, March 25 and Monday, March 26.
O'Grady feels there is an unfair perception that golf is not only boring, but also behind the times. They say their experiences, both as past ladies' captain and as a board member at Howley Hall, point to the contrary.
“I think there has been a massive change to when I was a junior 15 to 20 years ago, with ladies golf especially,” they said.
“Women are now able to play with men in competitions – you could never do that 20 years ago.
“We have quite a few mixed competitions at Howley Hall; we have one a month throughout the summer.
“We make it into an event. We lay food on afterwards and invite our partners up to the club, so whoever you are playing with it becomes a bit of a social event as well.
“The men and ladies have got involved and the juniors too. I think it's good that we can all play together.”
O'Grady has also welcomed a sea change in the demands made with regard to what clothing golfers are expected to wear, on the course and in the clubhouse.
They feel this is particularly relevant when it comes to attracting youngsters to take up the game.
“You look at the Yorkshire ladies' team, who are English champions, and they're all young, they're all fashionable and they're all passionate about the game,” said O'Grady.
“If we want to get youngsters into the game we don't want to have to tell them, ‘to play you've got to wear a baggy shirt with a collar on'. They want to wear fashionable stuff because that's what young people do, isn't it?
“I'm against wearing jeans on the golf course, but I'm for it in the clubhouse and we changed our policy on that last month at Howley Hall. Especially trying to get the younger people in, you need that.
“They don't want to come into the clubhouse if they have to dress up; they want to just come down for a drink on Friday night and come to a social event and setting.”
O'Grady, who is 38, is particularly keen to get some new younger women members at Howley Hall as the average age of their lady members is 64.
“On the back of that we are struggling to field teams. If we're not getting new members then we won't be able to play competitively,” they said.
“We don't struggle with men, it is just the ladies.
“We are also promoting nine-hole competitions a lot, especially with the ladies because some of them can't get round 18 holes, and you also have ladies who work and they have the time constraints of work to deal with.”
Anyone interested in attending either of the sessions should call 01924 350102 or email ryan@ryanrastallgolf.co.uk.
Yahoo's information security team found out that Russian hackers had made off with personal data days after the December 2014 breach. The thieves made off with usernames, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates, encrypted passwords and security questions, according to the SEC's order. Despite having that information, Yahoo's senior management didn't properly investigate the incident or disclose it to investors and affected users. In fact, the breach was only made public two years later when the corporation was in the process of closing an acquisition deal with Verizon.
But Yahoo wasn't primarily fined for misleading affected users, however -- it's for the two years of quarterly and annual reports the company filed that didn't confess the breach or its business and legal implications. Yahoo even hid the incident from auditors and outside counsel that would have told the company whether it was obligated to include the intrusion in its filings to begin with. Whatever the case, this settlement closes the door on one of the largest consumer data breaches in history.
Instead of holding criminal defendants on cash bail, courts around the United States are increasingly using algorithmic risk-assessment tools to help judges decide if a defendant should be jailed or go free while awaiting trial.
One such model now used by New Jersey and other state and regional courts is the Public Safety Assessment, developed by the Houston-based Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
Supporters of such assessments say they limit prejudicial judgments, while critics say they can turn judging into a rote exercise — one that might perpetuate hidden biases within the criminal justice system.
The Arnold Foundation's model uses these nine risk factors to evaluate a defendant, including age and past criminal convictions. (It excludes race, gender, employment history and where a person lives.) These are:
1. Age at current offense
2. Current violent offense
3. Pending charge at the time of the offense
4. Prior misdemeanor conviction
5. Prior felony conviction
6. Prior violent conviction
7. Prior failure to appear to a court hearing in the past two years
8. Prior failure to appear older than two years
9. Prior sentence to incarceration
The Del Mar Thoroughbred Club announced the initial line-up for its 2018 summer events schedule, which includes things like the Craft Beer Fest, Michelada Fest, Del Mar's Turf & Surf BBQ Championship and an outdoor concert series featuring performances by artists such as Steel Pulse, Aloe Blacc, Psychedelic Furs, Ice Cube, Café Tacvba and more.
Del Mar officially opens on Wednesday, July 18, with its thoroughbred races and over-the-top fashion event and runs through Labor Day on Monday, Sept. 3.
Concerts take place on most Friday and Saturday evenings in the seaside concert area at the west end of the grandstand shortly after the final horse race of the day. The line-up is as follows, with additional performances to be announced in the coming month.
Friday, July 20: Psychedelic Furs
Saturday, July 21: Iration
Friday, July 27: Steel Pulse
Friday, Aug. 3: Matisyahu
Friday, Aug. 10: Aloe Blacc
Saturday, Aug. 11: Reggae Fest with Ziggy Marley
Friday, Aug. 17: Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats
Friday, Aug. 24: Tribal Seeds
Friday, Aug. 31: Café Tacvba
Sunday, Sept. 2: Ice Cube
Del Mar Racetrack is located at 2260 Jimmy Durante Blvd., Del Mar. All of the concerts are for those 18-and-over and are free with the purchase of $6 standard racetrack admission. Those wanting a more VIP experience can upgrade their ticket in the South Terrace for $50 for a premium view of the show, private restrooms and a private cash bar. Tickets can be purchased at dmtc.com.
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy. (Behind Time Out Thrift) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun. 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads. To place yours for just $25/month, call Jim Keyworth at (928) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette@gmail.com. Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog.
(The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month. Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader. Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Kenya's president says their government will spare no effort to recover all of the millions of dollars lost to a corruption scandal as diplomats representing 18 Western countries including the United States urge strong action against graft.
President Uhuru Kenyatta says "there will be no mercy for the thieves."
Kenyatta spoke a day after 24 officials were charged with corruption-related offenses in a probe linked to the alleged diversion of nearly $80 million.
The president, who won a second term last year, has been criticized for not acting against corrupt officials despite numerous vows to crack down.
In a statement, the diplomats urge strong political leadership and zero tolerance of corruption.
Kenya is ranked 143th out of 180 states by Transparency International
Later in the day, the city's school board accepted the resignation of Brandon Mark Bjerknes, 34.
Bjerknes appeared in court with private attorney Peter Wold and demanded a speedy trial after entering the plea.
Bjerknes was arrested March 23 and charged March 24 with two counts of engaging in electronic communication relating to or describing sexual conduct with a child. They bailed out of jail after they were arraigned March 24.
A criminal complaint against Bjerknes accuses them of using the name “Brett Larson” on Facebook, Snapchat and email accounts in order to communicate with children. Bjerknes allegedly claimed they were a student at a now-closed Duluth school.
The Beltrami County Sheriff's Office began investigating the “Brett Larson” accounts in January 2017. Facebook provided investigators with an IP address related to the account, which the Sheriff's Office later learned was associated with the address assigned to Bjerknes.
On March 21, after executing a search warrant at the 8300 block of White Oak Street NE, investigators seized and searched a cell phone, on which they found Snapchat conversations under the username BrettLarson6969. Investigators allegedly found sexual conversations with two children aged 13 and 14.
The complaint states that Bjerknes told investigators they knew the victims were younger than 15, and that all of the conversations took place between January and March of 2017.
Bjerknes was placed on paid administrative leave on March 20, the same day Bemidji Area Schools administrators learned of a Sheriff's Department complaint about him.
Superintendent Jim Hess said Bjerknes was never referred for discipline and had no formal complaints in their personnel file.
Bemidji Area Schools board members were scheduled to discuss the charges against Bjerknes in a closed school board meeting Monday night, but district staff received a resignation letter from them Monday morning. The board unanimously approved a measure in its consent agenda Monday night that accepted Bjerknes' resignation and released them from their employment contract.
Bjerknes was first hired by the district before the 2005-2006 school year, and was named the middle school's assistant principal in 2014.
In a statement released after Bjerknes' arrest, Bemidji Area Schools said safety was a priority.
“All complaints regarding school district employees are taken seriously and will work with all appropriate agencies to ensure that a comprehensive investigation is completed,” the statement said.
Bjerknes declined to comment following the plea on Monday, though their attorney Wold stated that in the United States, Minnesota and Beltrami County everyone is presumed innocent until proven guilty and requested that the media “start with that.”
Wold was an attorney for former Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson when the football star faced child abuse charges in 2014.
A pretrial hearing for Bjerknes is tentatively scheduled for May 17.
Onaway, MI- Originally built in 1980 by Harry Moran and a local business person, Onaway Speedway is a popular stop on Saturday nights in the northern portion of lower Michigan. The Speedway recently was purchased by Mike Sturgil and opened this past Memorial Day Weekend – Saturday, May 27.
Most recently on June 10 Onaway hosted the Late Models, Modifieds, 4 Cylinders, ABC Class (a mix of Street Stock and Sportsman), and Semi Trucks. Winners on the night included: 4 Cylinder: #88- Randy Lapossie (4 Cylinder), Josh Ware (Modified), Mike Schwartz (ABC Class A Division), Chris Ogden (ABC Class B Division), Rick McCumby (ABC Class C Division), Dustin Jackson (Late Model), and Beau March (Semi)
We received these shots documenting the first two weeks of Onaway action from the photography duo Turn 4 fans (Travis Edward and Tammy Sue Wingo). You can find more of their work at their Turn 4 Fans Facebook page.
You can get a little taste of the action at Onaway with their YouTube Page. There are plenty of videos from all divisions available.
For more information visit www.onawayspeedway.com
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
AWS Battles Rivals with New Tactic: An Advertising Campaign
Amazon Web Services has defeated IBM in a competition for lucrative federal contracts, threatened Microsoft's core businesses, and reshaped corporate technology.
In the last few months, the pioneering cloud-computing unit of the online retail giant has taken a page from the playbook of some of its more traditional competitors: It started advertising.
Ads have been splashed across billboards and in airport terminals, television spots and web videos, featuring a whiteboard full of sketches of software architecture and appeals to invent something using Amazon's collection of rented computing services.
The advertising campaign, which bears the "Build On" tagline, represents a milestone in AWS' march from technology upstart to one of the major players in business software, technologists and marketers say.
For many years, AWS didn't advertise, partly because it didn't have to. The service held a wide lead over the competition, and word-of-mouth was enough to catapult the company's tools atop the growing market for web-based business software.
But the once-scrappy AWS now needs to focus on winning over CEOs and corporate boards to continue to grow, company insiders and observers say. Amazon also faces intense competition from well-funded rivals, many of whom are already spending heavily to woo that crowd.
Amazon "is out to get the enterprise," said Dave Bartoletti, an analyst with Forrester Research who tracks cloud computing. "They're trying to get to the next level -- which is, how do you reach executives at big companies."
AWS is Amazon's profit engine, accounting for twice the operating income of Amazon's North American retail arm. The division brought in $3.9 billion in operating income before taxes during the 12 months ended in September, on $15.8 billion in sales.
The advertising campaign has been rolled out before AWS' other main effort to advertise its wares: its annual conference, called re: Invent, held in Las Vegas. The trade show that runs from Monday through Friday is expected to draw more than 40,000 developers, business-technology buyers, and technology vendors.
AWS became a cloud-computing giant without an ad campaign, an approach that mirrored the heads-down, build-it-and-they-will-come philosophy that transformed Amazon's online bookstore into a massive marketplace for goods of all kinds.
Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos pushed the company to build its brand by relying on good service, rather than flashy publicity campaigns. "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that," they told Businessweek magazine in 2004. "Word-of-mouth is very powerful."
Two years later, AWS became the first company to offer rented computing infrastructure online on a wide scale, and the unit followed Bezos' guidance.
Many of the first users were software developers and other technologists who, armed with a credit card, could tap into the computing power stored in Amazon's massive server farms. The word spread around the tight-knit software community, making customers out of digital natives like Airbnb, Netflix and Pinterest.
But in recent years, the kind of cloud-computing services AWS sells has gone mainstream. Big, established companies like banks and brick-and-mortar retailers are running more of their technology on AWS -- threatening the traditional businesses of companies like Microsoft, IBM and Oracle.
Amazon's rivals fought back on two fronts: They followed AWS into the cloud, selling similar services to their own customers. And they launched advertising campaigns aimed at slowing AWS' momentum.
Shortly after Amazon elbowed out IBM to win a high-profile contract to provide data-center services to the Central Intelligence Agency, IBM plastered buses in Las Vegas with ads for its services as visitors gathered for Amazon's 2013 re: Invent conference.
Meanwhile, Microsoft has made its cloud-computing services a focus of its $1.5 billion advertising budget. After a couple of years spent testing the water with limited advertising experiments, AWS decided to strike back this year with its first major brand campaign, which launched in September.
David Winter, who left AWS in April after a few years working in sales, was recently in an airport bar waiting for a flight over a beer with a colleague when an advertisement for their former company shot across an ad screen on the wall.
"I'm like, 'That's an Amazon ad,' " said Winter, who works for cloud-computing startup Cloudability. "They've never done anything like that before."
The ad campaign, designed by Seattle digital marketing firm Wongdoody, centers its pitch on invention. "Build On AWS" blankets mock whiteboards.
Video spots start with that image, moving on to scenes of developers figuring out a problem in a hip office space, and a team eating at a lunch counter and jotting ideas on a napkin.
"It's a classic emotional appeal," said Bryan Cummings, chief creative officer with Seattle marketing agency the Garrigan Lyman Group, which wasn't involved with the campaign. "There's something romantic about being builders. They've kept something tangible and real in it."
Amazon also retooled the AWS logo, forsaking the cluster of orange building blocks that had symbolized the service in favor of AWS lettering atop Amazon's smile-shaped arrow.
Forrester's Bartoletti says the campaign is different from many efforts to win over business-technology buyers.
"Traditional business-to-business marketing is really this complex 'you need to hire us for 16 years to help incrementally upgrade your systems' message,' " they said. "AWS' [theme] is more of a party. Let's build something new."
Amazon will spend this week making that case to the tens of thousands of technologists descending on the Las Vegas Strip.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon/iStock/Artist's Concept.
By Nora Loreto
Are union communicators prepared for the moment that #metoo involves one of their union's leaders?
What are the crisis communications plans for unions if someone (or many people) make a claim of sexual assault or harassment against someone currently or formerly involved with the union, whether in leadership or as staff?
These questions were posed at a CALM mini-conference session at the end of November, and generally, the responses revealed that unions are not ready for this moment, or this movement.
The questions arose from a discussion about current issues in social media. Unions communications representatives are majority women and we are often both looking at the phenomenon of #metoo from the perspective of survivors or people who have experienced sexist and/or sexual abuse or harassment, but also from the perspective of someone who might some day have to write that initial response on behalf of an organization, or an employer.
To ensure that our responses centre survivors, we need to plan ahead. Thoughtful responses that support members in their journeys rarely happen on the fly. It's important for the legwork to be done to anticipate a crisis, regardless of whether or not one ever materializes.
#MeToo has helped to open up spaces where women and survivors of sexual assault are heard and believed. It's a watershed moment that has touched many industries: journalism, film, television and music especially. We know that anywhere that there is a power imbalance, it's extremely likely that sexual assault or abuse will happen. It's important to remember that the highest profile cases of sexual abusers exposed have happened in highly unionized industries. And we know that it's not just the entertainment business where sexual assault or harassment is rampant.
Unions must respond to charges of sexual assault or abuse with care, compassion and support for the accuser(s). Denying a charge, casting dispersions on the accuser(s) or ignoring them are not options for progressive organizations whose existence is wrapped up in fighting for social change. If there's anything that we can learn from HBO's Girls co-creator and star Lena Dunham, it's that our support for women must be firm; it cannot change because someone we might be close to, or who might have power over us is accused.
Dunham has had to repeatedly and embarassingly apologize for their missteps. She's the embodiment of another viral hashtag: #solidarity is for white women, a campaign that exposes how, far too often, white women will ignore or refuse to defend racialized women.
If a member of your union's leadership faces an accusation of aiding or ignoring sexual abuse, are you ready to respond? Do you have a plan in place?
If your answer is no, you should seriously consider getting a plan together. Your plan could include protocols like: how many people need to see a response, who signs off on it, do you need an alternative arrangement in case someone who normally is involved in your communications is close to the person accused? And most importantly: how do you reach out to the accuser, who does it, how you fully respect their wishes and ensure their involvement, as defined by them, every step of the way?
This process may put your communications team into difficult and uncomfortable places, so be prepared for that.
Above all, your plan should be flexible enough to fit any situation that might arise, and centre the voice(s) of the survivor(s)/complainant(s). And, it should be written for an audience that includes members who are survivors of sexual assault and harassment. Acknowledging their experiences is critical, as your union must continue to represent them too, regardless of whatever allegations might come forward.
You will also want to talk to other people in your union to harmonize your communications response plan with your internal policies and procedures: you need to know whether a committee is immediately struck, or if this is then dealt with by a committee that already exists. Do you have someone with the relevant expertise, or is this a training gap that your union must address? Who coordinates investigations into complaints about sexual abuse? What kind of training could be offered for leadership and staff to adequately manage a situation? Having a risk assessment meeting that imagines the steps you might take in a crisis is a good way to identify these gaps and avoid missteps.
Give yourself dates to revisit the plan, improve it or adjust it as context changes.
Creating spaces where survivors are safe and supported to tell their stories, be believed and see justice is the work of all union activists. When these allegations are made towards our unions, our members feel a double sense of betrayal. Before you're facing a crisis, think through these issues, debate your best responses and be prepared.
This was first published by CALM
Watching the criticism that led them to take a leave of absence, I found myself wondering what was part of the negotiation. Would the public be getting a less candid interview if the price for access had been $50,000? Would we get more if it was $200,000? (These are Australian dollar amounts, in case you're wondering.)
• The Lucrative Revolving Door
What about the other ways that journalists and government cozy up to each other?
The Australian scolded Laura Tingle of the ABC for accepting $15,000 for moderating a panel at a government summit meeting in March — only to have The Australian Financial Review call out Greg Sheridan, The Australian's foreign editor, for holding a paid position with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade's Australia-Indonesia Council.
Neither seemed to be punished by their audiences or their bosses.
Maybe that's just a function of Australia's partisan media culture, where many politics reporters and editors have also acted as political advisers, or gone back and forth between both worlds.
The Monthly's politics editor, Sean Kelly, for example, was an adviser to Prime Ministers Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard, as their online biography makes clear. Osman Faruqi, now of the ABC, is a former Greens party staffer.
John Garnaut's case is also interesting.
A former China correspondent and Asia Pacific editor for Fairfax, they wrote often as a journalist about China's efforts to influence Australian politics. Then they became an adviser to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull while never quite giving up journalism, having written recently about China for Foreign Affairs.
There's value, of course, in subject-specific expertise, but when there are so many blurred lines between government and journalism, it can be hard to figure out whether what we're learning from what we read or watch includes all the relevant details, or just those that serve a particular argument, political party or paying client.
snooker
In the Danby Autos Sunderland Snooker League, leaders Washington Snooker got off to an excellent start away at Lumley courtesy of Stephen Thompson against Andrew Drinkwater.
Gavin Dixon won the second frame before Norman Leslie won the third frame.
Brian Meuse pulled one back for Lumley before teaming up with Sean Henderson to win the pairs, beating Stephen Thompson/Norman Leslie 61-53 to reduce the defeat to 3-2.
Second placed Whitburn reduced the gap at the top to two points after an excellent 4-1 win away at Biddick A.
A 37-break helped Mark Fox win the first frame before breaks of 31 and 25 helped Graeme Ablett win the second frame.
Joe Cromby clinched the third frame before John Smith won the fourth.
In the pairs, David Adamson/Terry Froud won Biddick a consolation point against Ablett/Cromby.
Ian Stewart got South Hylton off to a good start away at Pennywell Comrades.
Kevin Harrop potted well to win the second frame against Dean Taylor before Graham Rutland won the third frame on the final black.
Adam Smith controlled the fourth frame against Stuart Taylor before Andrew Doran/Steven Smith got Pennywell a consolation point, beating Bobby Boyce/Adam Smith in the pairs.
Steels travelled to Murton Colliery and started well thanks to Tommy Ayre.
Jimmy Gales won a close second frame against Steven Cook before Ray Charlton Jnr won the third frame.
Jackson Mason pulled one back for Murton, before Charlton Jnr/Charlton Snr beat Stephen Clementson/Jackson Mason 74-22 for the 4-1 win.
Elsewhere in the league, Seaham Conservatives A edged out their B team, winning 4-1.
Biddick B started strongly away at Mill View with Trevor Walton winning the first frame and Michael Simpson sealed the second frame.
John Spruce pulled one back for Mill View before John Temple won the fourth frame. In the pairs, Norman Brown/John Spruce beat Philip Straughan/Peter Mills to reduce the defeat to 3-2.
The Victory started strongly away at The Hetton Centre with Darren Dowell winning the first frame, with Andy Newby winning the second.
Paul Stoves pulled one back for Hetton before John Butler claimed the fourth frame against Joe Nord.
In the pairs, John Butler/Ray James beat Paul Stoves/Joe Nord for the 4-1 win.
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston, South Carolina.
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas, Micah Davis and Rob Windsor.
Earendil moved into the lead after a long, intense battle with Amhas. The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly, allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore.
The second stage of three-stage race, to Portland, Maine, begins Saturday. The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s.
Soccer fans of a certain age may still remember Antonis Nikopolidis for their resemblance to American actor George Clooney and as the goalkeeper who helped Greece become surprise European Champions in 2004.
Now the country's national youth team coach, Nikopolidis is helping refugees stranded in Greece regain a sense of purpose. The soccer team they helped build, named Hope (Elpida in Greek), is made up of players who fled warzones in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Most of Hope's players live in Skaramangas, an industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have been turned into shoebox-shaped homes. They compete in an amateur league on Sundays, facing teams made up of lawyers, telecom workers and accountants.
Nikopolidis, a soft-spoken 46-year-old whose hair has turned silver in retirement, says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the European Union's slow-moving relocation program.
"We're helping people who are at a difficult moment in their lives," they said. "They are guests in our country, and we are trying with this team to give them a few hours of happiness."
Soccer is the main source of entertainment for many of the 60,000 refugees and economic migrants living in camps around Greece while they wait for asylum applications to be processed and a possible move elsewhere in Europe.
"You have to spend your time (doing something) because it's very boring," Hozaifa Hajdepo, 23, a Hope player from Syria, said. "If you stay in your home and you don't have work, you will be like — you will die."
The Union of European Football Associations, the governing body for soccer in Europe, has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries. Some of the money that went to Greece is being used to sponsor Nikopolidis' team.
Nearly 9,000 refugees have been moved from Greece to other European Union countries, and the coach already has lost several players. But with the pace of relocations still at just over half the target rate, most of the team expects to be in Greece for a while.
"It's a joy for me to do this," Nikopolidis said. "The main thing is that they enjoy it, that they have fun ... We have created a group of friends, with bonds of friendship, a family."
———
Theodora Tongas and Srdjan Nedeljkovic in Athens contributed. Follow Stavrakis at http://www.twitter.com/TStavrak and Gatopoulos at http://www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A 20-year-old who as a teenager used an "affluenza" defense regarding a drunken-driving wreck that killed four people is set to be released April 2.
Ethan Couch has served almost two years in jail for a revoked probation and is to be freed from the Tarrant County Jail in Fort Worth, Texas. He's been serving a 720-day sentence after their 2016 probation revocation for attending a party where alcohol was served.
Couch was 16 when the truck they were driving killed pedestrians in June 2013. A psychologist at their manslaughter trial blamed their actions on "affluenza," or irresponsibility due to family wealth.
Their mother, Tonya Couch, awaits trial on charges of hindering apprehension of a felon and money laundering after they fled to Mexico with Ethan in 2015. She's free on bond.
A riot in an overcrowded prison in northern Brazil has left at least 60 inmates dead, many of them decapitated, officials say.
The unrest in Manaus, in Amazonas state, started on Sunday after a fight between rival gangs, police said.
The violence ended 17 hours later, when the inmates surrendered their weapons and freed unharmed the last of 12 guards they had taken hostage.
Brazil has the world's fourth largest prison population.
There are some 600,000 inmates in the country, and overcrowding is a serious problem. Reports said the capacity of the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Centre, the biggest in Amazonas, was for 454 inmates, but it had 1,224 men.
When the riot began, six headless bodies were thrown over the perimeter fence of the prison. Pictures showed bloodied and burned bodies stacked in a concrete prison yard and piled in carts.
The state public security secretary, Sergio Fontes, said rival gangs operating inside and outside the prison had been fighting for control over drug trafficking.
The violence, they added, appeared to be a message from Family of the North (FDN), a powerful local gang, to rivals from the First Capital Command (PCC), one of Brazil's largest gangs, whose base is in São Paulo, in the south-east.
Mr Fontes called it “the biggest massacre” ever committed at a prison in the state.
“During the negotiations [to end the riot], the prisoners had almost no demands. Their only request was not to be mistreated by the police when they came in,” they told local radio network Tiradentes.
“We think they had already done what they wanted: kill members of the rival organisation and get a guarantee that they would not be beaten by the police. The FDN massacred suspected members of the PCC and other rivals.”
The inmates got weapons through a hole in a prison wall, they added. Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police, as well as several tunnels.
Prisoners at a second jail unit nearby also rioted and many escaped, Mr Fontes said. Some 40 inmates had been recaptured, they added. It was unclear how many remained at large.
Fights between rival gangs often result in dozens of inmates being killed and sometimes dismembered.
The gang members behind the deadly riots are often from violent inner-city areas of Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo who have been transferred to prisons in remote states in order to break up their gangs.
However, the number of deadly riots in these states would seem to indicate that this strategy has not worked according to plan, correspondents say.
This was the deadliest prison riot in Brazil since 1992, when a rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo saw 111 inmates killed, nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail. BBC News
Garry Monk insists any shopping in the transfer market at Middlesbrough will be about quality rather than quantity.
Aside from the goalkeeper department, where Boro have lost numbers one and two, Victor Valdes and Brad Guzan, there is very much a full squad at the Riverside.
It's always about only adding what is needed and necessary – it's not about bringing in numbers, it's about bringing in the right quality GARRY MONK
Former Swansea City and Leeds boss Monk said: “I have a good idea of where the squad is at and what it is.
“Of course, there will be ongoing discussions over the next couple of weeks, where we'll go a bit more in depth about how we're going to manage the group and if we do need to bring anyone in.
“It's always about only adding what is needed and necessary – it's not about bringing in numbers, it's about bringing in the right quality and what we can actually do.
“I've got a really good feeling about the clarity and how we're going to go about that – it aligns with how I work and I'm looking forward to that challenge as well.”
Monk believes there should be no hangover from the club's instant drop back to the Sky Bet Championship, instead pointing to the ability already there in the squad.
“I'm very excited to be working with the players and the squad,” said the 38-year-old. “There is a lot of quality here – a talented squad and a good squad.
“Over the next couple of weeks, I will assess where we are and what we need and how we take it forward.
“On the football side, I'm very clear about what I need to do. There is a clear way to try to get to the Premier League.
“After relegation, it feels like a big disappointment at the moment, but we need to get refocused and ready to go again.”
On the goalkeeping front, former Hartlepool United favourite Dimi Konstantopoulos is out of contract, while Tomas Mejias, Connor Ripley and Joe Fryer have returned from loan spells at Rayo Vallecano, Oldham and Pools.
To use it, you just type "@google," and then tap the assistant when it pops up. You can then ask for a meeting date or airline reservation, for instance, and it will privately show you any of the information that it can find. From there, you can tap "share now" to show the info to other parties in the Allo chat.
That makes it easy to quickly give pals a contact number without having to look it up, for instance. Or, if you're trying to coordinate a work trip, you can have Google Assistant give your hotel reservations to colleagues during a chat.
Google Hangouts, the predecessor to Allo (and still the preferred chat app of many Google users), has had similar capabilities for a few years now -- it'll even listen in to conversations and let you share your location if someone asks where you are. Facebook recently launched similar capabilities for its "M" Messenger AI assistant, too. It's debatable whether they'll make you more productive, but Google needs to draw interest to Allo however it can.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A "Bachelor in Paradise" contestant says she's a "victim" of events that put the reality show's production on hold.
In a statement Wednesday, Corinne Olympios said they have hired an attorney to "obtain justice," in their words.
They also said she's seeking therapy to deal with what they called the physical and emotional trauma they experienced June 4.
Olympios said they have little memory of what occurred.
The company behind ABC's "Bachelor in Paradise" suspended production and sent contestants home while looking into allegations of misconduct on the set in Mexico.
Warner Bros. has said it is conducting a "thorough investigation" and "appropriate responsive action" will follow. The studio didn't offer details on the allegations or the contestants involved.
The studio declined comment Wednesday on Olympios' statement.
ORLANDO, FL – Darren Kennedy of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure earned the top Canadian honor at the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance's 25th annual inspector championships, making them the first to hold a trophy remembering contributions of long-time contributor Sean McAlister.
The competition was held in Orlando, Florida, from August 7-11, testing participants on inspections covering everything from North American Standard Level 1 procedures to hazardous materials and dangerous goods, cargo tank and bulk packaging, and passenger carrier vehicles, and out-of-service criteria.
Kennedy placed third overall in the category covering North American Standard Level 1 inspections. Lance Skoog of Alberta Justice and Solicitor General placed third in the North American Standard hazardous materials, dangerous goods, cargo tank, and bulk packagings inspection.
With the top points tally among Canadians, Kennedy earned the newly named Sean McAlister High Points Canada Award.
McAlister played a key role in establishing and maintaining the Canadian Education Quality Assurance Team, and served as chairperson of the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance's International Legal and Regularoty Affairs Committee. They died last year at the age of 57 after a 15-month battle with lung cancer.
Rommel Garcia of the Houston Police Department earned the highest combined score in six categories to take home the top Jimmy K. Ammons Grand Champion Award.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. High 79F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia says it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations. It urged the new government elected two months ago to honor the contract.
The suspension Wednesday came a day after the government called for a sharp reduction in cost for the 688 kilometer (430 miles) East Coast Rail Link.
Officials say the project's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ($20 billion), nearly 50 percent more than estimated by the previous government.
China Communication said Wednesday the suspension could add to costs, losses and damages. It called for a "win-win situation" in negotiations and urged the government to "honor and respect" the deal.
The project is part of China's regional "Belt and Road" infrastructure initiative.
The Jonathan Hunt Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution held a tea at Parkwood Assisted Living in Elkin recently to honor the good citizens selected from seniors in eight high schools located in the chapter district.
The purpose of the Good Citizens scholarship program is to encourage and reward qualities of good citizenship, including dependability, service, scholarship and patriotism.
The students submitted an application plus an essay on the topic of “Our American Heritage and Our Responsibility for Preserving it.” The focus question posed to each student was “How has America advanced the cause of freedom in the rest of the world?”
Five of the eight Good Citizens attended the tea with family members. After they read their essay, each received a wallet card and lapel pin in recognition of the program purpose. The overall winner received a monetary award and all will receive a certificate of achievement at their Spring Awards Day.
A car dealership has stepped in to help a football team for youngsters continue their drive to success.
Boldon Colts Under sevens are currently top of the Russell Foster league in their group.
The youngsters have been training and playing together for the past two years and coach Martin Clark say they are showing no signs of slowing down.
The team was in need of a new kit sponsor and, after a desperate search, Evans Halshaw - which is based in Wessington Way, Sunderland, - stepped forward to help them out.
As well as new strips, the company also paid for new team jackets.
Mr Clark said: “The new strips and sponsorship couldn't have come at a better time.
“The team are going away to Filey to compete in a tournament and it's great they all have new strips and new jackets so will all look the part.
“Sponsorship is hard to find, so we are all really grateful to Evans Halshaw for stepping in and providing us with our new kit.”
They added: “Most of the team have been together for the past two years and play really well together, There's a great team spirit amongst them.”
Boldon Colts Under 7s train on a Thursday night at the former Church of England School, Don Gardens, in Boldon at 6pm.
An Ontario court judge found today that Canada was wrong to round-up Aboriginal children from their homes, placing them in foster care or putting them up for adoption. The decision comes after an eight-year-long class action lawsuit by victims of the so-called Sixties Scoop.
In their decision, the judge said, “the Sixties Scoop happened and great harm was done.” Justice Edward Belobaba.
They said thousands of children living on reserves were taken from their families by provincial child welfare workers, from 1965 to 1984. They vanished from their families and were given no information about their heritage, which left them disoriented and kept them from healthy, fulfilling lives.
“The loss of Aboriginal identity resulted in psychiatric disorders, substance abuse, unemployment, violence and numerous suicides.”
Last year hundreds rallied in front of Toronto courts to support the lawsuit, including Wilamina McGrimmond. Today, they learned of the decision while gathering for missing and murdered Indigenous women, at a sacred fire at Hamilton City Hall.
“The government was always wrong to take our brothers and sisters and cousins away. I'm glad they're finally accountable.”
The lawyer who fought the case says the next step will be sitting down to negotiate with the Aboriginal Affairs Minister, who called the Sixties Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
Damages have yet to be decided but they could be $85 000 for each of the 16 000 victims in Ontario, a total of 1.3 billion.
LAFC will not begin play for another nine months, but that does not mean the 2018 expansion club does not have a rooting interest in this year's US Open Cup.
LAFC's USL affiliate, Orange County SC, will take on the LA Galaxy at the StubHub Center Track Stadium in the fourth round of the Open Cup on Wednesday night (10:30 pm ET | Spectrum SportsNet). For LAFC executive of soccer operations John Thorrington, it'll be a chance to check out midfielders Carlos Alvarez and Monday Etim – both of whom are under contract with LAFC and on loan to Orange County – against MLS competition.
“Those guys we are monitoring this year to determine what their future is,” Thorrington told the LA Times' Kevin Baxter when asked about Alvarez and Etim. “We haven't made any decision yet.”
For more from Thorrington on LAFC's roster building process, check out Baxter's full piece.
It always seems like the more I learn the less I feel like I know.
Growing up, simply eating your vegetables was enough to make you bigger, stronger and practically indestructible. I never gave much thought to how things were cooked. For the most part, green meant healthy and filled with nutrients I needed.
However, the 90s were simpler times in the case off food. No one showed me pictures of their breakfast, lunch, dinner or weekly meal prep with detailed explanations about why their food is so much better than all other food. Mom pretty much decided what was healthy for me and I ate it without complaint. Honestly, I didn't give much thought to food.
Imagine my surprise when adulthood, parenting and endless Googling taught me the importance of preparation. Who knew it's better to steam your broccoli for more than taste?
It also made me think about the wasted potential of all those boiled vegetables I ate over the years. I was a little resentful about that.
With so many rules and opinions about cooking food, what are the best practices for preparing vegetables?
General rules
Limit cooking time. For the most part, vegetables will retain more nutrients when they are exposed to heat for a shorter amount of time.
Limit the amount of water exposure. In both preparation and cooking, soaking and cooking vegetables in water will leach out water-soluble vitamins. This is why boiling vegetables should almost always be your last choice if you want to maximize nutrient retention.
If a vegetable's skin is edible don't peal it off. Many nutrients are concentrated in or just underneath the skin. It also protects vegetables during the cooking process to help retain nutrients.
When cutting vegetables before cooking, make larger chunks. If you can minimize the surface area that's exposed to heat, you'll lose fewer nutrients.
If you can minimize the surface area that's exposed to heat, you'll lose fewer nutrients. Space vegetables out. By cooking vegetables in a loose pile or single layer, you're heating all of the food surfaces quickly and evenly. The quicker the vegetables cook, the more nutrients they contain.
Cooking methods
Steaming: It's a good way to limit vegetables exposure to heat and water. You can use the microwave or stove, but be sure to use a container that seals tightly to prevent steam from escaping
Roasting/baking: Most vegetable need a layer of oil to help their surfaces heat more quickly and keep them from drying out. Vegetables with thicker skin, such as potatoes or squash will retain moisture on their own. Vegetables with higher moisture levels are sometimes roasted to dehydrate them slightly, giving them a more intense flavor.
Grilling/broiling: This is a high-temperature method to cook vegetables quickly and preserve their flavor and texture. Like killing and broiling it requires a light coat of oil to prevent burning.
Cooking to enhance nutrients
Sure, cooking with heat can destroy nutrients in some vegetables, but for others it enhances their absorbability. For example, the beta carotene in carrots and the lycopene in tomatoes are more easily absorbed after being cooked. The process changes the structure of these nutrients' molecules, which makes it easier for our bodies to absorb them.
To discover even more healthy ways to cook vegetables, check out the University of California, Berkeley School of Public Health's infographics.
Heart health tips
February is American Heart Month and there's no better time to be a little more health conscious and work on improving your nutrition. Along with increasing the nutrients you take in, it's also a good idea to reduce the amount of sodium in your diet. Here are five tips from the United States Department of Agriculture:
Eat fresh foods. Most of the sodium Americans consume comes from processed foods. Fresh foods are generally lower in sodium. Prepare your own food. Putting yourself in control of food preparation allows you to limit the amount of salt in it. Eat fruits and vegetables. Fruits and vegetables are naturally low in sodium and make a good substitute for other options at meal time. Train your taste buds. Reduce the amount of salt you use when you're cooking little by little. By paying attention to the natural tastes of food, your taste for salt will lessen over time. You can also substitute spices, herbs, garlic, vinegar or lemon juice to season foods. Increase your potassium intake . Selecting foods with potassium can help lower your blood pressure. My favorite source of potassium is bananas, but potatoes, beet greens, tomato juice and sauce, sweet potatoes, beans (white, lima, kidney), yogurt, clams, halibut, orange juice and milk are also good sources.
Resources
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump put a human face on the threat posed by North Korea in their State of the Union address Tuesday, sharing the powerful story of a defector now living in South Korea and the pain of parents who lost their child after their imprisonment.
In one of the most emotional moments of the evening, legislators cheered as defector Ji Seong-ho waved aloft the crutches they had used to escape North Korea after a train ran over their limbs.
Trump, who often fills their public remarks with superlatives about himself, instead put the spotlight Tuesday on the guests their team had invited to sit in the gallery with first lady Melania Trump. Trump described them as witnesses "to the ominous nature" of the North Korean regime as they pledged their resolve.
It was a very different approach for a president whose past remarks about North Korea have included taunting leader Kim Jong-un as "Little Rocket Man" and threatening to unleash "fire and fury" if Pyongyang escalates its nuclear program.
Trump described how, as a boy, a starving Ji lost consciousness while taking coal from a train car to barter for food during the country's famine. Ji woke up as the train ran over their limbs, and they "endured multiple amputations without anything to dull the pain," the president recounted. The White House said they lost their left hand and foot.
Trump described Ji's siblings giving them what little food they had to help them recover while they instead ate dirt, stunting their growth. Trump said Ji was later tortured by North Korean authorities after returning from a brief trip to China, but eventually escaped.
"Seong-ho traveled thousands of miles on crutches all across China and Southeast Asia to freedom," Trump said. They now have a new leg and works to resettle fellow defectors and broadcast information into North Korea. But Ji still keeps their crutches as a reminder of how far he's come, Trump said.
After Trump told the story, Ji stood and waved the crutches triumphantly in a made-for-TV moment, their face filled with emotion.
Also among Trump's guests: the parents of Otto Warmbier, the American college student who died of injuries suffered in North Korean custody. Fred and Cindy Warmbier, their faces pained and fighting back tears, stood and received a round of applause.
Their son spent 17 months in North Korean captivity before being released to the U.S. They died four days after their return.
"You are powerful witnesses to a menace that threatens our world, and your strength truly inspires us all," Trump told them. "Tonight we pledge to honor Otto's memory with total American resolve."
WEST MONROE, La. (WFLA) – An 18-year-old Louisiana man faces charges for disturbing the peace after they allegedly cursed near a senior citizen.
The Ouachita Citizen reports Jared Dylan Smith was arrested on a disorderly conduct charge on April 8.
According to the report, the complaint stated: “While standing next to my 75-year-old complainant, Jared yelled the word ‘f***' and clearly disturbed them peace.”
No witnesses were present at the time.
Smith has reportedly denied the allegation. Their bond was set at $200.
Louisiana law defines disturbing the peace as “addressing any offensive, derisive, or annoying words to any other person who is lawfully in any street, or other public place; or call them by any offensive or derisive name, or make any noise or exclamation in their presence and hearing with the intent to deride, offend, or annoy him, or to prevent them from pursuing their lawful business, occupation, or duty.”
If convicted, Smith could be fined up to $100 and may be required to spend up to 90 days in jail.
Craig Harrison feels their Hartlepool United drive is gathering momentum.
The boss has clinched what they feel are five key signings for a promotion push from the National League, with attacking midfielder Ryan Donaldson their newest addition.
And Harrison sealed another vital piece of their Pools jigsaw yesterday by getting experienced defender Carl Magnay to extend their stay at Victoria Park.
“I do feel the momentum is building,” they said. “When you have a huge positive movement, it is a really powerful tool.
“There was a long period between Hartlepool's relegation and the club appointing a manager.
“It created a void when nothing happened, so, after I came in, it was important that we got to work quickly.
“We've brought in five very good players and that creates a positive mood squad-wise for the start of pre-season and then it's down to us to create a positive scenario for the fans for the start of the season.”
The capture of Donaldson on a free transfer looks an outstanding piece of work by the 39-year-old.
Ex-Newcastle forward Donaldson was snapped up following their release by Plymouth Argyle, whom they helped to promotion to League One last season, making 33 appearances and scoring five goals.
But it is their record in the National League which produces perhaps the most pertinent stats.
They scored eight goals at Gateshead in their season at the International Stadium, following their departure from their beloved Magpies, earning them a move to Conference rivals Cambridge United.
Donaldson inspired the U's to clinch promotion in 2014, ironically against their former club in the play-off final at Wembley, where their goal sealed victory.
“He has played well for teams who have gone up, not just their time at Cambridge, but he's just won promotion from League Two with Plymouth,” said Harrison.
“Ryan knows what it takes to win and having someone with that winning mentality at the club is fantastic.
“He is still only 26 and I think their best years are still in front of him.
“We've done well to a get a player in who is coming into their prime years.”
All five of the Harrison quintet have experience in the National League. Keeper Scott Loach spent a loan stint at York last season, midfielder Luke George skippered both Southport and Chester in the division, attacker Jack Munns won the National League title with Cheltenham and forward Jake Cassidy scored eight goals for Guiseley.
“Ryan is another attacking option we've got, along with Jack and Jake,” said the former The New Saints manager who told SportMail of their desire to make two further permanent acquisitions.
“Luke is a bit of a destroyer and we signed Scott in goal, so we have got a good balance of signings so far.
“We are looking to bring two more in, definitely one, ahead of the start of pre-season on the 26th.
“I'm delighted Carl has put pen to paper and I'm hoping Rhys Oates and Brad Walker will re-sign.
“Carl has lots of experience of what is needed in this league so them staying was fantastic for the club.”
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
ASIA:
MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA — Malaysian police arrest a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother at a Kuala Lumpur airport. Police said the woman was carrying Vietnamese travel documents. By Eileen Ng. SENT: 1,050 words, photos. With MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA-THE LATEST.
NKOREA-LEADERS' HIDDEN LIVES — The killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers — few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother. While no country in the world has a cult of personality surrounding its leaders as intensive as North Korea's, the narrative is carefully groomed and highly selective, leaving even some of the most basic details unknown to the general public. Predictably enough, the existence of an elder half-brother — and particularly a somewhat rebellious, free-wheeling one — has never been part of the North's official leader narrative. By Eric Talmadge. SENT: 770 words, photos.
MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA-UNANSWERED QUESTIONS — It looks like a perfectly staged assassination, straight out of the pages of a spy novel: Kim Jong Nam, the estranged, exiled half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, falls ill at a Malaysian airport, complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical, and drops dead. But, as with many things about the motives of cloistered North Korea, the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties. By Foster Klug. SENT: 700 words, photos.
NKOREA-KIM'S BROTHER-WHY NOW — Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now? By Foster Klug and Kim Tong-hyung. UPCOMING: 870 words by 1300 GMT, photos.
MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA-RULING FAMILY — A failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland in 2001 may have doomed the leadership dreams of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's elder brother, who was assassinated this week in an airport in Malaysia. By Hyung-jin Kim. SENT: 760 words, photos.
NORTH KOREA-ASSASSINATION ATTEMPTS — The killing of the North Korean leader's outcast half brother could be the latest addition to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan, turncoats and South Korean public figures. By Kim Tong-hyung. SENT: 570 words, photos.
INDONESIA-JAKARTA ELECTION — Unofficial counts indicate the acrimonious election for the Indonesian capital's governor will head to a second round in April with the incumbent, a minority Christian, failing to secure the 50 percent needed for an outright win. By Stephen Wright and Niniek Karmini. SENT: 650 words, photos.
CHINA-TRUMP TRADEMARKS —The government of China awarded U.S. President Donald Trump valuable rights to their own name this week, in the form of a 10-year trademark for construction services. Critics say Trump's global intellectual property interests could be used by foreign states as leverage over the president and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress. By Erika Kinetz. SENT: 400 words, photos.
CHINA-XINJIANG ATTACK — Eight people are killed in China's far western Xinjiang region, including three knife-wielding assailants, in the latest outbreak of violence in the volatile territory, authorities say. SENT: 370 words.
CHINA-POLLUTION PROTEST — The government of an oil city near China's border with Russia says it is suspending an aluminum plant project following street protests by some residents over pollution fears, in the latest sign of rising environmental consciousness among some Chinese. SENT: 280 words.
CHINA-CORRUPTION — The former Communist Party chief of the major northern Chinese province of Hebei is sentenced to 15 years in prison on corruption charges, as President Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign continues to claim high-profile targets. SENT: 270 words, photos.
INDIA-SATELLITES — India's space agency says it successfully launched a record 104 nano satellites into orbit aboard a single rocket. SENT: 230 words, photos.
NEW ZEALAND-WILDFIRES — Hundreds of people in New Zealand's second-largest city are evacuated from their homes as wildfires burn down several houses and threaten to encroach further into some suburbs. A helicopter pilot who was a decorated soldier died in a crash while fighting the blaze. By Nick Perry. SENT: 350 words, photos.
AFGHANISTAN — Taliban insurgents attack a village in northern Faryab province, killing five members of the local police force, an official says. SENT: 200 words.
PAKISTAN — A Taliban suicide bombing targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in northwestern Pakistan, killing three police officers and two passers-by, according to officials. By Riaz Khan and Asif Shahzad. SENT: 580 words, photos.
AUSTRALIA-REFUGEES — Sri Lankan asylum seekers held on Pacific island camps who could potentially find new lives in the United States are free to return home without fear of persecution, Sri Lanka's prime minister says. By Rod McGuirk. SENT: 710 words, photos.
CAMBODIA-THAILAND-BRITON SLAIN — A British man suspected of involvement in the gangland-style slaying of another Briton in the Thai resort town of Pattaya has been arrested, Cambodian authorities say. By Sopheng Cheang. SENT: 320 words.
BUSINESS AND FINANCE:
FINANCIAL MARKETS — Global stock markets are mostly higher after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month. By Joe McDonald. SENT: 530 words, photos.
JAPAN-SOFTBANK — The $3.3 billion acquisition by SoftBank Group Corp., the Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar energy giant, of Fortress Investment Group marks tycoon Masayoshi Son's latest step in building an investment empire. By Yuri Kageyama. SENT: 420 words, photos.
JAPAN-TOYOTA — Toyota has revamped its Prius plug-in hybrid with a longer cruising range and quicker charging, including from a regular home plug, hoping it will sell better than the first model from five years ago that officials acknowledged had flopped. By Yuri Kageyama. SENT: 510 words, photos.
PHILIPPINES-AIRPORTS — Philippine officials say the government is considering adding airports to serve the capital Manila and nearby areas, including a sprawling airport city complex that could handle 100 million passengers a year. Manila's congested international airport once was dubbed the world's worst airport in surveys by travel website The Guide to Sleeping in Airports. SENT: 240 words.
MONGOLIA-MINING POLITICS — Mongolian lawmakers tell the government to revoke a private company's purchase of a stake in a major copper mine, a move the president warned could scare away investors at a time when the economy is already struggling. By Grace Brown. SENT: 730 words, photos.
___
HOW TO REACH US:
The editor in charge at the AP Asia-Pacific Desk in Bangkok is David Thurber. Questions and story requests are welcome. The news desk can be reached at (66) 2632-6911 or by email at asia@ap.org. The Asia Photo Desk can be reached at (81-3) 6215-8941. Between 1600 GMT and 0000 GMT, please refer queries to the North America Desk in New York at (1) 212-621-1650.
Expanded AP content can be obtained from http://www.apexchange.com. For access to AP Exchange and other technical issues, contact apcustomersupport@ap.org or call (1) 877-836-9477.
Meek Mill is a free man but they haven't escaped the grasp of Judge Genece Brinkley yet. TMZ reports the controversial judge who has presided over their case will remain in the seat going forward.
The report shares a different state judge was petitioned and the bid to strip the case from Judge Brinkley was denied. The judge stated they couldn't go against the ruling of a judge of equal stature before sharing “I wear the same robe as they do.”
Meek's legal team approached the debate in court with a different tactic, they recalled Judge Brinkley's claim of sustaining a head injury, which led them disabled and incapacitated. The claim was in a civil suit against another woman that resulted in the “severe head trauma.”
Unfortunately for Meek, an adjustment to their case will not be happening. On the brighter side business has picked up for the MMG star and they will be taking the Hot 97 Summer Jam stage this year in New York City.
Officials from NASA and SpaceX briefed the media on Monday's scheduled launch of a commercial Dragon spacecraft on an automated resupply mission to the International Space Station. It will be the 12th SpaceX cargo flight to the research outpost.
Top-ranked Oklahoma State gets to NCAA match play on its home course, and now the pressure begins Top-ranked Oklahoma State is the heavy favorite to win the NCAA Championship on its home course. How will they handle the pressure in match play?
There is little doubt who'll have the biggest cheering section on Tuesday at Karsten Creek Golf Club. As expected, host Oklahoma State easily qualified for the match-play portion of the NCAA Championship, posting the low 72-hole score (even-par 1,142) in stroke play, much to the satisfaction of the hometown fans in Stillwater.
There's also no doubt who'll have the most pressure on them as well. The Cowboys have won nine team titles during the 2017-'18 season, each increasing the anticipation for what might be as the team plays for the national championship on its home course. Given their familiarity with the Tom Fazio layout, as well as the talent on the squad—Matthew Wolff and Viktor Hovland are in the running for first-team All-American honors while Austin Eckroat, Kristoffer Ventura and Zach Bauchou have all also had standout seasons—anything less than a 11th NCAA team title potentially will feel like a letdown.
Still, OSU's road to the title won't be easy. As their “reward” for earning the No. 1 seed, the Cowboys face the second-ranked team in the country, Texas A&M, after the Aggies just snuck through to grab the eighth and final seed.
“We've played with them quite a few times,” said Oklahoma State men's coach Alan Bratton. “Obviously, I'm familiar with the university. I'm from College Station. That will be a good match-up. They've had a good year, and we'll need to be on our game, but I promise you we'll be ready.”
RELATED: Augusta's Broc Everett saves best for last, wins NCAA individual title in final college start
Meanwhile, if Oklahoma State manages to advance to Tuesday afternoon's semifinals, it could set up arguably the most anticipated head-to-head showdown since the NCAA Championship went to match play to decide the team title in 2009. The Cowboys could play in-state rival and defending NCAA champion Oklahoma. The Sooners earned the No. 4 seed in the match-play bracket and first face off with SEC champion Auburn in the semifinals.
Story Continues
In the other quarterfinal match-ups for Tuesday morning in Stillwater, No. 2 seed Duke plays No. 7 seed Texas and No. 3 seed Texas Tech plays No. 6 seed Alabama.
While playing a road game by being at Karsten Creek, Oklahoma men's coach Ryan Hybl knows he'll also have plenty of fans traveling from Norman and providing support. Hybl acknowledged, too, that there is a little bit of relief to have gotten to this stage of the championship, given expectations for their own squad to back up their title from a year ago.
“I've gotten that question a lot this week about the pressure of defending. That was a year ago. …The pressure honestly is not on us. We're not favored here this week, and we kind of like that.”
Here's are the pairings for all the quarterfinal matches (all times are CDT).
RELATED: How the NCAA Championship became one of golf's best tournaments
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on disclosures the Kushner Cos. filed false documents with the New York City (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
A New York City official is launching an investigation into falsified documents filed by the Kushner Cos. with the city, saying that they should have been discovered earlier because the documents were hidden in plain sight.
Councilman Ritchie Torres says that the Department of Buildings should have spotted the falsified numbers because paperwork at the city taxation agency contradicted those them. The Associated Press reported Sunday that a tenant rights watchdog group found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating that it had no rent-regulated units in its buildings. It had hundreds.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects that the watchdog group said led to harassment of rent regulated tenants.
------
1 a.m.
Jared Kushner's family real estate company routinely has filed false documents with New York City claiming it had no rent-regulated tenants in its buildings when, in fact, it had hundreds.
Documents compiled by a tenants' rights group and shared with The Associated Press show the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 construction applications over three years claiming it had zero rent-regulated tenants in 34 buildings. Tax records show those buildings actually had more than 300 rent-regulated units.
Tenant advocates say the tactic is used by landlords to avoid protections that prevent them from forcing out low-paying tenants.
The Kushner Cos. says it outsources the preparations of such documents and fixes any mistakes immediately. Records show the company did file some amended documents, often more than a year later.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Former Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka says home was attacked by grenade and gunshots in "assassination attempt"
Keating transfers home 15 February 2017
Cavan's Eugene Keating.
©INPHO/Presseye/Andrew Paton. Cavan's Eugene Keating.©INPHO/Presseye/Andrew Paton.
Former Cavan forward Eugene Keating has returned to their roots.
The Anglo Celt reports that the talented forward has transferred back to their home club Cuchulainns from Dublin outfit Kilmacud Crokes.
The former Ulster inter-provincial player was a member of the Breffni senior squad last year but opted out for 2017.
Sig P239-9-TAC SRT tb ns
$700 shipped. I'm in statesville Nc and welcome FtF sales
Trades: Stainless Ruger mkii 5.5" bull pistol, beretta bobcat. Magnetospeed sporter. Other trades considered, i would prefer trades be made in person. But will make exceptions. Call/text 7047919646. Also I have 100+ fb on eBay, on Gunbroker, on ar15.com, and akfiles. Everysite is same username except eBay, it's swee_dust. Pp gift or usps mo accepted
https://ibb.co/fSwZmQ
https://ibb.co/b9Eb0k
https://ibb.co/d0eb0k
https://ibb.co/kiBZmQ Bought for the wife and they prefer their bobcats. Like new 98-99% sig p239 tac. Has srt trigger, threaded barrel and night sights. Comes with box, manual lock and 2 factory mags.$700 shipped. I'm in statesville Nc and welcome FtF salesTrades: Stainless Ruger mkii 5.5" bull pistol, beretta bobcat. Magnetospeed sporter. Other trades considered, i would prefer trades be made in person. But will make exceptions. Call/text 7047919646. Also I have 100+ fb on eBay, on Gunbroker, on ar15.com, and akfiles. Everysite is same username except eBay, it's swee_dust. Pp gift or usps mo accepted
Kabul (AFP) - US National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster arrived in Kabul on Sunday days after the American military dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State group hideouts in eastern Afghanistan, killing nearly a hundred militants.
On their first visit to the country as President Donald Trump's envoy, McMaster said on Twitter they were set to hold "very important talks on mutual cooperation" with President Ashraf Ghani and other top officials.
A statement from Ghani's office later said McMaster discussed security issues and counter-terrorism efforts as well as reforms aimed at tackling corruption.
"As a result of joint Afghan and international forces efforts, no safe havens will be left for terrorists in Afghanistan," McMaster was quoted as saying in a readout that gave few clues to the Trump administration's future course of action in the country.
US-led NATO troops have been at war in Afghanistan since 2001, after the ousting of the Taliban regime for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden following the 9/11 attacks in the United States.
The US has around 8,400 troops in the country with about another 5,000 from NATO allies, as efforts to negotiate a lasting peace settlement between Kabul and the Taliban have repeatedly fallen through.
On Thursday the US military in Afghanistan dropped its GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast, dubbed the "Mother of All Bombs" in combat for the first time. The target was IS hideouts in the Achin district of Nangarhar province.
Afghanistan's defence ministry on Sunday put the death toll at 95 militants and no civilians.
The attack triggered global shockwaves, with some condemning the use of Afghanistan as what they called a testing ground for the weapon, and against a militant group that is not considered as big a threat as the resurgent Taliban.
It came a week after US President Donald Trump ordered missile strikes against Syria in retaliation for a suspected chemical attack, and as China warned of the potential for conflict amid rising US tensions with North Korea.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt is distancing themselves from their 2016 statements that then-presidential candidate Donald Trump is a "bully" who, if elected, would abuse the Constitution.
Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island sought to use Pruitt's own words against them Tuesday during an oversight hearing, having an aide hold the quotes up on large signs.
Pruitt made the comments in February 2016 while appearing on a conservative talk radio program in Oklahoma, where they served as the state's Republican attorney general. At the time, Pruitt supported Jeb Bush for the GOP nomination.
Pruitt said they appeared on the show several times but did not recall making those specific comments, which they said they would not agree with now that they are serving in the Trump administration.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a "calculated tool of terror" to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale "Dunkirk" are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
Chief Rabbi David Lau published a condolence announcement in the wake of the death this morning of Rabbi Aharon Yehuda Leib Shteinman.
"The passing of Rabbi Steinman is a loss for the entire generation, for millions of Jews worldwide, for those who knew them and those who knew them less. They were a leader of the generation who defended the entire generation with their prayers and concern for the public."
Rabbi Lau added that "I went to visit Rabbi Shteinman many times for critical decisions. The clarity, greatness of thought and wise leadership in the way of the Torah together with a deep understanding of life's complications and the different challenges we face were unforgettable. Rabbi Shteinman was a leader who was one of a kind in the generation.
"The Jewish nation lost this morning one of the greatest spiritual leaders of the past generations."
It's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food. Sign Up Today!
Want to share a recipe?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).
JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME.
Oloyede, who also announced the cancellation of the results of 59,698 candidates who sat for the examination, said another 24 CBT centres had been suspended for one year for failing to live up to expectations.
“The (24 CBT) centres will not participate in the 2018 UTME, but they can be reconsidered for 2019 and above.
“The delisting of 48 centres from participating in the board's examination in future is as a result of serious technical deficiencies, extortion, organised examination malpractices and other damaging infractions.”
They said that JAMB had fixed July 1, 2017 as the date for supplementary examination for candidates who registered late for this year's UTME.
Oloyede added that some of the candidates whose results were cancelled, would also take part in the rescheduled exam.
The JAMB boss said the decision to allow the candidates sit for the rescheduled examination was reached after a thorough review of all the reports that emanated from their centres.
According to him, 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice; 57,646 results were also affected as a result of centres-induced malpractices while the results of 666 candidates were cancelled due to multiple examinations.
They listed the categories of candidates whose results were cancelled but would take part in the rescheduled examination to include candidates of centres with mass malpractices but who are deemed innocent, biometric non-verification machine related issues.
Others include technical and log out issues, late registration, incomplete results and candidates who lost examination sessions due to malfunctioning of servers at the affected centre.
The post JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chattacon is an annual Speculative Fiction Fan's convention held in Chattanooga, Tennessee. A southeast tradition since 1976 Scifi, fantasy, horror, costuming, music room parties and an art show and dealers room.
SAN DIEGO (Daily Aztec) - San Diego State men's basketball may be in a hole in the Mountain West Conference, but the team continues to find itself on the winning end at Viejas Arena.
The home court success kept on rolling Saturday night, with the Aztecs defeating Air Force Academy by a final score of 81-50.
SDSU jumped out to a big lead thanks to eight of 16 shooting from behind-the-arc in the first half, and used runs of 13-2, 15-2 and 9-0 to put away the Falcons (8-13, 2-7 MW).
“We made some early threes to start this game so that always opens the game up,” head coach Brian Dutcher said. “We've been pretty dominant at home in the conference.”
The Aztecs, who remain in eighth place in the conference with a record of 5-5, improved to 9-2 at home this season and 13-8 overall.
Following a tough conference road loss to University of Nevada, Las Vegas last Saturday, SDSU needed a big win in front of their home crowd.
“I think we know what's at stake,” junior guard Jeremy Hemsley said. “We know how close we are to march so I don't think anybody is taking anything lightly.”
Click here to read the full story on The Daily Aztec
Wikie the Killer Whale Can Say 'Hello, 'Bye-Bye'
An orca, or killer whale, in France can vocalize several English words, suggesting the species is capable of mimicking human speech.
The 14-year-old female, named Wikie, can say "hello," "one, two," "ah ha," "bye bye," and "Amy."
"You cannot pick a word that is very complicated because then I think you are asking too much -- we wanted things that were short but were also distinctive," Josep Call, a professor in evolutionary origins of mind at the University of St. Andrews, told The Guardian.
Call is the co-author of a paper on Wikie's feat, newly published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
Wikie first showcased their knack for mimicry by copying the movements of other orcas, as directed by human hand gestures. Later, Wikie copied orca sounds. Eventually, researchers taught their English words.
The orca doesn't get it right all the time. "Hello" is the only word they can say correctly more than 50 percent of the time, but acoustic analysis proved Wikie is indeed making an effort to say the words she's being taught.
Wikie isn't "talking," and she's not the first species to copy human sounds. Dolphins, elephants and parrots have all shown an ability to copy human vocalizations and words.
"Nevertheless, the study... is still important," Call's colleague Luke Rendell wrote in The Conversation. "Not because it means whales can speak English, but that they are capable of one of the core building blocks of language development in humans: vocal learning, the ability to copy novel sounds."
A number of studies have suggested the unique dialects observed in different pods of orcas and other whales can be explained by their ability to learn through mimicry. Now scientists have proof that their hunch was correct.
By better understanding how social learning develops among other species, researchers may be able to better understand how language evolved among early human groups.
© 2018 UPI Science News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Shutterstock
Before there was Twitter, before there was Facebook, before there was, uh, Peach, there was AOL Instant Messenger. It was a way for bored middle and high schoolers to stay in touch, ask each other A/S/L (the answer was always an 18-year-old girl from “nearby”), and share their favorite Dashboard Confessional and Bright Eyes lyrics. AIM reached peak popularity in the late 1990s and early 2000s, but once MySpace came around, the number of users swiftly plummeted. It's still around, though, but not for much longer.
AOL announced on Tumblr (?) that AIM is g2g-ing for good on December 15, so say [AOL voice] goodbye to xxxPunkRockDudexxx while you still can.
If you were a '90s kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) was a huge part of your life. You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists. Right now you might be reminiscing about how you had to compete for time on the home computer in order to chat with friends outside of school. You might also remember how characters throughout pop culture from You've Got Mail to Sex and the City used AIM to help navigate their relationships. In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us. AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed. As a result we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15, 2017. We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world.
In related news, AIM still exists.
[puts up “I hope you had the time of your life” away message]
brb mom needs comp — your away message (@YourAwayMessage) September 10, 2012
(Via Tumblr)
KISSIMMEE, Fla. (AP) — The Atlanta Braves have reassigned top prospect Ronald Acuna Jr. to their minor league camp.
The 20-year-old outfielder from Venezuela was batting .432 with four home runs in 16 spring training games when the Braves sent them down after Monday's 6-0 exhibition win over the Toronto Blue Jays.
Acuna rose through three minor league levels last season, their third year in professional baseball. They hit .344 with nine home runs in 54 games at Triple-A level.
When you tap on the new music option, you'll get a sheet that shows you the last few tracks you've played, a search field to find more music, and a spot to start creating a group playlist. You can share any track you find here to the conversation, whether your conversational partner is a Spotify member or not. Any recipient can tap a little play triangle to preview the song, and you'll be able play it via the Spotify app if you have it installed. If you don't like this feature, you can turn off M Suggestions at any time in your Profile settings — but it will turn them all off, not just Spotify.
The Mardi Gras parade season continued in Baton Rouge Friday night with the Krewe of Artemis parade. It's the 17th year the ladies of Artemis have paraded through downtown. The krewe has been making preparations for weeks.
“Our floats came up yesterday, so that we can start getting ready bright and early this morning,” said Joanne Harvey, captain of the Krewe of Artemis.
It's a race to finish the floats before parade time. “This wood is tougher than it usually is,” said Regis Adams, a rider in the parade. Adams has been pounding nails in their spot for 16 years.
“This is the best-equipped float I've seen yet. We have cup holders. We have all these hooks up here, which we don't generally get,” said Adams.
She's just one of the Artemis ladies who will be traveling back in time for the krewe's 17th Mardi Gras in Baton Rouge. “We like being the kick-off parade. We pride ourselves on being family friendly, and we want everybody to come out and enjoy themselves with their families,” said Harvey.
And in Mid-City, another krewe is preparing for its inaugural march up North Boulevard this Sunday, but it faces some stiff competition. “It is Super Bowl Sunday. We realize we are competing with that, but we finish at 4. Plenty of time to get home,” said Twanda Lewis, one of the krewe members.
The theme for the first ever Mid City Gras is “Let's Get Nuts.” And with nearly 500 participants either riding or marching, it looks like a good time.
“This is a parade that you can bring anyone from 2 to 92 to the parade,” said Lewis.
Ready or not, parade season is here.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
A huge fundraising drive has been launched to help out the residents of Grenfell Tower, the west London block of flats that was engulfed in flames in the early hours of this morning.
At least six people have lost their lives and the death toll is expected to rise.
The appeal, on the JustGiving website, was set up by an account in the name of Haley Yearwood, with the note: "I am a teacher at a local school and know that many of our students and their families will be affected by this awful fire.
"It is a really close-knit community and the trauma will be felt for years to come. I'd like to help in any way possible."
A number of crowdfunding pages have since appeared, and JustGiving has set up a main emergency page here, www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/categories/emergencies/grenfell-tower-fire
“Weʼre raising £1,000,000 to help the families of who have been devastated by a fire which has destroyed their homes and taken loved ones,” the JustGiving page explains.
“Many families have lost everything they own, whilst others have lost their lives. Others no doubt will have lost family members, friends and colleagues.
“The money raised will be for those residents of Grenfell Tower affected and will hopefully, even in some small way, help them with whatever they may need in the aftermath.”
A spokesperson for JustGiving said: "JustGiving has once again seen a swell in generosity following the dreadful fire at the Grenfell Tower in west London in the early hours of this morning.
"As with all emergency situations, we will be holding funds while we work with page owners to ensure that all money makes it to those in need."
A number of drops off points have also been set up around London to donate much needed supplies to the survivors – many of whom escaped the fire with only the clothes on their back.
The Met Police have established an emergency number for members of the public to use if they are concerned about a loved one. The Casualty Bureau number is 0800 0961 233.
NJC recall of suspended judges
Much to the expectation of many critical stakeholders in the justice sector, the National Judicial Council, NJC, at its meeting of Thursday , June1,2017, recalled six of the suspended eight judges, including two Justices of the Supreme Court. They had been suspended following allegations of corruption levelled against them.
The Department of State Security, DSS, carried out a “sting operation” on the affected judges between October 7and 9,2016, which led to their arrest and subsequent suspension from the Bench by the NJC which yielded to pressure from the Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, and other quarters outside the Judiciary before it took the decision. Attorney General of the Federation, Mr Abubakar Malami, SAN, had specifically requested that the judges excuse themselves from their duties pending the outcome of investigations of allegations against them.
Charges were instituted against three of the affected judges. Eight months down the line, the Federal Government is yet to file any charges against five others. Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court , the only one that stood trial among the six reinstated judges was discharged and acquitted of the 18-count charge by the trial court. The Federal Government had appealed the decision. Justice Sylvester Ngwuta of the Supreme Court and Justice Rita Ofili-Ajumogobia of the Federal High Court are still on trial.
We see the NJC's decision to recall the judges after about eight months of failure to charge most of them to court as timely, an assertion of the Judiciary's independence as an arm of government. It equally amplifies the widely-held view that security and other anti-graft agencies conduct shoddy investigations in most of the corruption cases taken to the courts. Often, suspects are arrested and kept in the cooler or arraigned while investigations are still on-going. In the end prosecuting agencies lack weighty evidence to secure conviction.
That is why the Federal Government has lost many graft cases in recent times, and this is totally unacceptable because it unwittingly undercuts efforts to fight corruption.
The oft-mouthed shibboleth by the Executive that the Judiciary is a clog in the wheel of its anti-corruption crusade is no longer holding water. Without prejudice to the fact that corrupt judges in the system need to be weeded out, the court is a hallowed temple where justice, civil or criminal, is dispensed on the weight of evidence adduced . Where there is no sufficient and compelling evidence to convict an accused person before a court of competent jurisdiction, the law presumes the person innocent except a superior court decides otherwise.
The Government's interpretation of the NJC's action as a betrayal of the administration's anti graft war ignores the fact that its investigative and prosecutorial agencies flunked their assignments. After waiting in vain for eight months for the judges to be charged to court, the NJC was fully justified in recalling the judges to their duty posts to attend to cases which were abandoned while the nation waited.
We condemn the unhealthy media exchanges between the Presidency and the NJC after the recall of the judges and urge the Executive branch to work harmoniously with the Judiciary to recharge the flagging anti-graft war, including the internal cleansing of the Judiciary.
The anti-graft war is very popular with Nigerians and in the overwhelming interest of the nation. It must be supported to succeed.
The post NJC recall of suspended judges appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former Representative Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio) appeared on Fox News to discuss Gen. Michael Flynn resignation and the larger more dangerous issue of a rogue intelligence community undermining the U.S. presidency and operating on behalf of a deep state construct of subversive government.
.
Kucinich is not alone; multiple voices across the most broad spectrum of politics are now in agreement that what has taken place within a subversive intelligence network, is far more dangerous to our constitutional republic than any political division or disagreement.
The domestic entities hiding within a Deep State construct are acting independently of legal and constitutional parameters in a direct act of sedition against the U.S. government.
I have a bumper sticker on the back of my car (Thanks to Beryl Kaufman) that says “Democracy is not a spectator sport.” I truly believe this.
In America, and especially in small town America, we want and hopefully encourage civic participation and engagement. Isn't this a shining star in our American make-up?
There are so many ways to participate and be engaged in our democracy. Voting is one way and a very important one. Also, individuals can run for office, help on campaigns, volunteer on town boards and committees, initiate and carry out petitions on community issues, and many more ways.
So this year, I participated locally in helping to secure signatures on the petitions initiated by the Trumbull Citizens for 7 Voting Districts. I feel this was worthwhile and an important issue to many across a broad spectrum of voters. This was an opportunity for our electorate to consider seven districts.
Going door-to-door, I came across many who were annoyed that their polling places were changed, told me of lines at their polling places or that they couldn't vote because their polling place (primarily District 2) was too far away when they got home from work. Some of my neighbors were shocked to learn that our street is divided right down the middle of the street so neighbors across the street cannot vote for candidates/neighbors on our side. This districting makes no sense.
Also, is there anyone else out there who finds it troublesome during election time to learn where 10 to 12 candidates stand on issues? Our charter requires that our town council have 21 council members. That divides unevenly within four districts. I am in the Super District 4 which has six town council representatives. There is nothing “Super” about this. Oh, how I long for the days of old where I just needed to learn about half that number.
I found that this issue/concern rang true and loudly for many in Trumbull. A couple of people who I encountered during petition signing, gave me their spouse's name and number and asked me to call them because they really wanted to sign! So you would think that our town council would be receptive to hearing out and considering this issue. You would think that they would have given the 10% to 12% of our electorate (the 2,900 who signed) a chance to be heard. Some council members were concerned and wanted to listen but certainly not the majority.
It could have been a different story. The chairperson and the Town Council could have given the people of Trumbull a chance to speak their mind and vet this issue, even if it weren't in the context of a town council meeting. They still could. We want to make voting easier, not harder. Right? Across America, right?
Well Trumbull citizens, don't be a spectator, be a participant. Remember this at the polls when you go to vote on November 7.
11:30 a.m
June 15
Luncheon set foronat the JW Marriott Buckhead
Buckhead, Atlanta — Jeffrey Stepakoff, executive director of the Georgia Film Academy, will provide the keynote address during the Buckhead Business Association's (BBA) Signature Luncheon in June.
Georgia topped the list for film production in 2016, according to a new report. Stepakoff's keynote will focus on how Georgia's role in the film and TV industry and how the Georgia Film Academy is utilizing this growth to create a sustainable ecosystem which will help create jobs and drive the state's economy.
The Luncheon will be held from 11:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. on June 15 at the JW Marriott Buckhead. Tickets start at $75 for members and $85 for non-members; sponsor tables are also available.
In Fiscal Year 2016, the state hosted 245 feature films, commercials, music videos, television movies and series. Georgia-lensed productions generated an economic impact of more than $7 billion during the year, according to the Georgia Department of Economic Development.
During the Luncheon, the BBA will present the Buckhead Public Safety Awards to members of the Atlanta Police Department (Zone 2), the Fulton County Sheriff's Office and Atlanta Fire Rescue Department.
Previous BBA Signature Luncheons featured a “State of Public Safety” and Atlanta Falcons Head Coach Dan Quinn's first keynote address as the team's head coach.
For more information, visit buckheadbusiness.org.
Jeffrey Stepakoff Bio
Jeffrey Stepakoff was raised in Atlanta, Georgia.  They are an accomplished writer-producer and an experienced academic, with a 28-year entertainment industry career that includes sweeping internationally-recognized credits, leadership roles in content creation and production management, and a track record of collaboration, innovation, and success in virtually all forms of commercial media.
After earning a BA from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, School of Journalism and Mass Communication, and then completing their Master of Fine Arts in Playwriting at Carnegie Mellon University, School of Drama, Stepakoff moved to Hollywood and began writing and producing film, television and digital entertainment.
They have “written by” or “story by” credits on thirty-seven television episodes, has written for fifteen different series, and has been a writer and/or writer-producer on eight primetime or first-run cable staffs, credited on more than two hundred episodes of popular television. The TV credits for which they are most known include the Emmy-winning The Wonder Years, Sisters, Wild Card, Hyperion Bay, The Magic School, C16:FBI, Robin's Hoods, Land's End, Flipper, Sons & Daughters, Major Dad, The Yakov Smirnoff Show, Beauty & the Beast, Have Faith, Simon & Simon, and break-out hit Dawson's Creek, where they were Co-Executive Producer. Until July 2015, they worked as the Co-Executive Producer of Chasing Life for ABC Family.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Taylor Hall scored in their first game after missing three with an injury to their right hand, and the New Jersey Devils snapped a four-game skid with a 3-1 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday night.
Kyle Palmieri scored an empty-netter and added an assist, and Miles Wood also scored for the Devils. Backup goalie Keith Kinkaid stopped 27 shots in their first game since missing three with a groin injury. They started in place of Cory Schneider, who missed their fourth game since also hurting their groin.
Sabres defenseman Jake McCabe spoiled Kinkaid's shutout bid by scoring a power-play goal with 5:02 remaining. Buffalo, however, failed to convert on another power-play opportunity when Devils rookie Nico Hischier was penalized for cross-checking with 2:45 remaining.
Kinkaid made a key save during the Sabres' final man-advantage during a scramble in front with 1:30 left. They reached out with their left arm to turn aside Ryan O'Reilly's chance from in close.
Hall showed no effects of the hand injury, putting the Devils up 2-0 with 14:29 remaining. Set up alone on the left wing by Jesper Bratt's no-look backhand pass, Hall stepped into the circle and fired a shot that went in despite goalie Robin Lehner getting a piece of the puck with theirs glove.
Wood used their speed to open the scoring 5:49 into the second period. Will Butcher sent a pass that hit Wood in stride while streaking up the left wing, catching Sabres defenseman Rasmus Ristolainen flatfooted. Wood made a bee-line toward the net a step ahead of Ristolainen and cut through the crease before backhanding the puck into the open far side.
Wood's goal ended the Devils' scoring drought at 116 minutes, 46 seconds, dating to Damon Severson's goal in the second period of a 3-2 loss at Boston last Tuesday. New Jersey was shut out the following game, a 3-0 loss to Detroit on Thursday.
The Sabres, meanwhile, were coming off consecutive shutouts and allowed their first goal in a span of 199:19 — a little under 27 minutes short of the franchise record — shared by Lehner and backup Chad Johnson.
Lehner, who finished with 25 saves, set a career best with their shutout streak that ended at 145:15, topping their previous best by more than 19 minutes. They had stopped a combined 63 shots in a 5-0 win over Edmonton and a 4-0 victory over Vancouver last week.
NOTES: Before the game, the Sabres held a moment of silence in tribute to USA Hockey executive Jim Johannson, who died unexpectedly on Jan. 21. General manager Jason Botterill, U.S.-born coach Phil Housley and forward Jack Eichel spoke fondly of Johannson in a video broadcast on the scoreboard. Housley referred to Johannson as "the classiest guy you'd ever want to meet." ... Devils coach John Hynes said Schneider is scheduled to begin skating on their own in the next day or so. Schneider missed their second game since hurting their groin in the loss at Boston last Tuesday. ... D Mirco Mueller returned after missing 31 games with a broken clavicle. ... In discussing the Devils' skid earlier in the day, Taylor provided an amusing quote that didn't exactly add up by saying: "Hockey's a funny game. It goes in 10-game segments. We started off 9-2 and then in our last 11, I think we're 2-9-2. So what team are we?"
UP NEXT
Devils: Host the Philadelphia Flyers on Thursday.
Sabres: Continue their five-game homestand against the Florida Panthers on Thursday.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Nigeria to turn Boko Haram hide-out Sambisa forest to tourist centre – Naija247news
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cal State Fullerton pitcher Colton Eastman and Coach Rick Vanderhook received Big West Conference postseason awards as the league's Pitcher and Coach of the Year on Wednesday, while relief pitcher Blake Workman and second baseman Hank LoForte joined Eastman on the all-conference first team.
Eastman, who pitched the fifth no-hitter in program history in a 3-0 victory over UC Santa Barbara on March 29, pitched 103.2 innings and struck out 108 en route to a 2.26 ERA. Eastman (9-3) anchors a Titans pitching staff that ranks seventh in the country in strikeout-to-walk ratio (3.04) and fifth in walks allowed per nine innings (2.69).  They are the 14th Titan to earn Big West Pitcher of the Year honors.
Vanderhook earned their fifth Big West Coach of the Year honor after guiding the Titans to their 22nd league title with an 18-6 mark. After dropping their opening series to UCSB, the Titans won their final seven league series to wrap up the crown before the season's final week. Fullerton will make its 27th straight NCAA appearance when it opens play in the NCAA Stanford Regional on Friday. The fifth COY award ties Vanderhook with George Horton for the most in program history.
Workman went 1-1 with three saves and a 2.81 ERA during 15 appearances in conference play. They had 35 strikeouts and eight walks in 25-2/3 innings. LoForte batted nearly .400 during conference play, scored 21 runs and had 20 RBIs and was constantly in the middle of key rallies.
Cal Poly's Alex McKenna was named Big West Field Player of the Year and teammate Nick Meyer (Santa Margarita High) earned Defensive Player of the Year. UC Riverside's Cole Percival was named Freshman Pitcher of the Year while UC Davis' Tanner Murray was named Freshman Player of the Year.
Fullerton, UC Irvine and Hawai'i paced the league with three first-team selections apiece.
Five other Titans received all-conference recognition as Jacob Pavletich, Tommy Wilson and Ruben Cardenas earned second-team honors, while Mitchell Berryhill and Daniel Cope were given honorable mention nods.
Nine UCI players earned all-conference honors, led by first-team selections Andre Pallante, Ryan Fitzpatrick and Parker Coss.
Pallante, named one of five finalists for the National College Baseball Hall of Fame's National Pitcher of the Year award, was the only pitcher in the Big West to win 10 games, going 6-1 in conference play and leading the league with a 1.60 ERA. Their 115 strikeouts ranked No. 2 among conference pitchers.
Fitzpatrick, a first baseman, led UCI and the Big West in on-base percentage (.436) while pacing the Anteaters with 44 RBIs and a .526 slugging percentage. They hit .307 with 59 hits and 14 doubles and shared the team lead with eight home runs.
Coss' .276 average was second among Big West third basemen, and they were arguably the conference's best defender at the hot corner.
UCI's Cole Kreuter and Konnor Zickefoose earned second-team honors, while Matt Reitano, Jordan Bocko, Christian Koss and Brendan Brooks received honorable mention nods.
Two-way standout Clayton Andrews was Long Beach State's lone first-team selection, earning the nod as a starting pitcher. The five-time Big West Pitcher of the Week led the conference with a 1.11 ERA during conference play, finishing with a mark of 1.99 overall. Their 118 strikeouts led the conference, and their 11.21 strikeouts per nine innings during conference games was easily the highest among starters. Andrews allowed 78 hits and 17 walks in 99.2 innings pitched, giving them a conference-best WHIP of .950.
Andrews also hit .302 with a team-leading five triples. They were second on the team in RBIs (26), walks (25), and stolen bases (13) and struck out just six times in 215 at-bats, making them the toughest batter in the country to strike out. Andrews was also the first player in Big West history to win Pitcher of the Week and Player of the Week during the same season.
Three Long Beach players earned second-team recognition: second baseman Jarren Duran (Cypress High), junior closer Chris Rivera and starting pitcher Zak Baayoun (Woodbridge High). LBSU had no honorable mention picks.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture.
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa, Ont., where they attempted to arrest the driver.
It's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers, and even a bit one of them.
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect, they fled into an apartment building and police pursued them into one of the units.
By Amanda Wicks
John Legend and Chrissy Teigen know how to celebrate Valentine's Day, and to help spread the love they feel for one another they shot a sweet–and at times steamy–video together.
Related: GRAMMY Photo Recap: Behind the Scenes with Music's Biggest Artists
British fashion photographer Rankin shot the two for a love-centric video that shows Teigen lip-syncing to Legend's 2004 single “Ordinary People” during a photo shoot for The Love Magazine. The lyrics reflect their relationship, which has passed the infatuation stage and gotten down to something far deeper.
Dressed in lots of pinks and reds, and wearing heart-shaped glasses, Teigen embodies the spirit of Valentine's Day, but it's their cute interactions with their husband that will have fans going “Aww.” The video is the quintessential Valentine's Day moment for a pair of lovebirds still “right in the thick of love.”
WWE Network
The Attitude Era was arguably the biggest boom period for pro wrestling in history, and still one of the most beloved and talked (and written) about. Overlapping almost entirely with the Monday Night Wars, WWE eventually pulled ahead of WCW and their game-changing nWo stable and storyline on the strength of characters like “Stone Cold” Steve Austin, The Rock, and their preeminent stable, D-Generation X.
But only one man is the connective tissue between both nWo and D-Generation X. Sean Waltman, perhaps best known as X-Pac, was the sixth member of the original nWo, and became one of the cornerstones of D-Generation X when they returned to WWE. The lineup of Triple H, X-Pac, Chyna, and the New Age Outlaws of Road Dogg and Billy Gunn is viewed by most to be the definitive core of DX, even if it wasn't necessarily the original lineup.
August 11 marked the 20th anniversary of the official formation of D-Generation X. Shawn Michaels, Triple H and Chyna came together on a cohesive unit on the August 11, 1997 episode of Raw is War, and middle school children haven't stopped crotch chopping or telling one another to suck it since.
Waltman sat down with us on the 20th anniversary of D-Generation X to talk about memories, legacies, and a whole lot more.
Found it! I've been searching for the perfect torta for years.
I'm never really looking for one particular provenance of sandwich over another — but I have been looking for that one Mexican sandwich that would prompt me to crave it again the very next day, and the next, and the next.
I found it across the street from the DMV in Costa Mesa. It's entirely possible that anything would taste good after spending an hour at the Department of Motor Vehicles getting one's driver's license renewed, but I genuinely do not think my senses were tainted by that.
Gloria's Mexican Food is wildly popular, mostly with guys who drive landscaping trucks, but also the occasional men in suits with mustaches who look suspiciously like FBI. It's an absurdly tiny restaurant and bakery in a worn-out strip mall on a gritty stretch of 19th Street. Gloria's has only two tables, with merely three or four plastic chairs total, all of which are on the sidewalk outside. Most people drive by without noticing. And most customers don't linger.
Inside the restaurant there's barely enough room for a couple of portable racks where baked goods are cooling after being pulled from the oven, a constant process throughout the day. The buns they bake for their tortas are pillowy and lightly dusted in flour. I ordered my torta stuffed with carnitas, which was outstanding, plus grilled jalapeños and refried beans. It wasn't until after I ate the carnitas that I noticed the rotisserie loaded with beautifully charred pork al pastor. I wouldn't be surprised if that ends up being the best thing I eat tomorrow. Stay tuned.
Gloria's Mexican Food
Where: 731 W. 19th St., Costa Mesa
When: Breakfast, lunch and dinner daily
Cost: $7.50
Phone: 949-646-9420
Online: gloriasmexicanfood.com
April 7
Beth Shelton Gant, 49, of Lebanon, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine.
Brooke Elaine Kline, 23, of Lebanon, was charged with assault.
Steven Allen Purkerson, 37, of Watertown, was charged with public drunkenness.
Jess Hansen Sandberg, 39, of Lebanon, was charged with domestic assault.
James Edward Walden, 33, of Hartsville, was charged with criminal impersonation.
Pamela Clarie Zanardi, 23, of Nashville, was charged with theft of merchandise worth more than $1,000 and theft of merchandise worth less than $1,000.
April 8
Auston Michael Boyer, 25, of Lebanon, was charged with theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
David Michael Brewster, 43, of Hartsville, was charged with violation of probation.
Rantavius Jamal Cowan, 29, of Nashville, was charged with violation of probation.
Jordan Leeray Duke, 22, of Carthage, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine, two counts of simple drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Beth Ann Fry, 34, of Winfield, was charged with violating protection order.
Lazerus Sam Hibbett, 24, of Cross Plains, was charged with vandalism.
Ashley Michelle McKinnon, 30, of Manchester, was charged with resisting arrest and simple drug possession.
Dakota Shane O'Daniel, 20, of Madison, was charged with theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
Olivia Taylor Sircy, 22, of Carthage, was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine, two counts of simple drug possession, vandalism and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Edwin Lee Steakley, 38, of Hartsville, was charged with theft of property worth between $10,000 and $60,000.
Antwan Devon Stokes, 41, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violating conditional release.
Brooks Harrison Thomas, 35, of Lebanon, was charged with two counts of simple drug possession, manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine and two counts of possession of drug paraphernalia.
– Staff Reports
The United Way of Prince Edward County doled out $15,000 on Wednesday, June 20 – bringing to $50,000 its yearly allocation to its 20 partners. The $50,000 allocation for the fiscal year was the most in the 10 years of the group's records that United Way President Rucker Snead reviewed. The previous high was $47,000 in the 2015-2016 fiscal year, Snead said. The United Way doled out $35,000 during its first distribution of funds in January. The June luncheon and allocations were the highlight of a good year for the United Way. Months ago, the group announced it had met its fundraising-goal of $55,000. Members of the United Way's Board of Directors and representatives of their partner organizations posed for pictures. Left to right are: Rucker Snead, United Way Board Member; Leah Mullins, Heartland Horse Heroes; Lonnie Calhoun, United Way Board member; Cathy Duker, Riding Star 4-H; Cheryl Gibson, Meals on Wheels; Gwendolyn Akers Booker, Centra Southside Hospital; Bernetta Watkins, Jolly Glee Senior Citizens Club; Teresa Stewart, Camp Loud and Clear; Eric Eberly, Boy Scouts of America; Stephanie Carwile, SPCA; Justine Young, Piedmont Senior Resources; Pam Fortune, Virginia Legal Aid; Jennifer Kinne, United Way Board member; Karen Cardwell, Pregnancy Support Center of Southside Virginia; Sam Rabon, Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity; Stephen Blewett, Farmville YMCA; Amy Beatson, STEPS; Tiffany Dempsey, Farmville Area Girl Scouts; Jamie C. Ruff, United Way Board member; Frank Lacey, Meals on Wheels.
SANTA ANITA LEADERS
Through Thursday
JOCKEYS / WINS
Evin Roman / 40
Flavien Prat / 36
Kent Desormeaux / 31
Drayden Van Dyke / 28
Two tied / 26
TRAINERS / WINS
Bob Baffert / 25
Peter Miller / 25
Richard Baltas / 20
Jerry Hollendorfer / 17
Doug O'Neill / 15
STAKES SCHEDULE
SANTA ANITA
Saturday
• $400,000 Grade I Santa Margarita Stakes, fillies and mares, 4-year-olds and up, 1 1/8 miles
• $200,000 Pasadena Stakes, 3-year-olds, 1 mile (turf)
• $100,000 Irish O'Brien Stakes, fillies and mares, 4-year-olds and up bred in CA, 6 1/2 furlongs (turf)
Sunday
• $200,000 Grade II Santa Ana Stakes, fillies and mares, 4-year-olds and up, 1 1/8 miles (turf)
DOWN THE STRETCH
• Veteran 84-year-old trainer Bruce Headley is in Arcadia Methodist Hospital after suffering a brain bleed and is expected to make a full recovery, according to their daughter, trainer Karen Headley. “He wasn't feeling well last Thursday night,” Karen told Santa Anita publicity. “I went over and checked on them at home, but other than a headache they seemed fine. When I went back to see them Friday morning, it was obvious there was something wrong.” Karen said their father was being moved to rehab Thursday and could be home in 10 days to two weeks.
• Solomini, third in this newspaper's latest Kentucky Derby rankings, is scheduled to make their 3-year-old debut Saturday in the $900,000 Grade II Rebel Stakes at Oaklawn Park. The 3-2 morning-line favorite is part of an 11-horse field for the 1 1/16-mile prelude to the Arkansas Derby on April 14. The race also attracted the D. Wayne Lukas-trained Sporting Chance, who won the Grade I Hopeful Stakes as a 2-year-old, and three-time stakes runner-up Combatant from the Steve Asmussen barn.
• Mike Smith has been named to ride Forever Unbridled in the $10 million Dubai World Cup on March 31. “He's obviously a great rider and they won the race last year,” trainer Dallas Stewart said. “Last fall they told me they would love to ride their sometime and obviously (previous jockey) Johnny (Velazquez) had a prior commitment (Audible in the Florida Derby).” Said Smith, who finished second behind Forever Unbridled aboard Songbird (Personal Ensign) and Abel Tasman (Breeders' Cup Distaff) last year: “If you can't beat them, join them.”
– Art Wilson
By Abby Hassler
Post Malone showed their love for their fans—and Popeye's biscuits—this past weekend at Coachella by ordering $8,000 worth of food from the fast-food chain at their platinum party for their Stoney album, according to TMZ.
Related: Post Malone Announces Headlining Tour Dates
The rapper ordered 10,000 Popeyes biscuits and used Postmates to deliver the food. In the video, the delivery guy's car looks to be completely packed with Popeyes boxes.
Think he'd be willing to share?
NEW YORK (AP) — The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation's immigration system, with President Donald Trump repeating their refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions.
What you should know:
___
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Originally from Bangladesh, they arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn. The Department of Homeland Security says he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
___
HOW They GOT HERE:
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, issued to them through their family connection to an American citizen. The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses, children, parents, siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S. The visas fall under different preferences, or categories; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference, the F4, and their children come under F43s.
___
WHAT'S THE HISTORY?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system, America's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens. What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens, they applied for their family members to join them. Once naturalized, those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives.
___
WHAT'S THE CONCERN?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration. It's an issue that's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before. U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, of Arkansas, and U.S. Sen. David Perdue, of Georgia, both Republicans, have most recently proposed the RAISE Act, which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children. Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants.
___
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of their presidency, in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S., calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in.
After Monday morning's subway explosion, which seriously injured Ullah but no one else, Trump issued a statement saying, "America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security."
Trump, a Republican, has voiced their support of the RAISE Act.
___
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow them on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of their work, search for their name at https://apnews.com
Two-ODI old Aiden Markram has been named Africa's stand-in captain for the remainder of ODI series and upcoming T20 series. Du Plessis will be captaining the side in the absence of regular skipper faf Du Plessis who was ruled out of remaining matches because of an injury. South Africa are currently trailing in the ODI series by 1-2 having lost the first match by six wickets.
23-year-old South African batsman Aiden Markram has been announced as the stand-in captain for the remainder of ODI series and upcoming T20 series against India
Following skipper Faf Du Plessis' injury, 23-year-old South African batsman Aiden Markram has been announced as the stand-in captain for the remainder of ODI series and upcoming T20 series against India. Cricket South Africa took to Twitter on Saturday to share the news and wrote,” “Congratulations to @AidzMarkram who has been appointed as stand-in captain for the remainder of the @Momentum_za series against India. All the best ???? #SAvIND #ProteaFire.”
Earlier Proteas had suffered a massive setback when regular skipper Faf Du Plessis was ruled out of the remaining ODI and T20 series following a finger injury in the opener. Du Plessis had scored a century in the match before sustaining the injury. Earlier, explosive batsman, AB de Villiers was also ruled out of the series meaning woes have only increased for the hosts. Markram has only played two ODIs for the team but has been handed over the responsibility keeping in view Cricket South Africa's post-2019 plans.
“Part of our plan is to make sure we look at our vision 2019 and also making sure that part of our plan is to develop young leaders in view of the post-2019 plans. I think Aiden fit in,” Linda Zondi, South Africa's convener of selectors, said after the announcement.
South Africa are currently trailing in the ODI series by 1-2 having lost the first match by six wickets. Batting first after winning the toss, South Africa had scored 269 runs in their 50 overs. India chased down the target easily riding on captain Virat Kohli's brilliant century.
Posted on Mar 13, 2018 in Boardgames, Front Page Features
You are Already Dead! Sword and Sorcery Board Game Review
Immortal Souls – Sword and Sorcery Board Game Review. Publisher: Ares Games Developed by: Gremlin Project studio Designers: Simone Romano and Nunzio Surace Price: $70.99
Rick Martin
Passed Inspection: Beautiful components – great looking minis and wonderful dungeons and building tiles, exciting game play, perfect solo or group game, dynamic campaign, feels like a game run by a game master, exciting tactical battles
Failed Basic: Rules are a little overwhelming at first, too many symbols to learn, too few scenarios in the basic game
For those of us who remember the post apocalyptic Japanese animation “Hokuto no Ken” aka “Fist of the North Star” or “Ken North Star Fist”, the hero of the story would use a special attack on their enemies and then wait for them to die. They would tell them “Omae wa shindeiru” or “You are already dead” and then they would die usually in a pretty spectacular and gory way. In Ares Games' new fantasy game series “Sword and Sorcery”, you can take “You are already dead” to a whole new level as your characters actually start out dead and are brought back to life in the first scenario in order to save a kingdom from great evil. “Immortal Souls – Sword and Sorcery” is an epic start to what should be a wonderful fantasy gaming franchise.
Fantasy board games hearken back to the days of “Chainmail” and “Dungeons and Dragons” in the mid 1970s, but the key difference between those role playing games and current games like “Gloomhaven” and “Sword and Sorcery”, is that you don't need a game master to run the adventure (acting as the story teller) because the games, themselves, run your quest and control the people and monsters you meet along the way. The first games to do this were “Tunnels and Trolls” solo scenarios, “Barbarian Prince” and the sci-fi epic “Star Smuggler” back in the 1980s, but these fine games have been overshadowed by these recent game systems which focus on storytelling, combat and the ability to be played either solo or with friends all against the game system, itself.
Many will ask how does this game stand up to the legacy game “Gloomhaven”, a game which has one of the highest user scores on Board Game Geek? While “Gloomhaven” offers a complete continent to explore along with cities, dungeons, castles, etc., “Sword and Sorcery” focuses much more on adventures in one part of the city of Heavenshrine, its guild halls and under city. “Sword and Sorcery's” scope is more limited and, consequently, much more intimate. The combat is much more tactical and doesn't focus on the huge, large scale more abstract battles you get in “Gloomhaven”. With up to four characters on the hero side, the player has a much greater chance to utilize squad tactics and battle planning than in “Gloomhaven”.
“Immortal Souls – Sword and Sorcery” is the natural progression of the solo game experience originally presented in the excellent science fiction combat campaign game “Galaxy Defender” which was by the same design team, but with “Sword and Sorcery” Simone Romano and Nunzio Surace have expanded upon those systems and design elements and crafted a game with a broader scope and a more immersive gaming experience.
The box art as well as the artwork and design elements of the game are simply stunning. The box is sturdy and offers compartments for storing the various miniatures, dice, modular map boards, terrain, rule and scenario books, cards and counters.
The 56 page rule book is logically laid out and contains plenty of examples but some of the rules need a little unpacking to make them easier to absorb. The quantity of pages and rules may be somewhat intimidating for the uninitiated. Maybe providing a short scenario utilizing some “basic” rules would be the way to go to remove the “rule overload syndrome” that some may feel upon starting to learn the game? Tons of icons are used in all aspects of the game, from the stats of the heroes to the dice results. This is another “overload” area where many players will have to keep flipping through the rules to find what a symbol means. I think a master guide to the symbols would be a great addition to add to the “Sword and Sorcery” PDF library on Ares Games' website.
The good news is that after playing the first two scenarios, the game rules become almost second nature to the scenario story and the player will have to reference the rules less and less. This is the sign of a good game – the rules begin to be used for reference and game play becomes more and more intuitive.
Two other books are included. One is a book of scenarios and the other is a book of story paragraphs that add to the role playing experience. Each scenario shows an illustration of how the terrain tiles fit together to for the “dungeon”; what terrain features to add to the map boards (for example – doors, traps, treasure chests, etc.); what monsters are involved; how to create the Encounter Cards, Enemy Cards, Event Cards, etc.
I have played the first three scenarios prior to writing this review. Each one can be played in 2 to 4 hours and is perfect for a weekend afternoon play session. One wishes more scenarios were included in the “Immortal Souls” game but more expansions are coming out soon.
There are 5 heroes included but each hero also has a “darker” version you can play so you have a total of 10 heroes in the starter box. For example, the two heroes that I played are a Knight and a Cleric. Both are “good” and try to do the right thing to help but, if I chose to, I could have played the “darker” and more “chaotic” versions of these heroes. The decisions I would have made in the game such as sparing the life of a villain, would be based upon whether I was playing the “hero” or “anti-hero” version of these characters and this decision would create ripples which would affect other story elements in the game. Each hero has a beautiful plastic miniature, a hero card and a hero sheet plus you get a dial called the “soul gem” which shows how powerful your hero is. When you gain power by performing certain actions in the game, you turn the dial to the next level and your hero becomes more powerful. The hero card has important information on it such as the character's name and class, fighting styles, soul nature, powers, saving throw, how much they or they can carry and movement speed. The other side of the card has the “ghost soul form”. When the hero runs out of hit points, due to damage from combat, traps, etc., the hero doesn't just die as they or they were already dead and brought back to life to save the kingdom! The hero takes on a soul form and gains other abilities as an ethereal spirit! The hero can regain their or their mortal coil by moving towards a shrine and re-materializing! Don't think this lack of permanent death takes away from the urgentness of the game; it actually adds to it since you lose some powers if you revert to soul form!
The “soul gem” dial shows your hero's various abilities from level 1 and up. Each time the hero gains enough points to advance a level, the dial is twisted one notch and new abilities are revealed. The gem shows the hero's level, hit points, powers and talents plus the number of combat actions and non-combat actions the hero can take each turn.
To create the scenario simply go to the scenario book and set up the game board, Event Cards, Enemies, Enemy Cards, Encounter Cards and other cards. Yes – a lot of various cards are used in the game but this randomness adds so much to the story. The Event Cards have numbers on them and each scenario instructs you how to organize the Event Cards and then how to shuffle them to create a coherent narrative. The Event Cards also become a natural time limit for the scenario. When all the Event Cards are used, the scenario ends so you'd better plan your mission well. In addition, there are day and night Event Cards so the time of day can affect what happens during the scenario! Shadow Tokens are placed on the map boards to show that in those particular areas you may encounter enemies or simply innocent people rushing to and fro. For example, in one game I was trying to find a person in the market square of Heavenshrine. As I approached a Shadow Token to find out if this was the person I needed to talk to, I flipped over the token only to find out that the guy was a brigand who didn't really like my looks! My only complaint about the Shadow Tokens is that they, ironically, seem to be printed a little too dark so in limited light, it was difficult to see them.
The sequence of play is an extension of the system used in “Galaxy Defender” so if you know that game series, this shouldn't be too difficult to learn. Each turn is divided in to:
Time Phase – this is where things are reset or characters are resurrected from their Soul Ghost Form.
Combat Phase – this is where the action is! Heroes move, perform actions or fight and then the enemy goes.
Event Phase – draw and resolve Event Cards
Combat is elegantly handled and very, very tactical. Heroes and enemies can use one handed weapons, two handed weapons, missile weapons such as bows, attack with claws or hands and/or cast spells. Using the special dice included which are either blue for more defensive fighting or red for more offensive fighting, you have to roll various symbols to hit, critical hit, defend using your armor or shield, etc. If someone hits, the other party gets a chance to try and either dodge or utilize their shield or armor to avoid the hits. Critical hits include blindness, paralyses, being knocked down, etc. “Sword and Sorcery” has one of the most detailed fantasy combat systems I've ever seen in a board game. In one battle, my knight and cleric took on a major bad guy in a seedy tavern. Our enemy had a dagger in one hand and a long sword in the other. Their dagger was dipped in poison so one hit could be very bad for our heroes. This rogue kept trying to use both weapons and would whip around with the poisoned dagger when they could. They hit the knight in the head with one attack which caused their helmet to fall over their eyes and then tried a close stab near a chink in the hero's chain mail in order to poison him! Luckily my brave knight made their saves and they knocked the hero across the room hurting them badly. The rogue stopped to take a drink from a healing potion that they had but, just then, my two heroes slammed in to them and the fight was over! Sounds like a role playing game battle doesn't it? That's what this game does – it makes you feel that the adventure is being run by a game master!
Each enemy has their own beautifully sculpted miniature. Green colored minis are not too hard to defeat. Blue is a little tougher. Red minis are the bosses – pure hell to take on!
How does this game make you feel that the game run bad guys are intelligently using strategy and tactics to inconvenience our heroes? It does so through a brilliant combination of board game artificial intelligence using Enemy Cards which give general tactics to the bad guys plus Enemy Power Cards which give special abilities to the bad guys and then it uses Encounter Cards which add the element of surprise to the flow of the action! It is all of these, plus the Event Cards which bring this game to magnificent life!
If it sounds like I'm fawning over this game, you are right; I am! While I play ‘Advanced Dungeons and Dragons” (although I haven't played in many years I still have my books) plus other role playing games such as Fasa's “Doctor Who” and “Star Trek”, “Traveller” and “Call of Cthulhu”, and I am currently playing a very immersive multi-player “Gloomhaven” campaign, ‘Sword and Sorcery” has become my new “go to” game when I want to do some fantasy role playing either solo or with a few friends. The realistic tactical combat system combined with immersive, dynamic scenarios makes this game highly addictive and fun. I have more games to review but all I want to do is keep playing “Sword and Sorcery”. Ares Games may need to start a group to help with addicted players!
So go to your friendly local game store and get “Sword and Sorcery”. Then head to Heavenshrine and start your adventure! Get addicted – I dare you!
Armchair General Rating: 95 %
Solitaire Rating: 5 ( 1 = not suitable to 5 = perfect for solo)
About the Author
A college film instructor and small business owner, Richard Martin has also worked in the legal and real estate professions, is involved in video production, film criticism, sports shooting and is an avid World War I and II gamer who can remember war games which came in plastic bags and cost $2.99 (he's really that old)!
Mama Mann's mini-me! Iris Apatow was their father Judd Apatow's date to the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday.
WATCH: Chris Pratt Makes First Appearance Since Anna Faris Split at 2017 Teen Choice Awards
The 14-year-old beauty looked all grown up in a blush summer dress with a jean jacket and blush heels. They were also the spitting image of their mom, Leslie Mann, with their lengthy blonde locks and stunning features.
View photos
Getty Images
Iris has performed in their parents' comedies alongside their older sister Maude, including Knocked Up, Funny People, and This Is 40.
In those films, Iris was the cute, curly-haired younger sister, but in the years since they have blossomed. They have a recurring role on Netflix's Love, and is set to co-star in the short film Sonora with Stranger Things star Finn Wolfhard.
View photos
Getty Images
MORE: EXCLUSIVE: Candace Cameron Bure Reveals 'Fuller House' Will Do Something It's 'Never Done' in Season 3
She's also built up their own social media presence with more than 70,000 Instagram followers.
"MOM it's not a phase," they captioned their most recent set of selfies.
For more from the Teen Choice Awards, watch ET's exclusive coverage below!
Related Articles
Lu Kang, China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson, told reporters on Monday that they were unaware of the plan for the refugee camps, but they did not deny their existence.
“I haven't seen such reports,” Mr. Lu said.
Changbai County officials did not answer telephone calls on Monday, and an executive at China Mobile in Changbai declined to discuss the matter.
The China Mobile document said that a manager of the company inspected five sites on Dec. 2 at the request of the Changbai County government.
The company was asked to ensure there was viable internet service in the areas that would be used for the camps. “Because the situation on the China-North Korea border has intensified lately, Changbai County government plans to set up five refugee sites in Changbai,” China Mobile said in the document.
The areas designated for the refugee camps were on state-owned land, and temporary housing had already been constructed at several sites, according to a local business person who requested anonymity for fear of angering the local government.
Three county villages were named in the document as locations for the camps. The cities of Tumen and Hunchun will also house refugees, according to the business person.
Tumen and Hunchun have for 20 years received defectors, who have managed to escape from North Korea into China. Many of those defectors travel on to Southeast Asia and eventually to South Korea.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Jilin Province is about 60 miles from Punggye-ri, the main North Korean nuclear test site. Fears of a nuclear war, or disaster, just miles away have set residents of the province on edge.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Last week, the Jilin Daily, a provincial newspaper, advised residents on how to react in case of a nuclear explosion or radioactive fallout.
The advice included washing off radioactive dust from exposed body parts and shoes, and taking iodine tablets. The article noted that when the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, Japan, in 1945, more than 70,000 people were killed. Modern weapons are many times more powerful.
China has refrained from imposing overly punitive sanctions on North Korea for fear of causing a collapse that would result in refugees flooding the economically vulnerable northeast. So far, China has resisted calls to cut off oil to North Korea, a move that would result in severe deprivation resulting in many people crossing the border.
Although China does not appear to have changed its basic position on maintaining stability, the increasingly hostile talk in Washington appears to be spurring contingency preparations.
Zheng Zeguang, the vice minister of foreign affairs, rushed to Washington last week to discuss what Chinese officials call the “black hole of confrontation” between the United States and North Korea.
As a result of the rising tensions, one of China's most prominent experts on North Korea, called building the camps “absolutely reasonable.”
“It is highly possible that there is a conflict between North Korea and the United States now,” said Zhang Liangui, a professor of international strategic research at the Communist Party's Central Party School. “What China does here is to be prepared for any kind of situation happening on the Korean Peninsula.”
In another sign of increased tensions, South Korea said on Monday that it would join the United States and Japan for a drill to practice tracking missiles launched from North Korean submarines.
Last month, North Korea tested an intercontinental ballistic missile that flew higher and longer than its previous tests. The North said that the missile could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the continental United States.
TORONTO — A number of laws passed by Ontario's previous Liberal government have been put on hold by the newly elected Progressive Conservative regime, including measures to tighten rules around vaping and to cap resale values for sports and concert tickets.
A spokesperson for the Progressive Conservatives said Wednesday the new government, which was sworn on Friday, wants more time to consult and examine the laws before they come into effect.
Simon Jefferies said the government will delay the implementation of new rules around vaping, which would have regulated the activity in much the same way as smoking.
"The government will work with the public, experts, and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians' health and safety," they said in a statement.
Halting the new regulations will not change the current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act, they said.
Maria Papaioannoy-Duic, spokesperson for the Vapor Advocates of Ontario, lauded Premier Doug Ford and new Health Minister Christine Elliott for the move.
Vaping advocates have argued that the activity is safer than smoking and moves people from the toxic chemicals found in tobacco to an alternative, which can help them break their habit.
"We're excited that the government ... (has) recognized our efforts and have paused the implementation of these regulations," they said in a statement. "We have the utmost confidence that they are going to look at the regulations based on science and not guesswork."
The government also confirmed Wednesday it has delayed a law which would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value will not immediately move ahead.
"The previous government attempted to institute a cap on ticket resales with no way to enforce that cap, resulting in less consumer protection," Jefferies said. "We have paused the implementation of this section until we can review this provision in full to make sure it is in the best interest of Ontarians."
SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--AWE 2018 Booth #525– Toshiba's Client Solutions Division (CSD), a division of Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc., today announced a strategic relationship with Ubimax as well as the full integration of the Ubimax Frontline application suite on Toshiba's dynaEdge TM AR Smart Glasses. Toshiba plans to demonstrate the Ubimax Frontline applications on its AR smart glasses during AWE 2018 this week in Santa Clara, Calif.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006108/en/
Toshiba announces a strategic relationship with Ubimax for the full integration of the Ubimax Frontline application suite on Toshiba's dynaEdge AR Smart Glasses. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We are excited to work with Ubimax and its industry-leading expertise in wearable computing and augmented reality which will benefit our customers and increase the mainstream adoption of the category,” said Carl Pinto, vice president, marketing and engineering, Client Solutions Division, Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc. “The combination of our dynaEdge AR Smart Glasses and the Ubimax Frontline applications create an AR solution capable of improving productivity for the logistics, manufacturing and maintenance sectors.”
The two organizations collaborated to ensure their solutions functioned and integrated seamlessly into an enterprise's existing Windows-based work environment. The Ubimax applications are the company's first applications to be ported over to a Microsoft Windows environment.
“We are delighted to be chosen as a global strategic partner for Toshiba,” said Percy Stocker, President, Ubimax, Inc. “We strongly believe in the combination of Toshiba's longstanding technical and B2B customer support expertise and our own market leading wearable computing solution experience to jointly increase acceptance and focus on the uptake of wearables in the industry.”
Toshiba's dynaEdge AR Smart Glasses is the company's first completely wearable AR solution to combine the power of a Windows 10 Pro PC with the performance-based feature set of industrial-grade smart glasses. Toshiba's new AR solution includes the dynaEdge DE-100 Mobile Mini PC, dynaEdge AR100 Head Mounted Display (HMD), Lens-Less Frame, USB-C™ Cable with Cable Clip and carrying case. Toshiba AR solution has a starting price point of $1,899.99.
Toshiba developed its dynaEdge AR Smart Glasses solutions to meet the performance demands of enterprise workplaces through the adoption of 6 th Generation Intel® Core™ M Processors, Intel® HD Graphics and Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 8260 802.11ac Wi-Fi®. These technologies allow enterprises to integrate the Toshiba AR solution into their existing infrastructure.
Designed for enterprise customers, Toshiba's new AR solution provides Document Viewing, Live Video Calls, See-What-I-See, Photo/Video Capture, Alerts/Messaging, making it ideal for a variety of uses cases, including Maintenance, Remote Expert, Manufacturing, QA Inspection & Audit, Logistics, Training and Knowledge Transfer.
Toshiba also recently announced the availability of its Developer's Kits for customers or application developers looking to design specialized software for the smart glasses. Toshiba will offer Developer's Kits with two different configurations – Basic and Performance to best meet a variety of industrial applications with pricing starting at $2,399.99. Customers interested in purchasing the dynaEdge AR Smart Glasses or Developer's Kits should contact their Toshiba sales representative or email the company at smartglasses@toshiba.com.
About Ubimax
Ubimax is the global market leader for industrial Wearable Computing and Augmented Reality solutions, creating full, end to end, integrated solutions that incorporate the latest Wearable Computing technologies to improve business operations. Ubimax Frontline solutions have received numerous awards, including: Auggie Award for “Best Enterprise Solution”, MHI Innovation Award for “Best IT Innovation”, and winner of the SAP & Google Glass Challenge. Ubimax has been recognized as the leader in Enterprise Wearables and Augmented Reality Solutions by ABI Research.
With offices in the U.S., Mexico and Germany, Ubimax today serves more than 200 customers globally. Leveraging over 10 years of experience as well as an extensive track-record in the fields of Wearable Computing, Augmented Reality, Mixed Reality and Sensor Systems, Ubimax's technological innovations continue to be at the very forefront of Wearable Computing solutions.
www.ubimax.com
About Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc. (TAIS)
Headquartered in Irvine, Calif., TAIS is comprised of three business units: Client Solutions Division, Imaging Systems Division and Industrial Solutions & Services Division. Together, these divisions provide digital products as well as services and solutions, including award-winning mobile computing devices, security solutions and cloud services; imaging products for the security, medical and manufacturing markets; and IoT solutions development, data analytics and IT services. TAIS provides sales, marketing and services for its wide range of products in the United States and Latin America. TAIS is an independent operating company owned by Toshiba America, Inc., a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation. For more information on TAIS visit us.toshiba.com.
About Toshiba Corporation
For over 140 years, Toshiba Corporation has contributed to a sustainable future by applying innovative technologies to value creation. Today, our business domains are centered on the essential infrastructure that supports modern life and society. Guided by the principles of The Basic Commitment of the Toshiba Group, “Committed to People, Committed to the Future”, Toshiba promotes global operations that contribute to realization of a world where generations to come can live better lives. To find out more about Toshiba, visit www.toshiba.co.jp/worldwide/about/index.html.
© 2018 Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc. dynaEdge is a trademark of Toshiba Client Solutions, Co. Ltd. Intel, Intel Core, Intel vPro and Pentium are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Windows is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. While Toshiba has made every effort at the time of publication to ensure the accuracy of the information provided herein, product specifications, configurations, prices, system/component/options availability are all subject to change without notice. Some features and specifications may be limited to certain models only. Some features may require certain software and/or service activation. *For the complete Toshiba Memory (Main System) and Toshiba Storage Drive Capacity legal disclaimer visit us.toshiba.com/info.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006108/en/
CONTACT: Media Contact:
Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc.
Eric Paulsen, 949-583-3541
eric.paulsen@toshiba.com
or
Media Assets:
Photos, Spec Sheets and Videos
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO TRANSPORT MOBILE/WIRELESS MANUFACTURING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:31 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:31 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006108/en
Search
George Soros says…
“The European Union is in an existential crisis. Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong. “
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that their office has reached a deal to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering. A day earlier, Greitens announced that they would step down from office effective Friday, citing "legal harassment."
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
"Contrary to Mr. Grietens' past statements, there was no witch hunt, no plans to bring pain to them or their family. Quite the contrary, the consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered they brought upon themselves by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power," Gardner said. "Many of Mr. Greitens' former colleagues and friends cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do."
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL officer, suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations, even as the Legislature considered impeachment. Then they announced that they would quit.
"The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most," said Greitens, their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears. "So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high."
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Greitens' resignation also allows them to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they wouldn't give up.
"No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri," Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Greitens, a married father of two young sons, is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo. That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee.
In April, the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained, slapped, shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid. Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a "political witch hunt." They vowed to stay in office.
But Greitens' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley - who is running for McCaskill's seat - referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for "Politics in Focus," a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: https://bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From News Release: The Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) is advising drivers to expect possible icy and slick road conditions on Sunday, February 4, due to a wintry mix of snow, freezing rain, sleet and rain that is anticipated to pass through southwestern Virginia starting before sunrise and continuing into the day.
Drivers are encouraged to monitor weather forecasts and plan travel around the winter storm and consider postponing trips until road conditions improve.
VDOT started pretreating interstate and primary roads throughout the region on Friday and will continue on Saturday as temperatures allow in preparation for an event that is expected to start out as snow or freezing rain and transition to rain.
Travelers can get real-time information on road conditions, traffic incidents and congestion on Virginia roads by using VDOT's 511 free mobile app or the www.511Virginia.org website and phone system, which can help travelers plan their routes accordingly.
The Salem District includes the counties of Bedford, Botetourt, Carroll, Craig, Floyd, Franklin, Giles, Henry, Montgomery, Patrick, Pulaski, and Roanoke.
Supreme Court Justice Menachem Mazuz said Wednesday that a ban on protests near the home of the attorney general rested on a misinterpretation by the Israel Police of a ruling by the court from April.
The position of the police, which was supported by Deputy Attorney General Raz Nizri, was that even a protest hundreds of meters from Avichai Mendelblit's home in Petah Tikva was illegal, and that any demonstrations had to take place outside their offices in Tel Aviv or Jerusalem.
The Association for Civil Rights in Israel argued that the police interpretation was excessive and unconstitutional, and that the police had no authority to ban protests that were not directly in front of Mendelblit's home.
The weekly gatherings began a few months ago to protest Mendelblit's alleged leniency and foot-dragging in handling the corruption investigations against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The decision by the Central District Police commander to ban demonstrations throughout Petah Tikva followed a High Court ruling on April 27 that demonstrators can be kept up to 120 meters away from Mendelblit's home. A month later, there was a small demonstration at Gordon Square, a commercial area hundreds of meters from the house. Police dispersed it aggressively, arrested dozens of participants and broke the arm of former prime minister's residence caretaker Meny Naftali, who was among those arrested.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Two days later, police arrested a single demonstrator who stood at Gordon Square holding a sign with quotes from the Book of Isaiah. The protestor, Yair Sadaka, appealed to the High Court against the police restrictions of their vigil, which did not require a permit.
Last week Sadaka asked the High Court of Justice to declare the state in contempt of its April 27 ruling. Justices Mazuz, Yoram Danziger and Uzi Vogelman agreed to hear the petition.
The police, while insisting that last weekend's protest was illegal, did not disperse it or make arrests.
“I think you are misinterpreting the ruling,” Mazuz said Wednesday. “The interpretation of the ruling such that demonstrations are permitted only on Salah al-Din [the street on which Mendelblit's Jerusalem bureau is located] is baseless. This hearing was convened out of a sense that you are misinterpreting the ruling.”
Prosecutors, representing the police, agreed to let Sadaka hold a two-person vigil 70 meters from Mendelblit's home, while a protest vigil of five people must be 120 meters from the home. Prosecutors were expected to say Thursday whether this arrangement can apply to demonstrations, and not just to quiet protest vigils.
Hey, vacation time is coming, and you're probably planning to take a short rest from current events, too. Perfectly natural — I've noticed you've begun to twitch every time you hear the word “Spygate.”
But you're not gone yet. So let's see how well you've been keeping up over the past few months.
Waymo vs. Uber: Damning Report Made Public
A report that Alphabet wants to use in its lawsuit against Uber was made public today. The document in question details the assets and liabilities of a startup Uber acquired in August 2016 that has become a central part of Alphabet's claims that Uber stole proprietary information.
Uber commissioned the due diligence report when it was in the process of acquiring Otto, a self-driving trucking startup founded by Anthony Levandowki, a former Alphabet executive who was accused of stealing trade secrets.
Alphabet, which is suing Uber for allegedly misappropriating self-driving trade secrets, claims that the document provided a "mountain" of new evidence that it needed more time to pursue, which is why Alphabet had asked to delay the trial. The judge, William Alsup, is expected to determine tomorrow whether to grant the company more time.
"Even beyond the trade secrets Waymo listed at the outset of this case, the new evidence indicates that there is other proprietary information, contained in the new documents, that made its way to Defendants," Alphabet wrote in a new filing. "The investigation of this material has only just begun, and Waymo is entitled to the time and full discovery necessary to confirm exactly what proprietary information Defendants gained from Levandowski and Ottomotto."
The ride-hail company and its former self-driving head, Anthony Levandowski, fought the production of this document, claiming that it was privileged information. However, the judge quashed that argument, and ruled that Uber had to provide the document to Alphabet. This decision was appealed by Levandowski, but Alsup's decision was ultimately upheld, and a judge decided that Alphabet would receive the document on Sept. 13.
Based on interviews with Levandowski, the cybersecurity firm that conducted the investigation Stroz Friedberg found that Levandowski: "(a) possessed Google information; (b) met with a number of Google employees about joining their start-up company; (c) met with Uber executives, while employed at Google, about forming a new company; and (d) destroyed highly confidential Google proprietary information they had stored on five disks on their personal Drobo 50, including source code, files, and software pertaining to self-driving cars."
According to the document, Stroz found 50,000 work emails from their time at Google on Levandowski's personal computer. Stroz also found texts between Levandowski and former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick about recruitment efforts and working with Uber's self-driving arm dating back to as early as February and March 2016 - just weeks after Levandowski left Alphabet and launched Otto out of stealth.
The report further details pictures that were found on Levandowski's phones which included "pictures of the construction process of Google , such as components/connections and parts" as well as "drawings and diagrams, such as figures depicting radar technology."
Stroz also found a number of confidential images on Otto co-founder Lior Ron's phone. Neither Ron nor Levandowski are name din Alphabet's lawsuit. Levandowski has also asserted their fifth amendment rights.
The crux of Alphabet's lawsuit against Uber rests on a claim that Levandowski stole the design for a key sensor technology called lidar before they left the company to start Otto.
But Uber contends Kalanick said they insisted that Levandowski destroy any Google files they had in their possession before joining Uber and that this report is further evidence that none of the files made it to the ride-hail company.
"Before Uber acquired Otto, we hired an independent forensics firm to conduct due diligence because we wanted to prevent any Google IP from coming to Uber," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. "Their report, which we are pleased is finally public, helps explain why-even after 60 hours of inspection of our facilities, source code, documents and computers-no Google material has been found at Uber."
In addition to assessing the assets of Levandowski's startup Otto, the due diligence report looked into any liabilities Uber was taking on, specifically referencing "pre-signing bad acts." Levandowski and their co-founder, Lior Ron, would not agree to sell their company to Uber unless they were protected against any potential future lawsuits, including those that occurred as a result of any "pre-signing bad acts."
© 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: OTTO.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced their resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with their St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Grietens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after their attorneys suggested they would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokesperson for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They didn't elaborate.
Martin says they expect a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says they think "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says they made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. They say there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if they were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to their status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said they reject their "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that they were resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt's president has given a thinly veiled but stern warning to opposition politicians calling for a boycott of presidential elections in March, saying they would die first before allowing anyone to mess with the country's security.
A clearly furious Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, a general-turned-president, spoke Wednesday a day after a coalition of opposition parties and public figures called for a boycott of the March 26-28 vote, which they described as a farce.
El-Sissi is virtually certain of winning a second four-year term in office.
Without directly mentioning the boycott call or the March vote, el-Sissi said they would take "measures" against anyone who disrupts Egypt's stability.
They say: "You seem not to know me well enough, but by God, the price of Egypt's security is my life and the life of the army."
Photo
To the Editor:
Re “How to Make A.I. Human-Friendly” (Op-Ed, March 8):
Fei-fei Li urges that “human centered” artificial intelligence “must be guided by human concerns.”
As long as the unholy alliance of tech and business is in charge, without labor at the table, profit will be the only concern.
MICHAEL SOBEL, BROOKLYN
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — An Indiana Department of Correction spokesperson says a man convicted in connection with a deadly Indianapolis house explosion has been found dead.
Department spokesperson Doug Harrison says 48-year-old Mark Leonard was found dead Tuesday morning at the Wabash Valley Correction Facility in southwestern Indiana. Garrison says the cause of death wasn't immediately known.
Leonard was convicted in 2015 of murder, arson and conspiracy to commit insurance fraud in the November 2012 natural gas explosion that destroyed their then-girlfriend's home and killed two next-door neighbors. That blast damaged or destroyed more than 80 homes on Indianapolis' south side.
Leonard received two life sentences without parole, plus 75 years.
Leonard also was sentenced to an additional 50 years in February 2017 for trying to have a witness killed.
MILWAUKEE – Eighteen last shots for the 18 assists dished out by the Milwaukee Bucks in their 92-90 win over the New York Knicks on Friday night.
1. Forward Jabari Parker returned to game action for the first time since they tore their left ACL on February 8, 2017. Parker was restricted to roughly 15 minutes on the floor by the team.
Advertisement
2. Parker was happy with their performance, and they should have been. They were aggressive from the start. Parker finished with 12 points on the night, which was second to only Giannis Antetokounmpo's 29 on the team.
3. “It felt great,” Parker said. “Honestly, training myself to think about [his first game] is just getting better. It's not going to take just one game [or] a few games. It's a whole process.
4. “I was just trying to stay composed and not trying to get carried away. Honestly, [I was] pretty much distracted because I heard the crowd. I had to calm down and teach myself, ‘You've still got to play. You've still got to play. Show the people what I've been working so hard on.'”
5. Parker checked in with 5:25 left in the first quarter. It did take them two tries to get into the game, however. Parker was at the scorer's table while New York's Tim Hardaway Jr. was fouled on a 3-pointer. Parker then attempted to come on the floor following the first free throw attempt. They were then ushered back to the scorers' table until after Hardaway Jr. shot their second of three.
6. Then, the crowd officially welcomed Parker back to basketball.
7. “I'm proud of him,” forward Khris Middleton said. “It's tough to go through what they went through twice, then come back and play like nothing has ever happened. It's great. I know there was a lot going through their mind, but they did a great job of going out there and playing basketball.”
8. Parker played in each of the first three quarters before coming close to their restriction. At the start of the fourth quarter they had already played 14:48.
9. Down the stretch Milwaukee relied on Antetokounmpo, as the usually do. They had 16 of their 29 points in the second half, with 10 of those coming in the fourth quarter. Antetokounmpo scored their final points with 1.9 seconds remaining in the game to lift the Bucks to victory.
10. The final play was made possible as the result of a few stops by the Bucks on the defensive end. They forced Knicks center Enes Kanter into a missed shot in the lane with 24.5 remaining. Antetokounmpo rebounded the miss before advancing the ball, draining the clock, and getting to the rim.
11. The Knicks forced a 30-foot 3-point attempt by Hardaway Jr. that fell short as time expired. In total, the Knicks shot 5-25 on 3-pointers. That includes a 0-of-9 mark from Hardaway Jr. They finished with six points.
12. New York was led by both Kanter and All-Star Kristaps Porzingis. They each had 17 points on the night. Porzingis did so on 6-of-15 from the floor. Kanter was a much more efficient 8-13, and added in a game-high 18 rebounds as well.
13. While the game was close and certainly exciting down the stretch, saying it was well played would be a stretch. The Bucks were forced to overcome a number of things in order to earn the victory. They definitely deserve the credit for doing so, but it wasn't the best performance Milwaukee has had to date.
14. The Bucks will need to overcome the absence of guard Malcolm Brogdon for the next 6-to-8 weeks. Brogdon suffered a left quadriceps tendon injury in the team's loss in Minnesota on Thursday night.
15. The subsequent MRI revealed that they have a partially torn tendon. As things stand now, the 6-to-8-week timetable would bring the guard back to the court in late March. That leaves two weeks for the team to try and reincorporate them before the playoffs begin.
16. Brogdon's injury certainly hurts the depth at the guard position moving forward, and on Friday night Eric Bledsoe's foul trouble was a cause for concern as well. Bledsoe missed Thursday's game with an ankle injury but played on Friday. Bledsoe played 20:31 before fouling out. They finished with seven points, three assists, and a rebound. Certainly a night for them to forget.
17. This meant guard Matthew Dellavedova saw over 27 minutes on the floor for the Milwaukee. They finished with four points on 1-of-5 shooting. The team will obviously be able to count on Bledsoe more nights than not, but Dellavedova certainly didn't play their best game filling in.
18. The Bucks return to action on Sunday morning at 11AM (CT) on the road against the Brooklyn Nets to start a four-game road trip. That trip will hit both Brooklyn and the Knicks before heading south and taking on the Miami Heat and Orlando Magic.
Related
Comments
comments
Daryl Horgan admits their time on the fringes of the Preston squad has been frustrating but hopes Saturday's goal against Burton was a timely reminder of what they offer.
Daryl Horgan admits their time on the fringes of the Preston squad has been frustrating but hopes Saturday's goal against Burton was a timely reminder of what they offer.
The winger came off the bench for the eighth time this season to score in North End's 2-1 win over the Brewers.
Horgan's only start came in the League Cup defeat against Accrington in August.
Otherwise it has been bench duty for the Irishman, who has been named as a sub in 19 games this term.
“I make now bones about it, it has been a frustrating time because obviously everyone wants to play football,” said Horgan.
“I spoke to the manager and they just told me to keep working, keep working hard.
“We've got a really good squad and nobody has a divine right to be in the team. You've got to keep working hard and wait for your opportunity and go from there.”
This time 12 months ago, Horgan had just come to the end of a successful spell at Dundalk, finishing off with an adventure in the Europa League.
After their move to PNE went through in January, they started 10 games in the second half of last season.
The 25-year-old joined the action on Saturday as part of a double change in the 62nd minute.
As well as the goal, Horgan was a constant worry to the Burton defence with their pace on the left wing.
It is from that side of the pitch which North End boss Alex Neil thinks Horgan can be most effective.
“That is Daryl's favourite flank, they like playing on the left side more,” said Neil.
“It has been a frustrating time for them this season but if they continue performing like they did at Burton, they will find themselves in the team. Saturday's performance is the best I've seen from him.
“To be fair to Daryl, they couldn't have done any more when they came on.”
Horgan's goal at Burton came after Tom Clarke had put Preston in front.
It was the first time this term that either had been on the scoresheet, Clarke only just back from a long lay-off.
Said Horgan: “It's great to have Tom back, you don't want anyone to have injuries and unfortunately we've had a few with long-term problems.
“Tom's got themselves back in, they played a last week and to get a goal was brilliant, you could see how much it meant to him.
“It's great to have them back, he's a great lad to have around the place and he's a very good player as well.
“You need a strong squad in this league because you're not going to have the same 11 players for 46 games.”
Carlos Santana says they were only trying to congratulate Adele on their big night at the Grammys when they said Beyonce “is very beautiful to look at” but “not a singer, singer.”
Santana told the Australian Associated Press that Adele can “sing, sing.” They said Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, they can just stand there and they just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why they win.”
Santana clarified their stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that their “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that their comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” They add that they have “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
Adele beat out Beyonce for the top awards during Sunday's ceremony.
Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses. The company said that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that "may not comply with industry standards." Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website "out of an abundance of caution." It did not name any of those listings in its statement. To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses . There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause. But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market. The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice "in response to alarming reports" of unsafe glasses selling online. The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization. To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold. Written by Jackie Wattles for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report wasn't necessary, Chancellor Douglas Girod said.
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools.
Girold said Monday they were given verbal briefings after last fall's review but they didn't receive any written reports. The university's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men's basketball programs "for possible NCAA rules violations, including violations related to offers, inducements, agents, extra benefits, and other similar issues."
On April 13, Girod said in a statement that they had "complete confidence" that the athletics department had followed all rules.
"We didn't feel the need to release an external report," Girod said. "What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary."
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist. The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used.
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters.
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing.
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks. No Kansas officials were implicated.
"We have gone back to look at anything we have access to, and we can't find any evidence of that," Girod said. "But we don't have access to everything. That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly."
But Mr. Trump quickly undercut that statement, telling NBC News that they had planned to fire Mr. Comey even before receiving Mr. Rosenstein's memo. “And in fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said, ‘You know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story,'” Mr. Trump said. “It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won.”
Mr. Trump also told Russian diplomats in the Oval Office that firing Mr. Comey had relieved “great pressure” that they had faced because of Russia.
Mr. Rosenstein's comments to Mr. McCabe were made against a backdrop of those shifting explanations. After their meeting, Mr. Rosenstein gave Mr. McCabe a copy of a draft firing letter that Mr. Trump had written, according to two people familiar with the conversation. Mr. McCabe later gave that letter, and their memos, to Mr. Mueller.
Mr. McCabe's memo reflects the anxiety of the early months of the Trump administration and presaged a relationship with law enforcement that has only grown more strained. Just as Mr. Comey kept memos on interactions with Mr. Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Mr. McCabe documented their own conversations with the president and others.
Mr. Trump has injected themselves into Justice Department operations in ways that have little precedent. While most presidents who have faced federal investigations have assiduously avoided discussing them for fear of being seen as trying to influence them, Mr. Trump has shown no hesitation. They have called the investigation a “witch hunt,” declared that a “deep state” was trying to undermine their presidency, and encouraged the Justice Department to provide sensitive details about the special counsel inquiry to Congress.
Most recently, Mr. Trump has publicly demanded that the Justice Department investigate the Russia investigation itself.
In response, Mr. Rosenstein has walked a perilous line. Faced with threats on their job, they told Republicans in Congress that they would not be “extorted.” But they have also relented to pressure in some instances, providing information to Congress that would not normally be shared amid an investigation.
All-rounder Alex Hughes has committed their long-term future to Derbyshire by signing a new three-year deal to keep them at the club until the end of the 2020 season.
The 26-year-old, who has progressed from the club's academy, enjoyed a career-best campaign in 2017, featuring in every domestic game and hitting 800 first-class runs, including a career-high 142 against Gloucestershire in September.
Hughes was also a mainstay in the county's limited-overs teams, firing more than 350 runs and topping the club's batting averages in the Royal London One-Day Cup. Marking a memorable year, Hughes was awarded their county cap in September and was named player of the year at the club's end-of-season awards evening.
Captain Billy Godleman said: “Alex is a great lad and works hard at their game. They offer us a range of skills across all forms and we're pleased to see them commit their future to the club.
“He is developing into a high-class batsman, a very capable bowler and an exceptional fielder.  They are a real team man and an individual we can build a side around for years to come.”
Hughes said: “I'm delighted to sign a new contract. Hopefully I can repay the club's faith in me with more good performances.”
Have your say
A road in Otley has been shut in anticipation of a dangerously unstable tree falling onto the highway.
The tree on West Chevin Road is estimated to weigh around 20 tonnes.
Leeds City Council forestry staff are at the scene and have predicted that it will fall within the next day.
On Saturday, a large tree fell onto an access road near Roundhay Park, trapping hundreds of cars inside the park.
Ward councillor Sandy Lay took these photos.
17:31 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Rabbi Lau: Do not remove your kippah Read more Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Israel criticizes suggestion German Jews should not wear kippahs to avoid being attacked. ► ◄ Last Briefs
AP Photo/John Locher
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of their skills after two years of traveling the world in their private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of their time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick their chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match their power. Indeed, they would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when they told UFC chief Dana White what their intentions are.
“Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years,” White said, “and that Floyd's village is next.”
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as they can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics their propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. They were throwing punches before they could walk, and if they had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let themselves get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
“Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,” said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like they always do. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while they focus on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin their brand – and that of the UFC – by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting their star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that they could actually win.
“I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago,” White said. “The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time.”
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give them even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that they first suggested they could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until they finally got them to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
—
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
Comments
comments
Four major roads in Cubao, Quezon City, are now classified as tow-away zones, the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) said.
These are Main Avenue, South Road, 2nd Avenue and 3rd Avenue in Barangay Bagong Lipunan ng Crame, where the MMDA conducted operations on Monday against illegally parked vehicles.
MMDA general manager Tim Orbos said clearing these roads would allow the creation of a bypass route connecting Mariposa Street and 3rd Avenue, going to Edsa.
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this month, the MMDA sued two barangay chairs in Quezon City for negligence in the drive against illegal parking. —JOVIC YEE
The University of Wisconsin-Green Bay, elected officials and northeastern Wisconsin businesses have joined forces to push for the creation of an engineering degree program as part of a focus on STEM innovation. Oct. 6, 2017.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Photo
BEIJING — The annual meeting of China's legislature, the National People's Congress, is usually a sleepy, stolid affair. But this year history happened. In the 16-day session that ended on Tuesday, the Communist Party-controlled congress approved changes that could shape China for decades, especially by stretching President Xi Jinping's hold on power far into the future.
Here are some highlights of our coverage.
Xi Extends Their Grip on Power
Just over a week before the congress started on March 5, the Communist Party dropped a bombshell: that lawmakers would vote on a constitutional amendment lifting a two-term limit on the presidency. Mr. Xi pushed the change through with a speed and secrecy striking even for China.
Read: China Moves to Let Xi Stay in Power by Abolishing Term Limit
Read: How Xi Jinping Made Their Power Grab: With Stealth, Speed and Guile
A New Era of Strongman Politics
Abolishing term limits showed that Mr. Xi wants to stay in power, unrivaled, far past the decade that their predecessor held office. The political maneuvering confirmed their status as a party titan likened, by some, to Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping. Others see parallels with Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey and other modern-day authoritarians.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Read: With Xi's Power Grab, China Joins New Era of Strongmen
Read: President Xi's Strongman Rule Raises New Fears of Hostility and Repression
Treble support will be rolling out in OnePlus' latest OxygenOS open beta, which has launched simultaneously for both phone models. A tweaked UI, improved weather app, and the ability to accent colors via a customization wheel are also listed in the complete changelog.
Beyond Android Oreo's debut, it's been up to a manufacturer's discretion whether or not a phone that was upgrading to Oreo would be Treble compatible -- there is more work involved, after all. Apart from the OnePlus 5 and 5T, around 20 other smartphones including the Huawei P10/P10 Plus and LG's V30 have made the jump. OnePlus originally said it was skipping on Treble because it requires a storage partition, and since all OnePlus devices lack the necessary partition, there was a chance they'd brick.
Treble is credited as the reason behind why phones like the Xperia XZ2 and Xiaomi's Mi Mix 2S have beta access to Android P, which is a good sign for OnePlus's 5 and 5T too. In the meantime, you can get the newest open beta builds (OpenBeta 13 for OnePlus 5, OpenBeta 11 for OnePlus 5T) here. OnePlus' latest phone, the OnePlus 6, already supports Project Treble.
The company recently unveiled two new models including the GH5 (not the camera) and ADA Mini, above. With its, er, friendly face, it's designed to serve drinks, take orders, walk, speak, detect obstacles and move its head across two axes.
The robots can work in shopping malls, hospitals, airports and other businesses to help tourists, patients, visitors and others. The ADA Mini, for instance, will be deployed at an Instanbul airport to provide visitors with check-in information, directions, and more. The ADA GH5 can perform similar chores and even dance, but with a decidedly more Cylon vibe.
A video below features one of Akin's robots distributing brochures (reluctantly) to amused passersby, while another shows a robotic server distributing drinks to very patient restaurant patrons.
Akin's robots look more like the kind that would fall down than bring about the downfall of humanity. At the same time, they do fulfill their purpose of providing amusement to human visitors, especially kids. Perhaps more importantly, Akin plans to mass produce the robots in a new factory in Konya, Turkey, so there's a decent chance that -- ready or not -- you might actually see one somewhere.
No one can deny that this year's Ramadan drama series have been quite engaging so far, thrilling too in some cases. Yet, one has to question what's up with all the cheating and adultery. There isn't a single show that does not include betrayal! We thought we might wrap up the ugliest ones for you so you can get your dose of nakad!
1.THE ‘NADER- AYA -SHERIF' BETRAYEL from ‘LA TOTFE2 EL SHAMS'
Regardless of the age gap and the romantic love story, Aya represents a huge segment of Egyptian girls who believe that marriage and love are not related. With their husband raising suspicions about their sexuality, this gets even better and better!
2.THE ‘YOUSSEF- ENGY- NADEEM' from ‘LA TOTFE2 EL SHAMS'
Would karma hit back at Engy? Is Engy really in love with their husband's partner or is it part of a bigger plan to get the deal done?
3.THE ‘GAMEELA- HESHAM- LAILA' FROM ‘LE 23LA SE3R'
We must all agree that we despise Zeina's character. We're very pleased that Nelly karim is finally starting to realize that they need to work on themselves and get over their husband who left them for their best friend. We're so ready for this cat fight!
4.THE ‘ RAMY- ABLA- ABD ALLAH' FROM LE 23LA SE3R'
Abla got bored of their forever busy unromantic husband and is seeing their partner at work. With Abla getting pregnant with their lover and their husband revealing secrets, would they get away with their affair or lose their reputation?
5.THE ‘NAYLA- AKRAM – ABLA ‘ FROM ‘HAZA EL MASA2'
Should sexual problems ever be an excuse to get married behind your wife's back? Can you be in love with two women?
6.THE ‘TAGHREED- TAREK- SAFI' FROM '30 YOUM'
With a wife agreeing to adopt the daughter of their husband's mistress, in fact, the tension gets even higher. A fling that got Tarek more than what they hoped for!
And the list goes on and on. If you believe we missed one or two stories that are worth sharing, feel free to drop us a comment!
When you are in a car accident, you need honest and hardworking professionals. Choose Fetcho's and receive a written lifetime guarantee on all repairs. At Fetcho's we do more than repair your vehicle.
We follow a code of ethics. We pledge to give you honesty, quality, integrity and safety with every repair. We will be happy to help you in any way possible.
Fetcho's is located at 1020 Murfreesboro Road in Lebanon. Call at 615-453-4471.
BELLEVUE, Wash. (AP) - A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The "Active Shooter" video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse."
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and led by a person named Ata Berdiyev. Valve spokesperson Doug Lombardi says Berdiyev had previously been kicked off the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Sunday, Last Week Tonight With John Oliver spared no ire for Donald Trump's “many sides” equivocation in response to the murder of Heather Heyer at an anti-Nazi demonstration after someone — suspected to be James Alex Fields, Jr., who was photographed alongside members of hate group Vanguard America earlier that day — drove into a crowd of people who were assembled in Charlottesville, Virginia, to protest the “Unite The Right” march.
The brief clip above serves as a play-by-play of the shameful press conference and disappointing followup which somehow let down even those with no expectations for respectable leadership from this administration. After making fun of the Tiki torches, Oliver played a clip of Trump's statement:
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides… on many sides.”
To which Oliver went apoplectic, “On many sides? This was a white nationalist rally! You have to call that out by name!” Oliver went on to point out how much Nazis seem to like Trump, perhaps because “Nazis are a lot like cats. If they like you, it's probably because you're feeding them.”
Oliver also ran the clip where Trump returned to the podium after being asked about white supremacists, only to refuse to acknowledge what should be the easiest question ever: Hey, do you like Nazis? Oliver sums it up: “He had one last shot before the buzzer on the racism clock hit zero, and they threw an air ball so far it away it landed in the Third Reich. […] A non-answer in a moment like this is an answer.”
Oliver went on to say, even if Trump condemns white nationalists eventually, “It will be too late, because their first response is who they are.” Disavowing Nazis is “as much of a presidential gimme a pardoning a f*cking turkey. It is almost impossible to screw it up, but that's exactly what happened.”
They ended on this final harrowing thought: “In a country where previous presidents have actually had to defeat Nazis, we now have one who cannot even be bothered to f*cking condemn them.”
(Via Last Week Tonight With John Oliver)
Move intended to improve retailer's delivery capabilities
MINNEAPOLIS — Target Corp. has acquired a transportation technology company to enhance its delivery capabilities.
The company — San Francisco-based Grand Junction — is already working with Target on a delivery pilot at its store in New York's Tribeca neighborhood.
Grand Junction uses its software and data to connect retailers with local delivery services to offer same-day deliveries of merchandise ordered online.
“Grand Junction's technology and algorithms will help Target deliver to guests faster and more efficiently,” Arthur Valdez, executive vice president, chief supply chain and logistics officer at Target, said in a statement. “This acquisition is part of Target's ongoing efforts to strengthen Target's supply chain to provide greater speed, reliability and convenience for guests.”
In a blog post on Target's corporate website, Valdez said that Grand Junction will also help Target offer product assembly, installation and other services.
“Grand Junction will become part of our technology team, which is already a strong partner in our supply chain transformation efforts,” Valdez said in the post. “We'll work together to expand our same-day delivery pilot to a few more New York City area stores this fall, and then in 2018 we plan to offer the service in more major cities. Beyond that, we'll leverage Grand Junction's platform — which is already used by hundreds of carriers — to become even faster and more efficient in how we get products to our guests.”
Following the transaction, Grand Junction founder and chief executive officer Rob Howard will become a vice president of technology at Target.
“Target is seizing a tremendous opportunity to leverage local delivery as a retail differentiator,” Howard said. “We're thrilled about helping to pursue this opportunity, and to join Target at this unprecedented time in retail.”
Target has become more aggressive about testing delivery options in recent years. In June the company began testing a next-day delivery of household items, called Target Restock, in the Minneapolis area. That service is aimed at holders of the retailer's Target RedCard affinity credit card.
The teachers' union said it would launch labor sanctions and classes would begin at kindergartens, elementary and middle schools three hours late or at 11:00 A.M. on Tuesday.
The job action follows a dispute with the Education Ministry over a failure to pay full salaries to all teachers. Special education will not be affected by the sanctions, and will be held as normal.
A union statement said "thousands of teachers have been caused undue harm due to Education Ministry failures to provide proper compensation as part of the 'New Horizon' reform."
Club operator expands online order delivery options
ISSAQUAH, Wash. — Costco Wholesale Corp. reported sales and earnings gains for its fiscal fourth quarter and year, and said it has expanded delivery options for its customers.
The warehouse club operator said that its net sales for the 17-week fourth quarter ended September 3 were $41.36 billion, an increase of 15.8% compared to the comparable period last year. Net sales for the 53-week fiscal year were $126.17 billion, an increase of 8.7% over the $116.07 billion reported in the 52-week fiscal year of 2016.
Costco also reported net sales of $12.40 billion for the five weeks ended October 1, an increase of 12.1% over the $11.06 billion recorded during the similar period last year. Comparable sales for the company advanced 8.9% in September, 6.1% for the fourth quarter and 4.1% for the fiscal year. E-commerce sales advanced 21% in the quarter and 13% in the year.
Net income for the 17-week fourth quarter was $919 million, up from $779 million last year. For the 53-week fiscal year, net income was was $2.68 billion, compared to $2.35 billion in the 52-week fiscal year that ended in August 2016.
Despite the sales and profit results that beat expectations, though, Costco's shares fell in early morning trading on Friday. The company's gross margins contracted in the fourth quarter, fueling concerns that the warehouse club operator faced increased competition from Amazon.com and other retailers.
Costco chief financial officer Richard Galanti said in a conference call Thursday night that the company's brick-and-mortar business is “as strong as it's ever been,” and added that the company is expanding its online offerings. It has introduced a service called CostcoGrocery, free for orders of more than $75, that allows Costco members to choose from about 500 nonperishable groceries and other products, and have them delivered in two days via UPS. CostcoGrocery is available throughout the continental United States, according to the company. Costco has also expanded its same-day delivery of products, including perishable groceries, though Instacart.
Costco ended its 2017 fiscal year with 741 warehouse clubs in operation, including 514 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 97 in Canada, 37 in Mexico, 28 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 13 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, nine in Australia, two in Spain, one in France and one in Iceland. Costco also operates e-commerce web sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea and Taiwan.
President Donald Trump is expanding their legal team and is adding veteran DC attorney Joe diGenova.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A source with direct knowledge tells ABC News the plan is for diGenova to join the president's legal team which already consists of John Dowd and Jay Sekulow; Ty Cobb remains the in-house White House lawyer handling issues related to the presidency.
“Former US Attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova will be joining our legal team later this week. I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that they will be a great asset in our representation of the President, “ Jay Sekulow counsel to the president told ABC News in a statement confirming the hiring.
DiGenova declined to comment when reached by ABC.
This is a developing story. Please refresh for details.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In the early rounds of qualifying at Duck X Productions' No Mercy 8 at South Georgia Motorsports Park, Marty Stinnett stunned drag race fans with a 3.751 @ 196 mph 1/8-mile pass in their Fox-body Mustang powered by a small block Chevy. Jeff Burns Racing Engines buildt the engine, which is based on Gen I small block Chevy architecture. The cast-aluminum block has a 4.50-inch bore spacing that allows the current displacement of 470 cubic inches. The cylinder heads are a symmetrical port design, but retain inline valves, rather than a canted valve arrangement. Twin 94mm Honeywell Garrett turbochargers feed the small block through a in intake ported by Wilson Manifolds. Billet Atomizer injectors are run by the FuelTech engine management system with help from Speedwire. The powerplant is backed by a two-speed TH400 transmisssion built by Proformance Racing Transmissions with a ProTorque torque converter. An “old” Fab 9 rear axle housing is out back, and the MacFab beadlock wheels helped Marty to a 3.77 on their first pass out of the weekend. The car retains a steel roof and quarter panels, but lightened with some carbon panels from Shoneck Composites. Components from Santhuff Shocks are on all four corners.
As this is published, Marty's pass makes them the quickest small-block car on radial tires in the country. Stay tuned for our continued coverage of No Mercy 8 from South Georgia Motorsports Park, the “Home of the Flying Cars.”
Ambulance bosses have drawn up plans to deal with an ‘inevitable' flu pandemic that could affect a third of all people – including children and usually fit young adults.
They lay bare the crippling impact an outbreak would have, and reveal how it would be impossible to stop the virus spreading rapidly – even if it starts outside the UK.
Half of all paramedics in the north west would likely contract the flu, with schools and nurseries advised to shut to reduce the spread of infection amongst pupils.
999 operators would be swamped by calls, including by the ‘worried well', while antiviral drugs could run out.
The disaster would last for up to five months - with the virus also likely to re-emerge.
However, the North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) has come up with contingency plans designed to help the NHS cope in the event of a deadly outbreak.
A spokesperson said NHS England requires all ambulance services to have a plan in place, and said it would help bosses ‘best manage the demand, supplement the workforce in the event of high levels of sickness, and work with other healthcare partners to offer the best possible care to patients'.
Influenza pandemics have happened at irregular intervals throughout history, including three in the last century, the report said.
The outbreak in 1918, dubbed the Spanish flu, claimed 20 million lives worldwide, including 150,000 people in the UK.
Pandemics are unpredictable and can happen at any time of the year – not just in the winter. They happen when a new strain of the virus emerges, to which most people are susceptible.
Experts believe it would spread rapidly in the UK over the span of two to three weeks, before a second wave of illness six to nine months later.
In 2008, the body of Sir Mark Sykes, a diplomat, politician and landowner was exhumed by scientists who hoped it could help prevent another pandemic.
Sir Sykes died of Spanish Flu in France in 1919, aged 39. They were buried in a lead-lined coffin and virologists thought flu particles would remain intact as a result – giving them a valuable insight into the flu strain. However, the coffin had split and the cadaver badly decomposed.
Mr. Hobica told of wearing a navy blue suit on a United flight a few years ago from Kennedy International Airport in New York to Los Angeles, where they live.
“I was in the lounge, where everybody was dressed in sandals and gym clothes, and I heard them call my name,” they said. They thought they were being bumped, but instead they were upgraded to first class.
“I don't have status on any airline,” they said, “because I only buy based on price.” They concluded that the freshly pressed suit was the source of theirs luck.
Mr. Hobica then relayed tales of friends who had been upgraded while wearing clothes they considered nicer than what they might wear to the gym or the grocery store, and a conversation they once had with a gate agent friend at Lufthansa.
“She told me they would upgrade people based on how good-looking they are, how pregnant they are, or how nicely they're dressed,” they said. “She said: ‘Look, we oversell flights and, of course, we go down the status list first. Absolutely, we look at your miles.'” But if no one on the flight warrants special privileges, the absence of ripped jeans or tattered sneakers can help, Mr. Hobica said.
Ashton Morrow, a Delta spokesperson, said their airline, like most, adheres to set corporate practices that do not take appearances into account in selecting passengers for unexpected perks.
“There are a number of factors that go into upgrading, including loyalty and recent delays we might want to make up for,” they said. “Upgrading based on wardrobe is never our policy.”
Photo
Still, dressing well for flights may yield more subtle benefits.
“I will say that when I see someone come on the plane and they're dressed nicely and their children are dressed nicely, I do take notice,” said Kate Linder, an actor, and a United flight attendant since 1978.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That does not mean, they said, that they will pour full cans of ginger ale for the well-dressed passengers while their neighbors in flip-flops receive half cans, or that they are more inclined to be especially attentive to those well-dressed passengers. But they said they remembered a time when most customers considered flying an occasion to dress up, and they suspect one result was increased civility for everyone on board, particularly those who paid the closest attention to their appearance.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“When someone is a little dressed up and looking like they made an effort, it's almost like they're showing respect for themselves and for everybody else on the plane,” said Ms. Linder, of Los Angeles, who has maintained their career as a flight attendant while also appearing on the TV soap opera “The Young and the Restless.”
“My personal opinion is that when you take pride in how you look, you take pride in how you act,” they said.
Nancy Marquis, another longtime United flight attendant, retired in 2007 but is still a frequent flier. They said they understood the inclination to dress “like a slob” on a plane.
When they became a flight attendant in 1969, seats were bigger and security was not as much of a bother. Now, they said, “you have less personal space and fewer amenities, so you want to be as comfortable as possible.”
Ms. Marquis, of Glen, N.H., said they thought the evolution of less formal dress for flights could be traced to 1978, the year the Airline Deregulation Act became law. “That was a definite demarcation line. New airlines started popping up and fare wars started,” they said.
For many, the democratization of air travel meant that buying a plane ticket no longer merited a trip to the dry cleaner. But one thing stayed the same, Ms. Marquis said: Regardless of where passengers were seated on a plane, in economy or in a premium section, everyone dressed similarly.
Before deregulation, everyone was dressed for a business meeting and no one wore jeans, they said. Now, no one is dressed for a meeting and everyone wears jeans.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There is a relatively new twist to that trend of dressing similarly. Airlines including American, United and Delta have started offering first- and business-class international passengers free pajamas on overnight flights in recent years, according to Mr. Sumers — something they said was more closely associated with Asian and European airlines.
One result could be an antidote to the withering looks from passengers who do not approve of seatmates' hoodies and sweatpants, and an overall avoidance of skirmishes over what is appropriate airplane attire.
“The pajamas are a wonderful trend,” Mr. Sumers said. “It can be truly bizarre, because you'll have like 60 seats in business class, and 40 of the passengers have decided to wear the pajamas. So for like 10 hours, everybody is matching.”
Ms. Marquis said everybody was probably more at ease, too.
“If you look fabulous or you look horrendous on an airplane, you're going to stick out,” they said. “If you're dressed like everybody else, there are no extremes and you have nothing to worry about.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Based on Charles Martin's novel of the same name, The Mountain Between Us is a survival drama directed by Hany Abu-Assad (The Idol). Idris Elba and Kate Winslet star in the film which premiered this year at the Toronto International Film Festival.
After an incoming storm forces the cancellation of their flight to New York, talented photojournalist Alex Martin finds themselves stuck in Idaho the night before their wedding. Scrambling to make it home in time, they hit upon a longshot idea and charters a plane to Denver in the hopes of catching the red-eye to New York that same night. Another stranded passenger, Ben Bass, a skilled British neurosurgeon due back on the East Coast to perform a critical, life-saving operation, tunes out their own misgivings about the plan and joins them As Alex and Ben fly ahead of inclement weather in a small Piper two-seater, their pilot suffers a massive stroke, and the small craft crashes in the deep snows of the Uinta Mountains in northeastern Utah. Trapped in the remote region with little hope of rescue, the two weary travelers embark on a terrifying and transformative pilgrimage across the unforgiving reaches of the vast, rugged terrain, fighting against the elements, animals and time.
“When I first read the script, I was actually attracted to both Alex and Ben,” Winslet says. “I loved the idea that these two characters would sustain an entire film from start to finish. I've never read a script like that before.”
The Mountain Between Us is rated 14A.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A man was rushed to the hospital early Wednesday morning after they were run over trying to stop a person from stealing their family's car.
The incident happened at about 2:30 a.m. in the 4300 block of Martinview Drive in City Heights, according to San Diego police.
Police said three brothers inside a home heard one of their cars being started and ran outside to find someone driving away in their 1997 Honda Accord.
One of the brothers stepped in front of the Accord in an attempt to stop the car thief, but the driver accelerated and struck him.
The victim was taken to Scripps Mercy Hospital with injuries of unknown severity.
Shortly after 5:30 a.m., firefighters responded to reports of a Honda Accord on fire in an apartment complex parking lot on Scott Drive. Investigators confirmed the burned car was the vehicle stolen in City Heights.
Troy University's Campus Kitchen Reaches 10,000 Meals Milestone
by Danielle Wallace
For these students delivering meals each week in the community is routine and now as they enter their 3rd year, they have proudly served 10,000 meals.
“Food waste is a really big issue all across the country so we're able to tackle that on a local level and really make an impact,” says volunteer, Max Herman.
Troy's Campus Kitchen partner's with the university's dining hall to make that impact happen prepping food that could go to waste and delivering it each Friday.
“We tend to always be absorbed in ourselves and that's not always a terrible thing. However, we tend to forget about others and so in that, I think it's really cool that we're able to take food that would be thrown away and we're able to repackage it and re purpose it in away that other people can enjoy it,” says Herman.
Those 10,000 meals equate to 15,000 pounds of food.
“That's food that we're diverting from going to waste and going to the landfill and going into the hands and mouths of people that art in need,” says Jonathan Cellon, Associate Dean, Center for Student Success.
The primary agencies that Troy's Campus Kitchen delivers to is Troy's head start and boy's and girls club.
“It's cool to see our students come back as repeat volunteers over and over again. We tell them all the time that we appreciate them helping out but there's no expectation that they will come but they are always there to help,” says Herman.
“We just crossed threshold and in fact this semester we've had a number of milestones that I think will continue to increase that number over time,” says Cellon.
Activist and #MeToo founder Tarana Burke said they were hopeful when the Manhattan District Attorney's Office indicted movie producer Harvey Weinstein on Wednesday, but added that it isn't "really a moment to celebrate."
Interested in Harvey Weinstein? Add Harvey Weinstein as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Harvey Weinstein news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
"It doesn't bring me personal joy, this is not really what it is about," Burke said Wednesday night on "The Daily Show." "This is not really a moment to like to celebrate how the mighty have fallen. But it is cathartic for the survivors, it is a moment for them to have a sense of relief, for some of them."
Speaking in an interview with Trevor Noah, Burke said Weinstein's forthcoming trial could be tenuous.
Sarah Morris/Getty Images, FILE
"It will mark the beginning of them [the victims] having to be dragged through a trial process where their attorneys are going to try their best to diminish them and to make them seem like they were complicit," they said.
Burke also pushed back against claims that the #MeToo movement had become more about "taking down powerful men" than supporting victims of sexual assault.
"It's not about taking down powerful men, and it is not a woman's movement either -- that's another sort of misconception," they said. "It's movement for survivors."
"Our goal was really to work with black and brown girls in the south, who are survivors of sexual violence, and to speak healing into their lives," they added.
Weinstein, 66, was arrested, processed and charged with rape, criminal sex act, sex abuse and sexual misconduct last week for incidents involving two separate women, according to police.
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
They have been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct and has been investigated by multiple agencies, including the the New York Attorney General's Office, the Los Angeles Police Department and authorities in the U.K.
Weinstein has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex. Their attorney, Benjamin Brafman, has signaled that they plan to plead not guilty at the forthcoming arraignment.
Burke, one of "the silence breakers" to receive Time Magazine's Person of the Year title for 2017, said the disgraced movie mogul's arrest should serve as a cautionary tale for men in power and everyday people alike who walk the thin line between unacceptable and criminal behavior.
The #MeToo movement "grew from working with young girls to grown women, who realized, 'Oh, we're survivors of sexual violence and there are others like us,'" Burke said, "and it has really been focused on what survivors need to start a healing progress."
"That's really what the heart of our movement has been about," they added. "We are working to end sexual violence."
“While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
SANOFI US, the pharmaceutical company that makes the sleep aide Ambien, in a tweet after Roseanne Barr blamed the drug for the racist post that caused ABC to cancel their “Roseanne” reboot.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
In this photo taken on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo reacts after being shown a second yellow card by referee Ricardo de Burgos during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain. Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following their red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup. (AP Photo/Manu Fernandez)
LONDON (AP) — New season, old habits.
Referees are encountering insolent behavior. Hot-headed stars are kicking out. Players are embroiled in transfer standoffs.
The petulant streak within footballers is burning brightly after the summer break in Europe, and the world player of the year is leading by (bad) example.
When Cristiano Ronaldo pushed a referee during the Spanish Super Cup victory against Barcelona, soccer's red line was crossed. The booking for diving might have been severe and the Real Madrid forward was incensed. But the physical contact was unforgivable.
Ronaldo also only had themselves to blame for accumulating two bookings, since the first followed the trademark brash goal celebration they know breaches the rules: Flash their torso to the cameras after removing the jersey.
Ronaldo will feel harshly treated again by Spanish authorities — he's already fighting tax charges in court — but in reality they got off lightly with a five-match domestic ban.
"The authority and the safety of the referee deserves the utmost respect and cannot be challenged," the Spanish federation said in Monday's judgment, "even in the hypothetical situation of having made a wrong decision."
It was the culmination of a weekend of flare-ups in leading European competitions.
A referee also faced impertinent behavior in London. Cesc Fabregas was booked for sarcastically applauding after a free kick was awarded against the Chelsea midfielder in the first half of Saturday's Premier League opener against Burnley.
What made Fabregas' reaction even more reckless was that the champions had already seen captain Gary Cahill dismissed two minutes earlier for a wild challenge. Being unable to curb their own impulses, Fabregas received the second booking late in the second half for a lunge of their own as Chelsea imploded to open its title defense with a shock loss.
The inability to maintain discipline also proved costly for Newcastle. The Premier League newcomers were drawing 0-0 with last season's runners-up, Tottenham, when Jonjo Shelvey was sent off for treading on Dele Alli's foot right. It was particularly foolish: The referee was right next to the pair. Newcastle paid the price, losing its season opener 2-0.
Across in France, Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan also lost their cool on Sunday when they threw the ball at Strasbourg's Benjamin Corgnet and saw red. The impact of the dismissal was compounded by the inability of Lille manager Marcelo Bielsa to replace an outfield player with the back-up goalkeeper from the bench because they had used up their three substitutions. In the final half hour three goals were conceded as a stalemate at 11 vs. 11 became a 3-0 loss to a promoted team.
"More than criticizing," Bielsa said, "I want to find answers to situations that are avoidable."
The most relieved player on the continent should be Miralem Pjanic. During Sunday's Italian Super Cup, the Juventus midfielder kicked Lazio striker Ciro Immobile's ankle in an off-the-ball reaction to an early foul. Pjanic escaped with a yellow card so they won't be joining Ronaldo, Fabregas, Cahill, Shelvey and Corgnet in sitting out upcoming games.
Other players are missing early season matches without even encountering a referee. They want to be pulling on the shirts of other clubs so are locked in power battles to be sold to a higher bidder.
Virgil van Dijk wants out of Southampton after pursing a move to Liverpool, which is fighting off interest in Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona, which was forced into selling Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain after their 222 million-euro ($264 million) release clause was met.
All this money swilling round irritated Tottenham defender Danny Rose who moaned in an interview, not only about the size of their pay packet, but also the club's failure to go on a transfer binge like Manchester City's $260 million spree.
Rose, who is still recovering from injury, urged Tottenham to sign established stars and "not players you have to Google and say, 'Who's that?'" Rose went on to say: "I know my worth and I will make sure I get what I am worth."
Tottenham forced an apology out of Rose for the newspaper interview. One might also be forthcoming from Chelsea striker Diego Costa, who grumbled to another British paper that they were being treated like a "criminal" because the London club has not released them to join Atletico Madrid.
A few weeks on the beach during the summer has clearly done little to mellow footballers in Europe. Long before the title battles and relegation struggles get going, the players are erupting on the pitch and with their employers.
No wonder UEFA is launching a new respect campaign later this month. It can't come soon enough.
___
Global Soccer Writer Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
___
More AP soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Soccer
From Digital Spy
The whole idea of Mary Poppins Returns is a little out-there to some, and one of its stars seems to agree.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has been cast in a lead role as Jack in the sequel to the 1964 classic musical Mary Poppins, and it seems that they think the idea is as barmy as everyone else does.
After their ridiculous success for Hamilton, Miranda told The Guardian that they were only accepting offers "that are just so bonkers that you'd kick yourself for ever if you didn't jump at the chance to do them".
We can guess that the Poppins sequel, directed by Rob Marshall, is one of those gigs.
View photos Photo credit: PA Images More
"Poppins was both incredibly hard work and sort of this joyous vacation," they said of the shoot.
"Because I had just been in Hamilton-mania in the States, it was starting to get to the point where I couldn't ride the train without having a conversation about Hamilton.
"So the only sane response is to chop off all your hair and leave the country. I was really very anonymous here and that was a wonderful thing to reclaim, to ride the tube around and take my kid to Lady Di park.
View photos Photo credit: Disney More
"To sort of do normal things was wonderful, because it was getting weird. Like, famous-person weird."
The first teasers for Mary Poppins Returns were released to select audiences in July and it was all very emotional.
Mary Poppins Returns, also starring Julie Walters, Meryl Streep, Colin Firth and Angela Lansbury, opens on December 21 next year in UK cinemas.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has made fixing Facebook their personal challenge this year, and the company has already announced several changes to that end.
For example, it's showing users more posts from friends and family instead of businesses and publishers.
But it's far from clear if these tweaks will produce lasting change, or if they're merely cosmetic adjustments designed to generate goodwill while keeping people glued to Facebook.
Critics such as Roger McNamee, a venture capitalist and early Facebook investor, say the recent changes don't address the threats to elections or public health that Facebook needs to address.
Zuckerberg says it will take some time — "months," perhaps — for its changes to make their way to users.
Residents on the most exclusive rat-run in Preston claim they are the first casualties of the newly-opened Broughton Bypass.
Within three hours of the £32m relief road opening this week, engineers swooped to block one end of upmarket D'Urton Lane after years as a shortcut for impatient motorists.
But, even though many who live on “Millionaires' Row” are happy to wave goodbye to the traffic misery, the speed at which the leafy lane was shut down caught everyone, especially drivers, on the hop.
“We got a hand-delivered letter at 3.30pm on Wednesday and by 2pm the following day the concrete blocks were in place,” said Philip Taylor who lives at Winders Cotttage. “Since then lorries and cars have been causing mayhem trying to turn around and backing up people's drives. It's an absolute joke.”
The stopping up of D'Urton Lane has been on the card since plans for the Broughton Bypass were first submitted. Two families whose homes are only yards from where the roadblock has been set up, have now put cones across their drives to stop wagons and cars, who have ignored “road closed” signs, from turning round on their land.
Graeme Leathard, highways engineer for LCC, said: “Closing the end of D'Urton Lane has always been part of the Broughton Bypass project. It was advertised earlier this year, discussed at consultation events and we've leafleted local residents about the work.
“This closure is to stop D'Urton Lane being used as a rat-run. We've installed additional signs to warn drivers there is no through-route.”
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and their education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes them less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
In " Rough Night " four women on a wild and crazy bachelorette weekend in Miami accidentally kill a guy and try to get away with it.
You know it's coming. It's right there in the trailer. In the middle of the party, Jillian Bell's coked out character runs full speed toward a male stripper to straddle them and inadvertently knocks the guy over. As their seat falls back, their head cracks into the sharp edged fireplace ledge behind him.
What the trailer doesn't show is the reddish black blood oozing out from the dead guy's head onto the white tile floor. Have I mentioned this is a comedy? Was the trailer warning us about this moment so we could be prepared? Or was it selling it as part of the laughs?
Others have tried to venture into this questionable terrain before, like the insanely awful "Very Bad Things," in which the dead stripper is referred to as a "105 pound problem." Comedies are welcome to test our moral flexibility, but it was extremely hard to get on board with the privileged cover-up antics of the "Rough Night" crew after the man bleeds out — no matter what narrative gymnastics they try to concoct to make it OK. Not even "Weekend At Bernie's" had the gall to make the protagonists the murderers.
The thing is, there is a lot of funny in "Rough Night," the directorial debut of Lucia Aniello, who wrote the script with their partner Paul W. Downs (he also plays the straight-laced fianc? of Scarlett Johansson's character). The comedy duo has the chops to make something wild and great — they've worked as co-producers and writers on the wonderfully manic millennial friendship comedy "Broad City," which Aniello also directs occasionally.
For "Rough Night" they assembled a great (and brilliantly random) cast, including "Broad City's" salty star Ilana Glazer, Saturday Night Live's pinch-hitter Kate McKinnon, the fearless up-and-comer Bell and the wonderfully versatile Zoe Kravitz. They're put in an initial situation that's both relatable (college friends reuniting years later for a bachelorette) and gives room for things to get out of control (just add some cocaine, missed connections and a pair of crazy neighbors in Demi Moore and Ty Burrell). But it lacks "Broad City's" delicious edge and deranged specificity in favor of something more broad and generic.
We meet the girls briefly in college. Jess (Johansson), Alice (Bell), Blair (Kravitz) and Frankie (Glazer) are inseparable and unapologetically sloshed at a frat party owning a game of beer pong.
Cut to few years later and they've gone their separate ways and grown up, sort of. Jess is even running for office, sporting a politician crop and dowdy wares. There's a great bit between them and their campaign staff about the reasons she's lagging in the polls.
That most have evolved beyond their college selves makes the reunion feel a little bit like forced joy at the outset. But that's a good thing, and you find yourself cringing and laughing in equal measure as they negotiate how the weekend is going to go. Things take a turn, too, when Jess' friend Pippa (McKinnon, affecting an Australian accent) from a semester abroad shows up — throwing Alice into a jealousy spiral. But then the stripper comes, and dies, and it's excruciatingly hard to care or worry about whether or not they're going to get away with it, let alone how the friendship is going to survive this trial.
There are some wild moments that come after, and some of them are fun (watch out for the "sad astronaut"). I just wish they weren't in service of a throwaway gimmick that is too dark to stomach.
"Rough Night," a Sony Pictures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for "crude sexual content, language throughout, drug use and brief bloody images." Running time: 101 minutes. Two stars out of four.
———
MPAA Definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
———
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) - Two people died and several others were injured after a branch measuring in parts more than 8-feet (2.5 meters) around fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois, authorities said.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 meters) during Tuesday night's "Red, White and Boom" event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell, crushing some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Bustos said Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital. Authorities have not provided the causes of death, but Bustos said autopsies were planned for later Wednesday.
Six other people were taken to a local hospital, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman gave birth, and they and their baby are reported to be in good health.
The others were treated Tuesday night and released from the hospital. Two people from Maysville, Iowa, and their 2-year-old son suffered minor injuries, including scratches to the face. A 3-year-old boy from Bettendorf, Iowa was treated for a suspected concussion, while a Moline woman also had a suspected concussion and scratches.
Melanie Brown Ledbetter told KWQC-TV they were with sitting about 50-feet (15 meters) from the tree with family and friends, watching the fireworks.
"I was turned talking to my friend and heard the loud crackle of the tree breaking and saw it fall," they said.
They said their husband was among those who tried to help people who were hurt or trapped.
"People were screaming and crying," Ledbetter said. "A lot of people rushed over to help and a lot of people immediately packed up and fled the scene."
Bustos said their office is investigating, and they will provide an update Thursday afternoon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The latest on violence involving the U.N. peacekeeping mission in the African nation of Mali (all times local):
6 p.m.
The United Nations says unidentified gunmen attacked the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping force in the northern Mali city of Timbuktu, killing seven people and injuring seven others.
The U.N. peacekeeping mission says six assailants also were killed by U.N. peacekeepers in the attack Monday afternoon.
The mission says five Malian security guards and a Malian contractor working for the mission were killed along with a member of the Malian gendarmerie.
U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said earlier Monday that unidentified gunmen attacked two neighboring U.N. camps in Douentza in the Mopti region of central Mali, killing one Malian soldier and one U.N. peacekeeper.
The peacekeeping mission in Mali is the deadliest of the U.N.'s 16 global peacekeeping operations, and this was one of the worst losses of mission staff.
After a brief cold snap moved into the region last week, temperatures have been about 20 degrees above normal, according to the National Weather Service. Highs statewide have lingered in the high 30s this week and are expected to climb into the low and mid-40s by the weekend, according to the National Weather Service.
"We have gotten into the 44 to 51 range for this week of February," NWS meteorologist Peter Speicher said of past weather readings. "We've been as warm as 51 back in 2000. It's not totally uncommon, but it's still well above seasonal norms."
An extended outlook from NWS favors above-normal temperatures next week for most of the country except for the West Coast and Alaska.
Records possible
Some cities have a shot of setting record highs next week, and for Grand Forks, Sunday's record high could be the easiest to break. The city's high temperature record for Feb. 19, set last year, was 44 at the Grand Forks International Airport, and Speicher said Sunday's forecast calls for a high of 45 degrees.
"That would be the easiest to break," Speicher said.
No high records have been set in February so far this year.
Above-freezing temperatures could be good news for southern and western parts of North Dakota. The warm weather should speed up snowmelt, helping to remove excess moisture from river basins along watersheds.
Fields in the southern part of the Red River Valley have little snow compared with the Red River of the North starting near Hillsboro.
Paths could open up as the snow melts, taking the excess water to rivers, streams and lakes. Areas should be on the lookout for rising water levels, but the melt taking off that excess water from snowpack slowly could help alleviate flooding in the spring, according to the NWS. Less snow could mean less moisture that could flow over the plains.
"Anything helps," Speicher said. "It definitely helps that we are going back below freezing at night because that slows the flow rate down."
Devils Lake Basin
In the Devils Lake Basin, they could see above-freezing temperatures Wednesday and into the weekend, with some days going above 40 degrees.
A slow melt can't hurt the Devils Lake Basin, said Jeff Frith, manager of the Devils lake Basin Joint Water Resource Board. The region surrounding the 150,000-acre lake likely will see major flooding due to heavy snow and saturated soil from a wet summer and fall. NWS meteorologists predict a 2-foot to 4-foot rise with record runoff and possibly elevations.
There still is a lot of winter left and potential for more snow, though Devils Lake has been lucky since snowfall has been relatively low for moisture accumulation in January and into mid-February, they said.
"A long, slow melt would be just what the doctor ordered, but I think we have way too much winter left to start getting really excited about spring," Frith said.
NWS meteorologists were assessing snowpack and other factors that will play a role in predicting flood outlooks. The agency's second spring flood outlook is due Thursday, though Frith doesn't expect much to change since the last one was released almost three weeks ago.
The Midwest likely will see more precipitation than normal in February, and that trend should continue into April, according to NWS. There is no precipitation forecast for this week, though there is a 50 percent chance of next week being wetter than normal.
Overall, February for almost all of the U.S. should be warmer than normal. Colder-than-normal temperatures could return by the end of February and into early March, NWS meteorologists predict.
Much of the trial has focused on Mr. Zarrab's testimony, in which they implicated Mr. Erdoğan in the sanctions-evasion scheme and described how they had paid tens of millions of dollars in bribes to Zafer Caglayan, then Turkey's economy minister.
Mr. Zarrab, a flashy gold trader who is married to a Turkish pop star and who often appeared in Turkish celebrity magazines, said they alone had made as much as $150 million in the scheme.
Mr. Korkmaz, a slight man of 30 years old, was anything but flashy as they testified for the prosecution and admitted that they had known little about Mr. Zarrab when the investigation began.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The rest of the team knew them through magazine news, through entertainment news,” they said. “I was not into those.”
Mr. Korkmaz, testifying through an interpreter, described the investigation's findings, many of which are already known in Turkey. They cited the discovery of bribe payments delivered in shoe boxes and a discussion by Mr. Zarrab and Mr. Caglayan about delivering money to Mr. Erdoğan's son.
Their most riveting testimony was about being a police officer who did not want an investigation to disappear.
Days after the arrests, they and others on their team were reassigned, they said, and told that they did not have the authority to investigate the government ministers or Mr. Erdoğan. They said they had prepared reports of the investigation and had them delivered to a prosecutor and to Parliament.
After being released from prison in February 2016, they said, they did not feel “legally secure in any way,” and they fled Turkey that August. They took as much of the evidence as they could, obtained from a prosecutor and another investigator. “Both the prosecutor and I believed that the evidence would never be brought up in court” and would probably be “damaged or destroyed.”
“I took initiative in order to preserve the evidence,” they testified.
They described a complex journey, using a false passport, through several countries before they arrived in the United States, with the help of American law enforcement officials.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They told the jury that they believed that in Turkey, the right to defend one's freedom had been lost. “So I took my wife and my daughter,” they said, “and I left the country that I dearly love.”
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while their Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the first-year student forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a first-year student in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on their Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, their dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." They averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). Germany's Finance Minister Olaf Scholz adjusts their tie before posing for a picture at the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers and central b...
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). Steven Mnuchin, U.S. Treasury Secretary, left, Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of International Monetary Fund, IMF, center, and Bruno Le Maire, France's Minister of the Economy and Finance pose for a picture during th...
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). Jim Yong Kim, center above, World Bank Group President, smiles before posing for a picture during the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers a...
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). Finance ministers and central bank governors pose for a picture during the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers and central bankers of G20 c...
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, left, Managing Director of International Monetary Fund (IMF) Christine Lagarde, center, and France's Minister of the Economy and Finance Bruno Le Maire stand together before posing f...
By LUIS ANDRES HENAO
Associated Press
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) - Finance ministers and central bankers from the 20 leading industrial and developing countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over the potential of a global trade war following U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to slap import tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Trump's tariffs - of 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on aluminum imports - enter into force this week.
The issue had not been addressed officially at the two-day summit that began Monday in Buenos Aires. But some G-20 officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said that Trump's measures have been a major talking point in private sessions.
Argentina's Treasury Minister Nicolas Dujovne asked U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday to exempt the South American country from the tariffs. Trump is temporarily exempting Canada and Mexico.
Other Latin American countries have also reached out to Trump for exemptions, and the European Union's top trade official said Monday that the EU should be excluded as a whole. The EU has already published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted.
The tariffs and the EU threat to retaliate with counter-measures have escalated the risk of a trade war with tit-for-tat tariff boosts that would harm exporting nations as well as raising prices for consumers in importing nations.
The EU considers itself to be caught in the crossfire of a dispute which is actually intended to punish China for being unfair in its commercial deals.
At news conference on Monday, Dujovne and OECD Secretary General Angel Gurria presented a report, but they declined to take questions.
The summit in Buenos Aires is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1.
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting.
The Trump administration has banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. Venezuelan last month announced a cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Have your say
Residents across the East Midlands can expect a cloudy day with outbreaks of rain.
It will be mostly dry further east with brighter periods at times, although the rain edging east towards midnight.
Tonight the cloud and outbreaks of rain will gradually clear eastwards overnight, to become clearer by dawn with a few showers following from the west.
Tomorrow looks better, with sunny spells and scattered showers.
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, WY – Improvements made to a 3.5-mile section of the East Entrance Road between Fishing Bridge and Indian Pond this year will benefit visitors and improve infrastructure in the park. Road construction efforts will widen narrow roads, improve entry and exit points into developed areas, provide for better scenic viewing opportunities along the road, and repair the historic Fishing Bridge. Anticipate delays if your travel plans include visiting the park from the East Entrance.
Advertisement
The East Entrance Road to Fishing Bridge and Lake is scheduled to open to the public May 4, weather permitting. Visitors should expect 30-minute delays between Fishing Bridge and Indian Pond (excluding Memorial Day, Independence Day, and Labor Day weekends).
From October 15 through November 5, 2018, the road between Sedge Bay and Fishing Bridge will be closed. During the closure, the East Entrance Road will remain open from the entrance to Sedge Bay, weather permitting.
Visitors traveling to and from Cody will need to use the Northeast Entrance during this closure. Tower Fall to Canyon (Dunraven Pass) traditionally closes on October 9. Depending on weather, staff may keep it open after October 9 to allow for an additional route to and from Cody via the Northeast Entrance.
Find updated road status on the park website, at visitor centers, and by calling (307) 344-2117. To receive Yellowstone road alerts on your mobile phone, text “82190” to 888-777 (an automatic text reply will confirm receipt and provide instructions).
Advertisement
NEW YORK — The Brooklyn Nets have hired former NBA player and Argentine guard Pablo Prigioni as an assistant coach.
The Nets also announced Tuesday that former Spurs centre Tiago Splitter was hired as a pro scout.
Prigioni spent most of their professional career in Spain and won a bronze medal with Argentina in the 2008 Olympics before coming to the New York Knicks in 2012 as a 35-year-old rookie. They spent four years in the NBA with the Knicks, Rockets and Clippers.
Splitter helped San Antonio win the 2014 NBA championship before spending the final two seasons of their seven-year career with Atlanta and Philadelphia. The Nets said Splitter, who also played for Brazil's national team, will have added duties related to player on-court development.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if they had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
Major U.S. stock indexes gave up an early gain and were mostly lower in midday trading, but smaller companies rose.
Travelers, mining company Freeport-McMoRan and plumbing supplies maker Masco all fell Tuesday after reporting results that were weaker than analysts were expecting.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014, reflecting higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Some companies rose after reporting solid results. Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index fell 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,664.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 124 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,313. The Nasdaq gave up 45 points, or 0.6 percent, to 7,083.
———
9:50 a.m.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,674.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,139.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 percent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 percent.
———
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
