Scroll for more content...
How many immigrant families have been reunited since a judge ordered the US government to halt most family separations at the border?
And how many kids from separated immigrant families are still in government custody?
We don't know, because officials aren't saying.
It's been a week since they released a tally of how many kids from separated families remain in government custody.
And officials have repeatedly declined to respond to questions about how many families have been reunited.
Deadlines are looming; the government has less than a month to reunite the families it separated. Here's the latest:
On June 20, the Department of Health and Human Services said there were 2,053 children from separated families in its care. On June 26, the agency said there were 2,047 such children.
Why haven't officials released updated figures since then? According to HHS, it's because the number of immigrant children in the agency's care is always in flux -- and because they are working with other agencies to cross-check the numbers they have.
Federal officials have released updated statements revealing the total number of immigrant children in their care -- a figure that includes children who crossed the border alone and children who were separated from their families after crossing. But since June 26, they've refused to specify how many kids from separated families remain in custody.
Here's why that particular statistic matters: It's the only figure officials have provided that gives us any indication of whether reunions are happening.
This isn't a perfect equation; we don't know whether the children released from HHS custody were reunited with parents -- only that they're no longer in one of the agency's shelters. The government has not answered questions about the circumstances of their release.
But without a response to questions about how many reunions have occurred -- or at least an updated figure on the number of kids from separated families who remain in custody -- the public has no way to track whether families are being reunited or how quickly it's occurring. All we have are anecdotal examples of a few scattered reunions at airports.
The latest information we have was provided to CNN by a US government source: a map showing that the 2,047 separated unaccompanied minors who were in custody of the HHS Office of Refugee Resettlement as of June 25 were scattered across 16 states.
In response to CNN inquiries over the past week asking for updated statistics on the number of kids from separated families in custody, officials have released the following statement:
"As HHS continues to evaluate the impact of the District Court ruling, and given the constantly changing number of unaccompanied alien children in our care (every day minors are referred to our care and released from our care to parents, close relatives or suitable sponsors), we are providing the total number of unaccompanied alien children in the care of HHS-funded grantees. While we understand the interest in detailed breakdowns of this information, our mission has been and remains to provide every minor transferred to HHS, regardless of the circumstances, with quality and age-appropriate care and a speedy and safe release to a sponsor."
On June 26, US District Judge Dana Sabraw laid out a series of deadlines in their ruling.
By July 6, officials must make sure every separated parent has a way to contact their child. By July 10, children under 5 must be reunited with their parents. And by July 26, all children should be reunited with their parents.
Officials have said they'll comply with the judge's order, but they haven't specified what steps they'll take to do that. They are scheduled to appear in court on Friday for a status hearing.
Attorneys for the ACLU, which has sued the government over the family separations practice, say they are monitoring the situation and will go back to the court if officials fail to comply with the deadlines.
The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials said.
The move by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III to investigate Trump's own conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign and on whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates, officials said.
Trump had received private assurances from former FBI Director James B. Comey starting in January that they were not personally under investigation. Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing.
Five people briefed on the requests, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly, said Daniel Coats, the current director of national intelligence, Adm. Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and Rogers' recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett, agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators as early as this week. The investigation has been cloaked in secrecy and it's unclear how many others have been questioned by the FBI.
March 28 Ericsson
* Ericsson simplifies organization and names executive team
* Ericsson is simplifying its organizational structure by removing the two-tiered leadership structure, Executive Leadership Team and Global Leadership Team, and forming a single Executive Team
* In addition, the geographical setup with ten regions will become five market areas, and the business areas are re-defined and reduced to three
* Ericsson says new business areas, market areas and executive team effective april 1
* Ericsson says business area networks to be led by fredrik jejdling, senior vice president, currently head of business unit network services
* Ericsson says business area managed services to be led by peter laurin, senior vice president, currently head of region northern europe and central asia
* Ericsson says business area digital services to be led by ulf ewaldsson, senior vice president, currently head of group function strategy & technology Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anna Ringstrom)
The Pascagoula Police Department has been the target of an internet scam by a group asking for monetary donations.
A Facebook page, titled "Pascagoula Police Department Friends", has been identified as a fake group posing as an affiliate of the police department.
In a post riddled with typos and written in Caps Lock text, the page asks for donations and says "all proceeds goes to the Pascagoula Police Dept #2."
However, at the bottom is a link for donations toward a Houston food bank and button where users can send their money directly though Facebook.
The Pascagoula Police Department made a post on it's official Facebook page to address the scam, saying, "We are not involved with nor do we approve this page or any fundraisers they are promoting. All fundraisers approved by our department are shared on our social media accounts."
Captain Doug Adams says the best way to identify a scam like this is to know the police department's protocol.
When it comes to Pascagoula Police, they say, any announcements will be made directly by a verified representative of the department.
"We will never send you a letter, we will never call you over the phone, and we will never send you a Facebook message asking for money," they explained. "If we do a fundraiser, we tell you what it's for, just like when we took stuff over to Texas after the storm. If we're fundraising, you'll hear it from us. We don't have anyone else speaking for us."
The fraudulent page has since been reported to Facebook and remains under investigation.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
During a live broadcast aired on CNN on Monday, Democrat supporter Keith Boykin called into question the “blackness” of black Republican commentator Paris Dennard.
Mr. Dennard, who served as the Director of Black Outreach in the George W. Bush White House reacted with anger as Boykin attempted to race-shame him.
advertisement
Allegations of “Uncle Tom” behaviour are often hurled by left-wing activists as a means to silence or shame minorities who lean conservative. Recently, the phenomenon spread to Muslims or ex-Muslims who find their political allegiances on the right of the political spectrum.
Despite the network hosts earlier urging Ken Cuccinelli to apologise for telling another contributor to “shut up” during a discussion, anchor Brooke Baldwin made no attempt to get Boykin to apologise for their on-air racism.
Speaking about the Charlottesville violence, Boykin baited Dennard, stating: “I'm ashamed that you as an African-American, Paris, will not say [that President Trump has not done enough].
Dennard began to respond: “Keith, I don't need you to try and pull my black card. I am well aware of my blackness and don't need you to try and classify me as being one”.
At this point, Boykin interjected, “Are you?” Calling Dennard's blackness into question.
“Keith, don't go there,” responded a visibly perturbed Dennard. “Do not go there. I know what it means to be a black person in this country. I have experienced racism on a regular basis, by being a Trump supporter, and by being a proud American who happens to be a Republican. I get racist comments about my family. About my mother. About my girlfriend. About my character. Every single day and mostly coming from black people”.
Boykin then condescended Dennard, telling them to “calm down” over the racist remark.
“I won't calm down,” said Dennard. “I will not be attacked by you about my blackness because I happen to be a Republican.
Earlier in the day, the network asked Republican Ken Cuccinelli to apologise to Bernie Sanders supporter Symone D. Sanders after they continuously shouted over them during an on-air discussion.
May 2 WebMD Health Corp
* WebMD reports first quarter financial results and reaffirms 2017 guidance
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $1.97 to $2.10
* Q1 earnings per share $0.30
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue about $170 million to $173 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue about $710 million to $730 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.27 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly revenue was $154.1 milllion, compared to $158.6 million in prior year period
* WebMD Health Corp - WebMD reaffirmed its guidance for 2017
* WebMD Health Corp sees Q2 adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $49 million to $51 million
* Q1 revenue view $152.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 revenue view $171.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 revenue view $719.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
California's Air National Guard abandoned operations at Ontario International Airport more than 20 years ago, but its former station and buildings remain, taking up valuable space.
Rep. Norma Torres, D-Pomona, recently launched federal efforts to assist the airport in the costly hazardous material abatement and removal of the former Air National Guard buildings.
“The cost of removing that is really, really expensive for the airport should they take that project on their own, and I don't think they should,” Torres said. “This is the responsibility of the military since they abandoned the site.”
Torres's proposal, which is part of the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, would allow airports to use funds from the Base Realignment and Closure account to remove former military facilities and return the land to developable conditions.
The legislation has passed the House of Representatives and will be considered by the Senate.
A group of airport officials, media, and representatives from Rep. Norma Torres office, tour a California National Guard hanger at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Facilities supervisor David Becerril, left, and Willie Edwards, Director of Customer Experience, stand in an old California Air National Guard hanger at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
The windows from a California National Guard hanger reflects in the sunglasses of Sol Guerra, a Deputy District Director for Rep. Norma Torres, during a tour at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Light appears from the windows inside a California National Guard hanger at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
David Snyder, a consultant for the Ontario International Airport, leads a tour inside the California National Guard hanger at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Willie Edwards, Director of Customer Experience, steps out of a California National Guard hanger during a tour at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
A worker dumps trash around unused buildings that once were occupied by the Air National Guard at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Air National Guard buildings sit unused at the Ontario International Airport on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Torres has also added two related legislative proposals to the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018, which passed the House in April.
The first amendment would create an Environmental Mitigation Pilot Program to allow the Department of Defense to provide additional funding for airport improvements at vacant facilities, including those located at the Ontario airport, according to a news release. The second amendment would add economic impacts to the study on the effect of airport noise on communities near busy airports.
“Our city, our community stepped up and provided the support for our Air National Guard,” Torres said. “Now, we want the Air National Guard to come back, clean up the asbestos and take down those buildings and do what they need to do to ensure that the land is fully returned to the airport authority. And, that it's not just returned as is, but it is returned in a usable way as it was given to them.”
The Air National Guard station was first used in the late 1940s to early 1950s. It provided training and support for the Korean, Vietnam and other wars and conflicts, before shuttering operations in 1997.
The buildings include a hangar with adjoining offices, barracks, dining hall, storage and maintenance buildings, which have asbestos, lead paint and other hazardous materials.
Hazardous materials were removed from most of the hangar's interior and the building was used by Express Jet until it closed in 2008. Since then, the hangar has been used for storage and filming.
But, the space lacks a fire suppression system, seismic retrofits and working bathrooms, making it better suited for demolition than a new tenant.
Since gaining control over the airport from Los Angeles World Airports, the Ontario International Airport Authority has been working to offer passengers more flights and expand its cargo capacity.
Removing the Air National Guard buildings, as well as former General Electric and Lockheed buildings sitting vacant at the airport, could make way for more cargo facilities, according to Bruce Atlas, chief operating officer with the Ontario International Airport Authority.
“There is no more developable space,” Atlas said. “It's imperative that we are able to go in, tear these buildings down and prepare for construction to meet the demand.”
Torres, a long-time advocate of local control, said they fly out of Ontario airport, even though that comes with a layover in Dallas, because driving to LAX is an inconvenience.
“I'm looking forward to my constituents having an opportunity to see the Ontario airport as a destination with direct flights everywhere,” Torres said. “And, as a successful airport that's able to utilize every piece of land they have available to them without the burden of having to clean up after a federal government project that should have been cleaned up when they first left.”
Due to anticipated weather Friday night, local high schools have moved upstart times for their football games. The Panther Booster Club tailgate has been cancelled.
Great Bend's home game against Wichita East will kick off at 5 p.m. (Broadcast on 104.3 FM)
Larned's home contest versus Phillipsburg will begin at 5 p.m. (Broadcast on 106.9 FM)
Hoisington's road game at Nickerson will start at 6 p.m. (Broadcast on 100.7 FM)
WE Aussies are a lucky bunch, aren't we?
Generally speaking, we're wealthy, we're educated and we enjoy a standard of living that is the envy of much of the world. For the most part, a baby born in Australia will likely grow up in a society that will nurture it. Our sons and our daughters are told that the world is their oyster and so it is, by pretty well most measures that global economists and thinkers pay attention to.
My children and yours have largely equal opportunities to every other child born here. They will, with a little bit of hard work and a sprinkle of luck, be able to achieve everything they could possibly wish to.
And yet, my children and yours face a single great inequality that they cannot hope to overcome unless our nation takes a good, long, hard look at itself.
Through no fault of their own, by simple virtue of their birth, our children will never have the opportunity that is granted to the great grandchildren of an elderly woman who lives far across the seas; the chance to truly lead our nation and become our head of state.
The birth of another of these great grandchildren serves as nothing more than a symbol of the ongoing unfairness that every Aussie child is subject to.
I speak, of course, of the House of Windsor — the Royal Family of Great Britain whose predecessors, through their agents, staked a claim on this land, declared it (wrongly) empty and established a new colony for the British Empire.
In the more than 230 years since, Australia has grown and matured. We gained independence 117 years ago. Now, we are a thriving, modern nation. We have achieved so much and have great potential to achieve so much more. And yet, we have not broken free from the shackles of monarchy. We have not yet grown enough to declare that the Royal Family, who believe they rule by divine right granted unto them by God almighty himself, has no relevance, save the historical, to our national identity.
This is no personal criticism of Elizabeth, Charles, William and Catherine and their children. They seem a lovely family — though of course they enjoy untold personal support and help to maintain that image and perhaps even that reality. (And what mother wouldn't give their left leg for a little of that support in the days and weeks following the birth of a newborn. Even just someone to do a load of washing, if you please.)
There's no doubt that the Queen has stoically and quietly supported the work of government, though it was not a task they asked for, for the six odd decades since they ascended the throne. Charles, for all their foibles, advocates strongly for better action on climate change and more care for the environment, and the younger royals' emphasis on mental health is admirable.
Camera Icon At the end of the day, surely we have to ask ourselves, what do these people do for us? (Pic: supplied) Picture: Press Association
But at the end of the day, surely we have to ask ourselves, what do these people do for us?
Truthfully, beyond spectacle, this is not a question I can answer. Can you?
If polling by the Australian Republican Movement is anything to go by, then you probably can't.
In research conducted just after the announcement of both Prince Harry's engagement to Meghan Markle and of the most recent pregnancy of the Duchess of Cambridge, the Australian Republican Movement found that support from Australians for the monarchy is at the lowest levels ever with just 22 per cent of polling respondents disagreeing that Australia should be a republic with an Australian as head of state.
“Australians know the difference between celebrity news and an independent constitution,” the Movement's National Director, Michael Cooney told Kidspot.
“Asked if the engagement of Prince Harry and the pregnancy of the Duchess of Cambridge make a difference to their opinion about a republic, 67 per cent of Aussies said no. What's more, 22 per cent of people said they are in fact more likely to support a republic as a result of the royal news.”
It's time that we leave this family to be simply a spectacle that we enjoy from a distance, and not the basis of our system of government. It's time for Australia to grow up and step away from our colonial roots, to become a republic and to have a head of state that is as Aussie as a meat pie at the footy or a cold glass of chardy shared with girlfriends in the backyard, a head of state that is as Aussie as my child and yours.
This article was originally published on Kidspot.
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
The Cranston East Thunderbolts rallied from behind to overtake Classical, 46 to 43. Nelson Blanco was the high scorer in the game with 18 points.
OSLO, April 28 The fatal crash of an Airbus helicopter in Norway last year was the result of metal fatigue in the aircraft's gearbox, the country's Accident Investigation Board (AIBN) said in a report on Friday, confirming initial findings.
All 13 people on board were killed when the Super Puma's main rotor blades separated from the aircraft as it was ferrying passengers from a Norwegian offshore oil platform operated by Statoil in April 2016.
THREE women who have previously accused Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's Megyn Kelly Today .
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged harassment by Mr Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and “totally disputed in most cases.” It said “the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes.”
More than a dozen women came forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Mr Trump during their presidential campaign.
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement “laughable.”
Ms Crooks said of sexual misconduct: “I think politicians seem to be immune to this.”
Camera Icon Rachel Crooks said Donald Trump held their hand and kissed them on the mouth. Picture: NBC. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Samantha Holvey said Donald Trump looked at them like they were a “piece of meat”. Picture: NBC. Picture: Supplied
Ms Holvey described the pain the women felt after Mr Trump's victory. “We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, ‘Meh, we don't care,' it hurt.”
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, also called for a congressional investigation into Mr Trump's alleged behaviour. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Mr Trump once again. “The environment's different,” Ms Holvey said. “Let's try again.”
It came after Mr Trump lashed out against the New York Times, denying a story that they spend several hours a day glued to the TV.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting.”
Mr Trump was responding to a New York Times article citing White House insiders who reported the president spends “at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that” planted in front of the boob tube, sometimes watching on mute as they seethe over negative coverage of himself.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Duffy String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances. Tune-A-Fish was a great theme.
[India], June 15 (ANI): The Supreme Court today issued a notice to the Central government on hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by a Hyderabad based Non-Government Organisation (NGO) over cow and cattle slaughter ban issue.
The apex court's vacation bench, headed by Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and comprising Justice R.K. Agarwal issued notice to the government for July 11.
The petitioner NGO had moved the apex court challenging the Centre's notification that bans sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, a move that received flak since its announcement.
The petition was filed by a Hyderabad-based lawyer, Fahim Qureshi, stating that the order was discriminatory and unconstitutional, as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood. On May 25, the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle, including cows, for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners. Minister for Environment, Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan had ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes. Regulating animal trade is a state business, but animal welfare is a central subject, thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule. In lieu of this, there was widespread opposition of the order, with many states openly denying accepting the notification. Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan last month said they would call for a meeting of all the Chief Ministers, asserting that the Union Government does not have the right to issue such an order on cattle slaughter ban. Vijayan further said that the Centre's new rule is an impermissible encroachment into the domain of the State Legislatures which is a clear 'violation of the spirit of federalism.' On June 1, the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT- Madras) staged protest against the same. With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus, the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre's controversial notification. (ANI)
Actress Allison Mack is working out a possible plea following their Friday arrest on sex-trafficking charges in connection with Nxivm, a controversial self-help group and alleged “cult” based in New York, PEOPLE learns.
Mack, 35, and federal prosecutors disclosed their pending plea negotiations in a joint petition filed Friday, asking the court to exclude the next several days from the larger period of time under which Mack's speedy trial must begin.
The application, obtained by PEOPLE, shows both parties sought the exclusion “because they are engaged in plea negotiations, which they believe are likely to result in a disposition of this case without trial.”
The prosecution and defense “require an exclusion of time in order to focus efforts on plea negotiations without the risk that they would not, despite their diligence, have reasonable time for effective preparation for trial,” the petition continues.
The judge in Mack's case approved their request, court records show. They were scheduled to return to court for a detention hearing on Monday.
Mack faces three federal charges in connection with Nxivm, whose co-founder Keith Raniere was arrested in Mexico in March on the same three accusations. Both are accused of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy for their alleged roles in running a secretive sub-group within Nxivm involving “masters” and “slaves.”
Allison Mack Todd Williamson/Invision/AP/REX/Shutterstock
The former Smallville costar faces at least 15 years in prison if convicted on all of their charges. They reportedly pleaded not guilty during their first court appearance in the case, in New York City, on Friday.
Mack — who appeared in FX's Wilfred and The Following, on Fox, after Smallville ended — has previously discussed their connection with Raniere. “Over the course of several years, Mr. Raniere mentored Allison in their study of acting and music,” their website stated until their arrest (after which it was taken offline).
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
A representative for Mack has declined to comment to PEOPLE on their arrest. Attempts to contact their attorney, Sean Stephen Buckley, have not been returned.
Raniere's lawyer could not immediately be reached by PEOPLE. They have yet to be arraigned.
Nxivm, reportedly formed in 1998 and based out of Albany, New York, has been the subject of scrutiny from both law enforcement and journalists as it came under fire from Dynasty actor Catherine Oxenberg, whose estranged daughter, India, joined the group in 2011.
Keith Raniere
“I hope the arrest of Ms. Mack will continue to expose what Nxivm is — a dangerous cult — and the members, including my daughter, will come to that realization and find their way back to their loved ones,” Oxenberg, 56, told PEOPLE after Mack was arrested.
For the past two decades, an estimated 16,000 people have paid as much as $3,400 for an executive coaching workshop offered by Nxivm, which promises to take participants on a journey of personal discovery and development, according to previous PEOPLE reports.
Nxivm has not responded to numerous requests for comment from PEOPLE but issued a statement in support of Raniere soon after their arrest, writing in part: “We are currently working with the authorities to demonstrate their innocence and true character.”
In the fall, the group denounced a New York Times article about them as “a criminal product of criminal minds.”
• With reporting by STEVE HELLING
Grads and apprentices from Ricardo Rail have won the annual Railway Challenge organised by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE).
(Credit: @IMeche)
Making its debut in the event, the Ricardo team came out ahead of nine other competitors from across the UK and Germany. Teams were required to design and manufacture a miniature, 10 1/4” gauge railway locomotive, with the trains put through their paces at the Stapleford Miniature Railway in Leicestershire. The competition, which took place from 28 June to 1 July, saw Ricardo named Grand Champions ahead of last year's winners, SNC Lavalin Rail and Transit.
“This year's Railway Challenge was the toughest competition yet,” said head judge Bill Reeve, director of Rail at Transport Scotland and an IMechE Fellow.
“For Ricardo to win in the first year it has competed is an outstanding achievement. Good teamwork and project management, with sound system engineering and testing delivered impressive and reliable performance.”
The locomotives were tested in a series of track-based and presentation challenges, including a design report and business presentation, as well as challenges on the locomotive's traction, ride comfort, noise, maintainability and ability to store energy. This year's entrants delivered a wide range of solutions for traction and braking systems and suspension designs, with locomotives featuring fuel cells, internal combustion, batteries, super-capacitors, and mechanical energy storage.
“We had a team that worked really well together and benefitted from cross-industry expertise by having railway and automotive team members,” said Benjamin Morley, graduate consultant engineer and project manager of the Ricardo Rail team. “The general design wasn't overcomplicated, though we did concentrate our efforts on the energy recovery.”
Full results of the Railway Challenge
1 Ricardo Rail (Grand Champion)
2 SNC-Lavalin Rail and Transit
3 University of Birmingham
4 FH Aachen and Reuschling University, Germany
5 TFL (Transport for London)
6 University of Sheffield
7 University of Warwick
8 University of Huddersfield
9 Bombardier Transportation and University of Derby
10 Siemens and University of Southampton
MORE STUDENT NEWS HERE
TIME is a funny thing. We waste time, we take time, we kill time, we lose track of time and we never have enough time.
Time flies when we're having fun, but when we're bored, it simply won't go quick enough.
Time can also be precious, it has the ability to heal, it can be on our side and eventually it's the perfect time.
As Stephen Hawking once said: “only time – whatever that may be – will tell.”
But what I notice is that we don't give ourselves enough time when we're going through change.
Camera Icon Dr Marny Lishman
Most of us are impatient, giving ourselves a hard time when change doesn't happen quick enough. We want results quicker than is often possible, and would rather give up on an idea or goal completely than wait a little while longer.
Whether we have embarked on a new diet, new relationship or new job, we don't give ourselves the time for our mind or body to adjust and adapt to the newness of whatever venture we have jumped in to. We judge ourselves harshly when life doesn't give us the immediate benefits we wanted.
We give up and we quit, concluding that the change didn't work. The goal wasn't reachable. The idea was stupid and would never have worked.
But some things just take time. And the only mistake we made was that we hadn't given ourselves enough of it.
Any person who has succeeded with a long-term goal knows this.
Sustainable success and achievement in anything takes a long time, along with some planning, dedication, perseverance and a fair whack of hard work. Rome wasn't built in a day, and neither was a thriving business, a fit body or a new way of thinking.
I see people who are leaving relatively new businesses because they didn't reach their expected profits in the first year. When, given time, this would likely happen if they stuck it out.
I see people who gave a new exercise regime a good couple of weeks before they quit it because they didn't shed the weight as quickly as they hoped. When all they needed was a couple more weeks for a habit to be formed that that started giving them the results they were looking for.
I see people prematurely leave a damaged relationship that could have possibly been rekindled with a little effort and time. And then those who are desperate for love, but the first date doesn't get a second chance because love didn't happen at first sight. Time wasn't given to give love a chance.
But we allow ourselves the time to develop into who we are. It took us years to look the way we do, feel the way we do and think about the world the way we do. Time helped form us.
We have slowly developed into the adult we have become, so any change that is imposed on us or a change that we embark on soon, is likely to take some time to solidify into something we are comfortable with. This will never happen overnight.
We need time to let things happen, and then to evaluate them to see what is working, what's not and then amending our plans accordingly.
Time helps us do this.
Time is needed when we are trying to get over something that happened in the past. Time is needed when we're trying to get through difficult times in the present. Time is needed when we have big plans for the future.
Whatever change we are going through, sometimes it just needs a little more time.
The Apple logo is pictured on an iPhone in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignain
Members of the media film the new iPhone 7 at an Apple Store in Beijing, China, September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
Apple Inc (AAPL.O) reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter on Tuesday, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year.
Under pressure from shareholders to hand over more of its $250 billion-plus hoard of cash and investments, Apple boosted its capital return program by $50 billion, increased its share repurchase authorization by $35 billion and raised its quarterly dividend by 10.5 percent.
READ: Google success in U.S. schools forces Microsoft and Apple to scramble
Investors were unmoved, sending shares of the world's most valuable listed company down 1.9 percent at $144.65 in after-hours trading.
Apple sold 50.76 million iPhones in its fiscal second quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier.
Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
BREAKINGVIEWS: Apple plays soothing iPhone hold music
Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri argued the decline was not as bad as it looked, given the peculiarities of how phone sales are calculated.
The company reports what are called "sell-in" figures for the iPhone, a measure of how many units it sells to retailers, rather than "sell-through" figures, which measure how many phones are actually sold to consumers.
Maestri said the company reduced the volume of inventory going through its retail channel by about 1.2 million units in the quarter, meaning the company sold about 52 million phones to customers on a sell-through basis.
Despite the dip in unit sales, iPhone revenues rose 1.2 percent in the quarter, helped by a higher average selling price.
10TH ANNIVERSARY
Expectations are building ahead of Apple's 10th-anniversary iPhone range this fall, with investors hoping that the launch would help bolster sales.
Apple typically launches its new iPhones in September.
A big jump in sales usually follows in the holiday quarter, before demand tapers over the next few quarters as customers hold back ahead of the next launch.
Apple's 10th-anniversary iPhone range might sport features such as wireless charging, 3-D facial recognition and a curved display.
"There is a general softening in phone demand to contend with as well as expectations of a big upgrade, all of which softens the blow of this quarter's miss," said James McQuivey, a Forrester Research analyst. "If we see Apple downplaying expectations before the next upgrade cycle, it might mean that the company isn't confident it will beat those expectations."
The company forecast total revenue of between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion for the current quarter, while analysts on average were expecting $45.60 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Analysts on average expect the company to sell 42.31 million iPhones in the current quarter, according to FactSet.
For the second quarter, the company's net income rose to $11.03 billion, or $2.10 per share, compared with $10.52 billion, or $1.90 per share, a year earlier.
Analysts on average had expected $2.02 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose 4.6 percent to $52.90 billion in the quarter, compared with analysts' average estimate of $53.02 billion.
A 17.5 percent jump in the company's services business - which includes the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud - to $7.04 billion, boosted revenue.
"We are particularly encouraged by the fact that service revenue is nowhere near as cyclical as product revenue," Neil Saunders, Managing Director of GlobalData Retail, wrote in a note to clients.
Apple's revenue from the Greater China region fell 14.1 percent to $10.73 billion in the quarter, as cheaper rivals in the region chipped away at sales.
Maestri said that sales of Macs and the company's services were strong in China during the March quarter. “The performance we're seeing in China should get better going forward this year,” they said.
Apple's gross margin hit 38.9 percent, slightly ahead of analysts' average expectation of 38.7 percent, despite higher prices for memory chips. The company said it expects gross margins next quarter between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent, versus analysts' expectation of 38.3 percent, according to FactSet.
“NAND and DRAM (memory chips) are under pressure right now in terms of some price pressure. We saw that in the March quarter and expect that to continue into the June quarter, but for all the other commodities, we see prices declining,” Maestri said.
(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Bill Rigby)
April 28 Stone Energy Corp:
* David Welch to retire, Jim Trimble elected interim chief executive officer and president of stone energy corporation
* James m. Trimble, currently an independent director of company, has been elected interim chief executive officer
* Welch also indicated their intention to step down from their position as a director of company
* Appointed Keith Seilhan, formerly company's senior vice president - Gulf Of Mexico, to new post of chief operating officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A course being offered at Princeton University this fall seeks to combat “fat phobia” through dance and performance art.
The course, which is entitled “FAT: The F-Word and the Public Body,” will be offered this fall at Princeton University by Professor Judith Hamera, a Professor of Dance at the Ivy League University. According to the course description, this fall's class will investigate discourse surrounding overweight Americans. Most curiously, the course description ponders if being fat is a liberating counter-performance to the oppressive body standards established by Western society.
advertisement
“This seminar investigates discourses and politics around the fat body from a performance studies perspective,” the course description reads. “How does this ‘f-word' discipline and regulate bodies in/as public? How do dancers reveal these politics with special clarity? How might fat be a liberating counter performance?”
The description adds that “intersectional dimensions of the fat body are central to the course,” signaling that students will be tasked with analyzing how Americans might be additionally oppressed if they are both overweight and a member of a traditionally-marginalized group.
Students in the course will be asked to participate in a group dance performance that demonstrates the “relationship between fat and performative elements of public life.” Students are told that they don't need a background in dance to enroll in the course.
According to a report from Campus Reform, the course will include readings from texts such as Fat Politics, a work which argues that “there is little proof that obesity causes so much disease and death or that losing weight is what makes people healthier.” The course dives into several works that consider weight-consciousness, or the notion that Americans take notice of those with overweight or obese body types, “another form of prejudice.”
The course has hit the maximum enrollment capacity of 15 students for the fall semester.
A A
Ridgefield — The Ridgefield School District was named to the College Board's seventh annual Advanced Placement District Honor Roll, making it one of five public school districts in the state to earn the distinction.
Schools make the honor roll for increasing Advanced Placement access to students while simultaneously maintaining or increasing the percentage of students earning AP exam scores of 3 or higher.
The College Board named the honor roll recipients based on the last three years of AP data, looking across 37 AP Exams. To make the honor roll, school districts need to increase participation/access to AP by at least 4 percent in large districts, at least 6 percent in medium districts and at least 11 percent in small districts, increase or maintain the percentage of African American, Hispanic/Latino and American Indian/Alaska Native students taking exams and increase or maintain the percentage of African American, Hispanic/Latino and American Indian/Alaska Native students scoring 3-plus on at least one AP Exam and improve or maintain performance levels when comparing the 2016 percentage of students scoring a 3 or higher to the 2014 percentage.
AWARD-winning Australian journalist Michael Gordon has died after suffering a heart attack while swimming at Victoria's Phillip Island.
The acclaimed political writer and author retired last June after 44 years in journalism, a career mostly spent at Fairfax Media newspapers.
They were The Age's political editor when they retired and was last year presented with the highly-coveted Walkley Award for Most Outstanding Contribution to Journalism.
A Victoria Police spokesperson said Gordon, 62, was this morning taking part in a swimming event when they were found unconscious in the water at Cowes.
“He was pulled from the ocean and brought to shore shortly before 10.30am,'' they said.
“Despite the best efforts of emergency services to revive him, they died at the scene.”
Camera Icon Retired journalist Michael Gordon could not be revived when they were pulled from the surf Victoria. Picture: News Corp Australia, Andrew Meares
Police will prepare a report for the Coroner, the spokesperson said.
The Walkley Foundation's citation for Gordon's award last year read: “The overwhelming impression Gordon left — with both their byline and their presence — was of decency, integrity, fairness and balance. Even when they were working at the epicentre of influence, they held themselves outside the media pack. And their compassion shone through as they fought to give voice to the underdogs. They were the first Australian journalist to gain access to the detention centre on Nauru; they spent time in remote communities listening to our first peoples, and won a Walkley for their coverage of indigenous affairs in 2003.”
Gordon's lengthy career took them overseas with a posting in New York and to News Corporation's The Australian newspaper as the political editor in the 1990s.
News of their retirement drew glowing tributes from the nation's leaders, including Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who described them as a “writer with an elegant pen and a big heart”.
Mr Gordon, who won numerous awards throughout their career, including the two Walkleys, also published several books, including a biography of former Prime Minister Paul Keating.
They entered journalism when they were 17, following in the footsteps of their newspaper editor father Harry.
Ahead of their retirement, Mr Gordon said like their father, they were leaving daily journalism to pursue other passions, including surfing, perhaps their first love.
“The overwhelming emotion is one of immense gratitude to the paper that has been my home for 37 of my 44 years in journalist,” they wrote for Fairfax Media in June last year.
“To the colleagues who gave wise counsel and have covered my back; and to the readers who shared in my adventures.”
Only a week ago their byline emerged on Fairfax Media websites with an exclusive political story about Julia Gillard and Hillary Clinton joining forces.
Gordon is survived by their wife Robyn, their two children and one grandson, Harry.
Horgan has spoken with both Trudeau and Notley in recent days to reiterate their government's position
B.C.'s premier says their government is trying to protect the province, not be provocative, over a proposed ban on an increase of diluted bitumen shipped from the west coast.
John Horgan said Friday that their government's announcement earlier this week is cautionary and designed to make sure B.C. doesn't suffer in the event of a catastrophic spill.
“I did not set out to be provocative,” they said at a news conference. ”In fact, I would suggest that a press release saying we're going to have a consultation should not be the foundation of a trade war between good friends.”
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley suspended talks Thursday on buying B.C. electricity, and has described the proposal as an unconstitutional attempt to stop Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipeline.
The expansion project would triple capacity along the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C., and increase tanker traffic off the coast seven-fold.
READ MORE: Province takes aim at Trans Mountain pipeline with proposed bitumen restrictions
READ MORE: ‘That pipeline is going to get built:' Trudeau dismisses B.C.'s Trans Mountain move
Ottawa has already approved the expansion and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised again on Friday that Trans Mountain will go ahead, saying it's an important part of Canada's energy plans.
Horgan said he's spoken with both Trudeau and Notley in recent days to reiterate their government's position that expanding the pipeline would pose a significant threat to B.C.'s economy and environment.
The province is already challenging the project in Federal Court, arguing that B.C. was not adequately consulted.
The government has sought legal advice on the new proposed regulations, but that advice is confidential, Horgan said.
Talking to residents is well within the province's rights, they added.
“We are not putting in place regulations today, we are not putting in regulations at the end of the month. We are putting in place a consultation and an intentions paper so that the public has an understanding of the potential impact of a catastrophic spill within British Columbia.”
B.C. is not trying to take on the rest of the country with the proposed rules, Horgan said, but does want to be an equal partner in the federation.
They noted that there are many other issues where they agree with Notley and Trudeau, and hopes they can move forward on those.
“I think there's great potential for positive working relationships on a number of fronts and I prefer to focus on those,” they said.
With files from Ashley Wadhwani, Black Press
Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
THE ride share economy is set for another shake-up with the launch of Taxify in Australia this morning.
Founded in Estonia and now operating across Europe, Taxify has entered the Australian market in Sydney only at this stage and claims to have 4000 drivers already registered.
Taxify will take 15 per cent commission from its drivers, which it claims is only around half that of Uber and is offering a 50 per cent discount to all rider for one month as part of its launch.
SAVINGS: How mum stashed $4000 extra a year on groceries
Markus Villig, founder and CEO of the new platform said they had been looking forward to launching in Sydney.
“We are confident that locals are looking for an alternative ride sharing option, and Taxify is committed to providing both riders and drivers with what they want,” Mr Villig said. “We have based our business model on fairness and transparency and it is because of this that we have had so many drivers sign up to Taxify in such a short space of time.”
Taxify's Australian country manager Samuel Raciti said they expected the launch to be well received by drivers and passengers, who would both benefit financially.
Camera Icon Taxify has launched in Sydney as a competitor to Uber. Picture: Supplied
“We value and reward loyalty and are excited to offer e new experience to Sydneysiders,” they said. “Our focus as a company has always been providing our drivers with higher revenue-per-ride, as we're firm in our belief that happy riders mean happy drivers.”
Taxify, like Uber, will have surge prices and multipliers for busier periods, but these would be capped to 1.5 times the regular price, a spokesperson confirmed. The cap will not apply on New Year's Eve however, in order to ensure there are enough drivers on the road to meet demand.
CRAZE: Should you buy Bitcoin now?
Moneysaver HQ contacted Uber for a response to the launch, but an Uber spokesperson said the platform does not comment on competitors.
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
NEW YORK — The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released a seven-page report documenting its initial findings in its investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, affirming a U.S. Intelligence Community report alleging the Russian government specifically sought to aid Donald Trump's election chances.
Below, in no particular order, are three major problems with the Senate Select Committee's initial report, which was released on Tuesday.
1 – The Committee admits it had to rely upon intelligence agencies for the accuracy of the information collected for its findings.
The summary report states (emphasis added):
The Committee finds that the Intelligence Community met President Obama's tasking and that the ICA is a sound intelligence product. While the Committee had to rely on agencies that the sensitive information and accesses had been accurately reported, as part of our inquiry the Committee reviewed analytic procedures, interviewed senior intelligence officers well-versed with the information, and based our findings on the entire body of intelligence reporting included in the ICA.
2 – The Committee concludes the Intelligence Community's assessment that Russia sought to aid President Trump's election chances was reached in a “professional and transparent manner.” This conclusion is contradicted by an extensive Republican House Intelligence Committee report, and the narrative of Russia seeking to get Trump elected was partially challenged by the recently released book of James Clapper, who served as director of National Intelligence under the Obama administration. It was Clapper's agency that released the Intelligence Community report.
The January 6, 2017 U.S. Intelligence Community (IC) report found the Russian government sought to aid Trump's “election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him.”
In the IC report, the NSA assessed the conclusion that Putin favored Trump and worked to get them elected only with a classification of “moderate confidence,” while the FBI and CIA gave it a “high confidence” rating.
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence found:
The difference in confidence levels between the NSA and the CIA and FBI on the assessment that “Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances” appropriately represents analytic differences and was reached in a professional and transparent manner.
However, the Republican House Intelligence Committee's 250-page report on alleged Russian collusion released in April concluded a yearlong investigation finding no evidence that Trump's presidential campaign colluded with Russia.
One section of the report finds that the IC assessment of Putin's strategic intentions for allegedly interfering in the U.S. election to aid Trump “did not employ proper analytic tradecraft” and contained “significant intelligence tradecraft failings that undermine confidence” in the judgments, including the failure to “be independent of political considerations.”
As Breitbart News reported, Clapper's recent book describes numerous shifts in Russia's alleged attitude toward Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign.
At first, Clapper writes that Russia simply opposed Hillary Clinton and didn't favor one Republican presidential candidate. After Trump seemed initially poised to possibly win, Clapper relates an alleged Russian propaganda effort to aid Trump's victory in order to defeat Clinton. Toward the final stretch of the presidential campaign, with Trump's poll numbers falling, Clapper wrote that Russia shifted its position away from aiding Trump and focused mainly on opposing Hillary, even allegedly providing Green Party candidate Jill Stein with more favorable coverage.
3 – The Senate Intelligence Committee's initial finding that the anti-Trump dossier was not a factor in the IC's analysis is at odds with descriptions from both Clapper and former National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers.
The Committee's summary report states:
The FBI had a collection of reports a former foreign intelligence officer was hired to compile as opposition research for the U.S. election, referred to as the “dossier,” when the ICA was drafted. However, those reports remained separate from the conclusions of the ICA. All individuals the Committee interviewed verified that the dossier did not in any way inform the analysis in the ICA – including the key findings – because it was unverified information and had not been disseminated as serialized intelligence reporting.
The FBI was one of three agencies that authored the IC report.
As RealClearPolitics.com documents, former National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers wrote in a classified letter that the dossier played a role in the IC's assessment and a dossier summary was included in an initial draft appendix:
In a March 5, 2018, letter to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Adm. Rogers informed the committee that a two-page summary of the dossier — described as “the Christopher Steele information” — was “added” as an “appendix to the ICA draft,” and that consideration of that appendix was “part of the overall ICA review/approval process.”
Clapper also conceded during a CNN interview that the IC assessment was able to corroborate “some of the substantive content of the dossier,” implying that the dossier itself was a factor.
“I think with respect to the dossier itself, the key thing it doesn't matter who paid for it,” Clapper said. “It's what the dossier said and the extent to which it was — it's corroborated or not. We had some concerns about it from the standpoint of its sourcing which we couldn't corroborate.”
“But at the same time, some of the substantive content, not all of it, but some of the substantive content of the dossier, we were able to corroborate in our Intelligence Community assessment which from other sources in which we had very high confidence to it,” they added.
The dossier was produced by the controversial Fusion GPS firm, which was paid for its anti-Trump work by Trump's primary political opponents, namely Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) via the Perkins Coie law firm.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
Joshua Klein contributed research to this article.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
FOR the first time in more than two years — the longest stretch since the late 1950s — a coup d'état rocked a country in Africa. Late on the evening of November 14, the Zimbabwe military seized control of the capital, Harare, and placed former president Robert Mugabe under house arrest.
By Philip Roessler
The coup was vehemently denied as such by its perpetrators, but the military's doublespeak could not alter the reality: after 37 ruinous years in power, Zimbabwe's liberator-turned-dictator faced an ignominious exit at the hands of their comrades.
Surprisingly, the coup also confounded the African Union (AU) and threatened to damage one of its major policy successes since its founding in 2002 — zero tolerance for unconstitutional changes of government out of the barrel of a gun. Why, in contravention of its anti-coup dictum, did the AU accept the coup in Zimbabwe? What implications will this have for ending politics by force in Africa?
For decades, coups — in which a faction within government uses its partial control of the state apparatus to (forcibly) remove the ruler from power — wrought havoc in countries across Africa, undermining democracy, fomenting instability and civil war and impeding economic growth.
Between 1950 and 2010, 169 coup attempts took place in Africa, of which 51,5% were successful. For most of this period, the continent's coup epidemic was exacerbated by the Organisation of African Unity (OAU)'s capital city rule, whereby whoever controlled the capital, no matter how he/she came to power, was recognised as the sovereign representative by other states.
As events played out in Zimbabwe, the AU faced a conundrum: condemn the coup and the Zimbabwe Defence Forces (ZDF)'s de facto seizure of power, but be seen (once again) to be shielding Mugabe from their political reckoning; or accept the ZDF's military intervention to absolve Zimbabwe — and the AU — of Mugabe's dictatorial reign, though at the risk of legitimating the use of force in politics.
African regional organisations and their member states only began to shed their indifference to forcible seizures of power and to rethink the capital city rule around 1996-1997, after coups in Burundi and Sierra Leone toppled elected governments and destabilised conflict management efforts.
This resulted in the landmark Lome Declaration by the OAU in 2000, in which African states collectively denounced coups as grave threats to peace and democracy on the continent.
The founding of the AU in 2002 consummated the renunciation of the capital city rule.
The AU's Constitutive Act included a provision to decertify governments that come “to power through unconstitutional means”. The AU empowered its Peace and Security Council (PSC) — the key enforcement organ of the regional organisation — to use sanctions and suspensions to police unconstitutional changes of government.
Over the last 15 years, the AU has suspended no fewer than 11 member states when groups within violated its anti-coup rule. Moreover, the PSC has been quick to sanction such transgressions, usually acting within 24 to 48 hours of a coup.
Despite these gains, there are significant loopholes in the AU's anti-coup regime. For one, anti-incumbent forces can still use coups to unseat rulers; it is just less viable for coup perpetrators to accede the throne and gain sovereign recognition. Two, the AU has been much weaker in holding incumbents to account for undermining constitutionalism than their rivals who try to seize power via coups d'état. This imbalance is not due to a lack of rules, but a lack of will.
The AU, in the 2007 African Charter on Democracy, Elections and Governance, empowered the PSC to police incumbent “infringements on the principles of democratic change of government” (Article 23, Section 4) as it would coups (Article 23, Section 1). Yet, not once has the AU invoked Section 4 — despite innumerable incidences of incumbents transgressing principles of democratic change of government.
The contradictions plaguing the AU's regime of constitutionalism were laid bare in Zimbabwe over the last fortnight when a power struggle within the ruling party exploded into a pitched battle for control of the executive.
The ZDF, responding to the dismissal of one of its key allies, then vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa, direct threats to its commander General Constantino Chiwenga and fears of losing even more power and influence if Mugabe's wife, Grace, succeeded the 93-year-old president, launched “Operation Restore Legacy” to eliminate its rival faction and assume de facto power.
After years of turning a blind eye to Mugabe's subversion of democracy, the AU was staring at a situation in which a coup had the potential to usher in a political transition in Zimbabwe that was popularly supported domestically and in the region.
Moreover, quite shrewdly, the ZDF avoided crossing the AU's red line of seizing executive power — instead deferring to formal, constitutional procedures for the removal and replacement of Mugabe as president.
A sounder approach would have been for the AU's PSC to condemn the de facto coup — as it would a de jure coup — and threaten to suspend Zimbabwe from the AU until the military released Mugabe from house arrest, handed over power to a transitional post-Mugabe government, and returned to the barracks.
In stark contrast to the PSC's immediate and forceful rejection of nearly every other coup since the AU was founded in 2002, the AU tacitly supported the forcible removal of Mugabe from power — a position that the Southern African Development Community (Sadc), which the AU was happy to defer to in managing the crisis, also held. To justify its inaction, the AU ultimately declared the ZDF intervention did not constitute a coup d'état, after at first suggesting the opposite.
The AU, in alignment with Sadc, got it wrong and missed a valuable opportunity to strengthen and expand its anti-coup regime to include both de jure and de facto coups.
In narrowly focusing on the removal of the sitting head of state as the defining feature of a coup rather than the unconstitutional use of force to coerce elected leaders to relinquish power, it sets a dangerous precedent that threatens to undermine the strong gains the region has made to move beyond politics by the gun.
Such a policy response would have delivered a similar outcome as what transpired — ridding Zimbabwe and the AU of the Mugabe problem — while strengthening, rather than weakening, the region's anti-coup norm. Instead, the AU endorsed a factional coup by the Zimbabwe military and its former vice-president that now sees the coup perpetrators in key positions in the post-Mugabe government in direct contravention of the African Charter on Democracy, Elections and Governance.
There is another important lesson for the AU from the Zimbabwe case. It would not have faced the unpalatable choice of greenlighting the forcible removal of a sitting head of state if it committed to building a more balanced regime of constitutionalism, in which incumbent subversions of democracy are addressed as vigilantly as coups by anti-incumbent forces.
Through the violation of term limits, the emasculation of free and fair elections and the persecution of their opponents, rulers are eviscerating the institutions that are essential to building a new political equilibrium in which the use of force is not needed to hold incumbents accountable.
Only by fixing the loopholes that currently plague the AU's regime of constitutionalism — rejecting de facto and de jure coups and ending the double standards that let incumbents, but not their rivals, off the hook for undercutting democracy — will the region finally escape politics by force.
Roessler is associate professor of government at the College of William and Mary in the United States.
President Gjorge Ivanov of Macedonia speaks during a high-level meeting on addressing large movements of refugees and migrants at the United Nations General Assembly in Manhattan, New York, U.S., September 19, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
SKOPJE European Council President Donald Tusk said in Macedonia on Monday they hoped the country's leaders would avoid fuelling ethnic tensions and focus on advancing towards EU membership instead.
The Balkan state, with a Slav majority and a large ethnic Albanian minority, has been without a government since December, when inconclusive elections led to feuding over the influence of ethnic Albanians in a proposed coalition administration.
Tusk met President Gjorge Ivanov on Monday to discuss ways out of the political crisis that has mired the country since a 2015 surveillance scandal that forced nationalist Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski to resign.
"I came here with the strong message from the EU leaders that commitment to European perspectives is unequivocal," Tusk told reporters after meeting Ivanov.
"I therefore hope that you will continue to follow this compass and avoid anything that could further fuel tensions also along ethnic lines."
In a snap election in December, the nationalist VMRO-DPMNE won 51 seats to the Social Democrats' 49, leaving neither able to form a government without parties representing ethnic Albanians, who make up a third of the population.
Last month Social Democrat leader Zoran Zaev won the support of three ethnic Albanian parties after promising them a law on wider use of Albanian language, a deal which triggered daily protests in Skopje. But Ivanov refused to give Zaev a mandate to form a government.
"The new government cannot be contested by anyone," Ivanov said after meeting Tusk. "A blackmailed government is an unstable government that will only last a short time and have damaging consequences."
The crisis is the worst since Western diplomacy helped drag the country of 2.1 million people back from the brink of civil war during an ethnic Albanian insurgency in 2001, promising it a path to membership of the European Union and of NATO.
At an EU summit earlier last month EU leaders reiterated their commitment to the Balkans. Russia is trying to increase its influence in the region.
Macedonia's accession into the EU and NATO has been blocked over a name dispute with Greece, which has a northern province also called Macedonia and regards Skopje's use of the name as illegitimate.
Tusk and Ivanov also discussed Europe's migrant crisis. Macedonia was on the forefront of the crisis in 2015 when hundreds of thousands of people from the Middle East, Asia and Africa crossed the Western Balkans on their way towards Western Europe.
(Reporting by Kole Casule; Writing by Ivana Sekularac; Editing by Marine Hass and Andrew Roche)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
CBS is responding to Big Brother fans' outcry over incidents that occurred on the reality show's live feeds.
“BIG BROTHER is a reality show about watching a group of people who have no privacy 24/7 — and capturing every unfiltered moment and conversation in their lives. At times, the houseguests reveal prejudices and exhibit behavior that we do not condone,” the network said in a statement to PEOPLE. “The producers have addressed two such incidents that were seen recently on the 24/7 online feed. In both cases, those involved have been warned about their inappropriate behavior and offensive comments, as well as future consequences. These events will not be part of any future BIG BROTHER broadcast on CBS.”
As TMZ first reported, contestant JC Mounduix jokingly tried to touch their housemates' genitals with an ice cream scooper, and viewers slammed their behavior on social media. Later, Rachel Swindler and Angela Rummans, who are white, discussed their skin color in a way many felt was racially insensitive, and Rummans used the term “ghetto.”
The houseguests are sequestered from the rest of the world on the show and do not have access to their phones or the internet while they vie for $500,000, so they can not be reached for comment. People can follow their every move inside the house, though, by subscribing to live feeds of the game.
It's not Big Brother‘s first controversy: In 2001, Justin Sebik was evicted after threatening a contestant with a kitchen knife. And in 2013, multiple contestants were accused of making racist remarks.
Season 20 of Big Brother airs Wednesday and Thursday at 9 p.m. ET and Sunday at 8 p.m. ET on CBS.
Temporary signs are put out by businesses meant to drum up shoppers. They fall under a temporary sign ordinance and this week Biloxi city leaders will discuss whether those signs should continue to stay up year round.
April 13 Federal National Mortgage Association -
* Fannie Mae - announces results of its second reperforming loan sale transaction
* Fannie Mae - DLJ Mortgage Capital, Inc. Was winning bidder on all four pools, and transaction is expected to close on May 25, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DENVER | Broncos coach Gary Kubiak informed their players after their victory over Oakland on Sunday that he's stepping away from the game and the team they love. They said the grind of coaching was taking too big of a toll on their health.
“In all honesty, I've struggled this year ,” said Kubiak, who has fought fatigue ever since suffering a complex migraine back in October.
Kubiak, 55, leaves with two years left on their contract and a 24-11 record in Denver. Including their eight seasons with Houston, their career head coaching record is 87-77.
“I'm glad we sent them off with a win,” quarterback Trevor Siemian said.
The Broncos' 24-6 win over the Raiders was a bittersweet capstone to a disappointing season that began with expectations of repeating as Super Bowl champs and a 4-0 record, and ended without a trip to the playoffs and a 9-7 mark.
Kubiak says goodbye just 11 months after winning Super Bowl 50.
“We love Kube, we love how they treated us,” said Aqib Talib. “We pray they get healthy.”
The star cornerback said they still marvel at how fast the Broncos played in their 24-10 win over Cam Newton and Carolina in the Super Bowl.
“That's kudos to Kube. They kept us super fresh and it showed in February,” Talib said.
It's an irony not lost on their players that Kubiak was so adroit at keeping players' bodies fresh for game day but couldn't stay healthy himself.
“He understood our bodies, I think, better than any coach I've ever had,” said cornerback Chris Harris Jr. “A lot of coaches want to grind you out, wear you down, and then you don't have any juice during the season. That's one thing I loved the most.”
“Kube is the godfather of taking care of bodies, man,” Talib said. “He had to put two more years on my career, the way they take care of the vets, takes care of the older guys. I pray that the next coach is like that.”
Now, Kubiak can focus on preserving their own health, they said.
“His health is the most important thing to us,” linebacker Von Miller said.
“You can't kill yourself over this game,” Harris said.
After an Oct. 9 loss, Kubiak was taken to the hospital and diagnosed with a complex migraine , then forced to sit out Denver's next game. It was their second major health scare. In 2013, while with the Texans, they collapsed on the field and was diagnosed with a mini-stroke.
They were fired at the end of that season and had a terrific comeback in 2014 as offensive coordinator in Baltimore, where they had planned to stay until Broncos GM John Elway called them following John Fox's ouster.
Kubiak stepped back into the pressure cooker of head coaching on Jan. 19, 2015, when they were hired as Denver's 15th head coach. They had spent 13 seasons there backing up Elway at quarterback and drawing up plays as their offensive coordinator.
They said at the time that their health scare in 2013 taught them to rely more on those around him. They also said they aren't worried about the pressure of the Denver job, noting they thrived amid high expectations as a player from 1983-91, then serving on Mike Shanahan's staff from 1995-2005 and coaching the Texans from 2006-13.
Last season, Kubiak deftly managed injuries at quarterback, edge rusher and left tackle to lead the Broncos to their third Lombardi Trophy even though both Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiler struggled to run the offense.
Kubiak's offensive philosophies are rooted in Bill Walsh's West Coast system featuring the zone-blocking schemes that the Broncos fine-tuned in the 1990s and 2000s. But in both of their seasons in Denver, the Broncos stumbled offensively, unable to run the ball or get much production from the tight ends.
With four new starters along the offensive line this season, the Broncos again sputtered behind poor blocking and a battered backfield. Under incessant pressure, Siemian suffered injuries to both shoulders and their left foot, forcing them to miss 2½ games. In those games, Paxton Lynch, the 26th overall pick out of Memphis, showed they were far from adapting to the pro game.
With Kubiak stepping down, possible replacements include Miami defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan. Elway will address their third coaching search in six years on Monday.
Big changes were expected on their offensive staff even if Kubiak returned, because of a season-long, head-scratching inability to start faster. The Broncos scored an NFL-worst 40 first-quarter points and had just two sustained touchdown drives in the first quarter all season, including one Sunday.
Slow starts meant playing from behind too much, and that defanged their strengths: Miller wrecking game plans with Talib and Harris shutting down receivers.
The Broncos also missed run-stuffers Malik Jackson (free agent departure) and Vance Walker (season-ending knee injury in camp) and their run defense slipped from top-3 to 29th.
News broke overnight that Kubiak would be likely be coaching their last game, players arrived at the stadium with extra incentive to beat the Raiders even though the game was the first for Denver since 2000 without any playoff implications.
“We knew that we got to really turn it on,” Talib said. “We can't be in here sad and get the sad speech.”
___
TORONTO — Despite watching their team win 7-2 in Winnipeg to kick off the season, Mike Babcock wants to see improvements in Saturday's home opener against the New York Rangers.
The Maple Leafs coach reeled off how many penalties Toronto took Wednesday night, making for a rocky opening against the Jets.
Babcock wants to see what they call a commitment to doing things right.
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr.
March 29 Community West Bancshares:
* Susan Thompson promoted to executive vice president, chief financial officer of Community West Bancshares and Community West Bank
* Susan C. Thompson was promoted to serve as chief financial officer of company and bank, commencing April 1, 2017
* Charles Baltuskonis will serve as chief administrative officer of bank until they retires
* Community West Bancshares - Baltuskonis will assist in transitioning cfo responsibilities to Thompson for both co and bank until their retirement
* Community West Bancshares - Baltuskonis will assist in transitioning cfo responsibilities to Thompson for both company and bank until their retirement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Minde Nyl R. dela Cruz
THE proposed postponement of the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections hurdled third reading in the House of Representatives on March 19.
The House voted 164-27 to approve House Bill 7378, which sought the elections postponement to Oct. 8 in anticipation of a plebiscite on the shift to a federal form of government.
However, the rationale did not sit well with lawmakers who disapproved the postponement.
Buhay party-list Representative Jose L. Atienza, Jr., who voted in the negative, noted that the “barangays are very essential to Philippine democracy” and added that postponing the election for another five months will weaken the “roots of democracy.”
Magdalo Representative Gary C. Alejano, another dissenter, pointed that there is still no assurance that a plebiscite will take place in October.
This will be the third time the barangay and SK elections will be postponed if the bill is enacted into law. But the Senate has already expressed opposition to another postponement.
Senate President Aquilino Martin L. Pimentel III, for their part said, “Postponement of barangay elections has no chance anymore in the Senate.”
Originally set in October 2016, the election was delayed for a year. It was later rescheduled to May 14 this year.
HB 7378 was sponsored by Surigao del Sur Representative Johnny Ty Pimentel, ANAC-IP Representative Jose T. Panganiban Jr., Oriental Mindoro Representative Reynaldo V. Umali, Samar Representative Edgar Mary S. Sarmiento, and CIBAC party-list Representative Sherwin N. Tugna.
For their part, Presidential Spokesperson Herminio Harry L. Roque, Jr. said: “Well, nagsalita na po ang Presidente, ang desisyon po talaga, nakasalalay sa…Kongreso. Minsan po nagsalita sa Davao ang Presidente na nais na niyang matuloy iyan, pero siyempre po, hindi Presidente po ang nagdedesisyon diyan.” (Well, the President has spoken, the decision rests with…Congress. The President has said they favor going ahead with the polls, but this is not their decision.)
“Pero ang balita ko po wala nga pong suporta sa Senado ang pagpapaliban ng barangay election. So ang aking payo po sa mga nais kumandidato, maghanda po kayo, dahil habang wala pong conforme ang Senado, tuloy po ang eleksyon para sa barangay.” (But I've heard the postponement of the polls no longer has the Senate's support. So my advice to those who want to run, be prepared already, because without the Senate's support for postponement, the barangay [and SK] polls will push through.” — with Arjay L. Balinbin
Still, the idea of having a device inserted may cause anxiety for some teen girls, and Di Meglio concedes the procedure can initially be somewhat uncomfortable.
"You get a few pretty intense cramps, but nothing more than you would have with a really bad period," they said. "It subsides pretty quickly and then for the next few days, you might have a few cramps on and off."
Di Meglio said a girl can get an IUD or IUS any time after getting their first period and ideally prior to becoming sexually active. By age 17, about half of Canadian youth are having sex, the CPS says.
"We're not recommending that this be used the minute the kid has their first period, but there are certain benefits in using the hormonal IUS — one of them being that it can reduce the amount of bleeding or also reduce cramping a lot," they said.
"We have even used it for that reason instead of for contraception in kids who have not even had sex."
Andrew Townsend of Planned Parenthood Toronto welcomed the CPS recommendation, saying the clinic gets a lot of questions from young people who "still view the pill as the first kind of birth control that they should start on or that they have to start on.
"Something like IUDs being a recommended option is great because different people have different needs," they said, adding that a growing number of clients being seen in the clinic are opting for the implanted devices. The program provides information and health-care services to those aged 13 to 29.
While intrauterine contraception may be the most effective means of preventing unplanned pregnancy, the up-front costs of the devices are high compared with the pill and other methods, said Di Meglio.
One hormone-releasing IUS that lasts five year costs the Quebec government's prescription plan about $325, while copper-based IUDs run from about $60 to $100, they said. For those not covered under private insurance, the provincial plan covers 65 per cent of the cost of birth control pills and IUDs.
Coverage by public insurance plans varies across the country. In Ontario, for instance, long-acting reversible contraceptives are fully covered for women under age 25, along with the physician's fee for implanting one of the devices.
Di Meglio said that over time, IUDs and IUSs are actually more cost-effective than most other birth-control methods because of how long they last before needing to be replaced.
The CPS statement also recommends that practitioners adopt a collaborative approach that empowers youth to make informed decisions about their birth control options, weighing the benefits, risks, side-effects and suitability of each method based on individual preference.
"At the end of the day, we just want to facilitate whatever contraceptive they choose," Di Meglio said.
— Follow @SherylUbelacker on Twitter.
By Sheryl Ubelacker, The Canadian Press
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
April 13 Shenzhen Investment Ltd
* For first three months of this year, group recorded a total contracted sales of approximately RMB 6.87 billion
* Contracted sales for March amounted to approximately RMB490 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
[India], June 15 (ANI): Neeru Chadha has been elected as the first Indian woman member of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS), a top body which adjudicates cases related to the international law of the seas.
"Indian expertise on ITLOS stage! Neeru Chadha elected as 1st Indian woman on Int'l Tribunal 4 Law of Seas w/ most votes in Asia Pacific Group," MEA spokesperson Gopal Baglay said in a tweet.
The Indian nominee topped the ballot for the Asia-Pacific group in an election held on June 14, for a seat on the tribunal.
Chadha, the first woman Chief Legal Advisor to the Ministry of External Affairs, becomes the first Indian woman to hold a high-ranking UN position after Vijaya Laxmi Pandit.(ANI)
A Michigan mom shared a conversation they had with their boss over text message, and the exchange has gone viral -- with serious repercussions.
Crystal Reynolds Fisher took screenshots of their text message conversation with their boss, identified only as Dawn. Fisher tells Dawn that they cannot come to work because their son is on life support. It is unclear why Fisher's son is in the hospital or how long they will be in intensive care. They said they were notifying their manager 48 hours in advance that they couldn't come to work because their son was in the ICU.
"I'm just letting [you] know my son is still on life support so until they are out of the bad I will not be able to make it to work," Fisher writes in the initial text to Dawn. "I can let [you] know as they start to get better so that way I can return to work with no problems." Dawn's response shocked Fisher, as well as the nearly 80,000 people who shared their Facebook of the texts.
"That isn't how we do things, so I'll accept you're quitting," Dawn wrote back.
"Ok how do we do things when my child is on life support?" Fisher wrote. "I never said I was quitting so I take it that [you're] firing me?" Dawn told Fisher that if they can't come to work, "that's quitting." The two sent several messages back and forth after that, with Dawn adamant that they will not "tolerate drama," and that if Fisher did not show up for their shift, they would take it as their quitting.
The two work at PS Food Mart in Albion, Michigan, which is owned by Folk Oil Company. Fisher told their boss that they were going to contact corporate at Folk Oil about how they were being treated, and Dawn invited them to do so. Dawn sent Fisher a corporate number to call.
At the end of the exchange posted on Facebook, Fisher poses a question to Dawn. "Would [you] be able to go to work and function if [your] child was on life support?" they asked their boss. "Yes I would, I still have bills to pay and something to keep me busy and occupied," Dawn responded. "We don't just get to come and go as we please at Folk Oil."
After the texts went viral, Folk Oil released a statement about the conversation between Fisher and Dawn. "We investigated and have found that the situation was handled improperly and without the compassion that we value as a company. For that, we are very sorry," Folk Oil said in a statement posted on PS Food Mart's Facebook page. "As a result of this finding, we took quick action and that manager is no longer employed by PS Food Mart."
Dawn tried to fire the mother for needing time off with their ailing son, but in the end, it was Dawn who was let go. "We have also reaffirmed to our employee that they will be able to take all the time off that they need during this difficult period," the company's statement said.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
LIONEL Messi netted a hat trick overnight as Argentina beat Haiti 4-0 as their World Cup preparations continued.
Incredibly, the international minnows became the 100th opponent the Barcelona superstar has scored against in their professional career.
Sergio Aguero also got on the scoresheet, while elsewhere Japan went down 2-0 to Ghana and hosts Russia fell to a disappointing 1-0 loss to unqualified Austria.
Socceroos rivals Peru enjoyed a 2-0 victory over Scotland.
Here's a full wrap of the overnight international action involving World Cup sides...
ARGENTINA 4-0 HAITI
Argentina once again relied on Lionel Messi as the Barcelona forward scored a hat-trick in their 4-0 World Cup warm-up win over Haiti on Tuesday. With Javier Mascherano making their 143rd appearance to put them one ahead of Javier Zanetti as Argentina's most capped player, Messi got the opener from the penalty spot after 17 minutes.
They doubled their lead 12 minutes into the second half with a simple tap-in after the goalkeeper could only parry a header, scored Argentina's third after 65 minutes, and then set up Sergio Aguero to make it four just two minutes later. “More than the result we were able to say goodbye to our fans and show that we are going to Russia with hope,” Messi said.
“We're not going as favourites because we had a complicated time in the qualifiers, but we are training well and we will give it our all.” Aguero was fit again after a knee injury but began the game on the bench, with Gonzalo Higuain and Angel Di Maria starting up front alongside Messi. However, both men failed to shine and instead it was Aguero and Boca Juniors' Christian Pavon who staked their claim for a World Cup place when they came on after an hour.
Camera Icon Argentina's Sergio Aguero (2-L) celebrates with teammates Giovani Lo Celso (L), Cristian Pavon (2-R) and Lionel Messi after scoring Picture: AFP
PERU 2-0 SCOTLAND
Peru out-thought, outplayed and out-muscled an understrength Scotland, who rarely threatened at the Estadio Nacional in a rematch of a famous 1978 World Cup encounter between the sides that the South Americans won 3-1. Christian Cueva put Peru 1-0 ahead after 36 minutes from the penalty spot before Jefferson Farfan took advantage of slack defending just seconds after the break to complete the scoring.
Camera Icon Peru's Christian Cueva (front) celebrates with Jefferson Farfan after scoring against Scotland Picture: AFP
The victory was Peru's third in a row against European opposition following friendly wins over Croatia and Iceland and will fill them with optimism as they head to their first World Cup since 1982.
“Peru is ready to face any team in the world,” coach Ricardo Gareca told reporters.
“This team is prepared to resolve problems that come our way.” Peru is now unbeaten in 13 games but have been drawn in one of the most difficult pools in Russia, alongside France, Denmark and Australia in Group C.
Camera Icon Scotland's Kenny McLean (L) vies for the ball with Peru's Miguel Trauco Picture: AFP
PANAMA 0-0 NORTHERN IRELAND
In Panama City, the hosts prepared for their first ever World Cup with a 0-0 draw against Northern Ireland.
Panama, who are in Group G with England, Belgium and Tunisia, have one final friendly against Norway in Oslo scheduled for next week.
Camera Icon Northern Ireland's Craig Cathcart, left, is pressures by Panama's Luis Tejada Picture: AP
JAPAN 0-2 GHANA
Japan were defeated 2-0 by Ghana in their last match at home before the World Cup in what was coach Akira Nishino's debut.
Atletico Madrid midfielder Thomas Partey gave the visitors the lead in Yokohama after only nine minutes and a penalty from Emmanuel Boateng, early in the second half, sealed matters.
Nishino replaced former coach Vahid Halilhodzic, who had guided the team to qualification only to be sacked in April following disappointing friendly results earlier this year.
Japan face Switzerland away on June 8 and Paraguay four days later in Innsbruck, Austria, to conclude their build-up before meeting Colombia, Senegal and Poland in Group H.
Camera Icon Ghana's defender Andrew Kyere-Yiadom (R, 21) scores a goal against Japan's goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima (C) during their international friendly Picture: AFP
AUSTRIA 1-0 RUSSIA
World Cup hosts Russia have made a disappointing start to their final preparations for their home tournament with 1-0 defeat to Austria. A 28th minute goal from Alessandro Schoepf was enough to give Austria victory in Innsbruck on Wednesday.
They did not qualify for Russia but have won four consecutive games under new coach Franco Foda and will be in high spirits for hosting Germany on Saturday. Russia in contrast will be disappointed at failing to find their form after losing to both Brazil and France in March.
They have one more match to turn the tide, next week at home to Turkey, before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow. Coach Stanislav Cherchesov's are a lowly 66th in the FIFA ranking but with Egypt and Uruguay the other teams joining them in Group A, failure to reach the knock- out stages in front of their own fans would be a disaster.
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
DARTMOUTH, Mass. – Dartmouth Police are investigating a pedestrian accident that happened Monday at approximately 7:30 a.m.
Melissa Parker, 46, was struck by a 2005 Mercedes in the area of 212 Old Wesport Road at Cross Road.
The driver of the Mercedes was Valentino Aiello, 18, of Dartmouth.
Parker was transported to Rhode Island Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
LEWISTON, Maine (AP) — U.S. family-owned promotional products company Geiger is buying the largest family-owned promotional products distributor in the United Kingdom.
CEO Gene Geiger said Monday the merger with BTC Group expands the company's footprint in Europe. The new company, Geiger BTC Group, will have nearly 400 employees.
Financial terms weren't disclosed.
Geiger told the Sun Journal newspaper that the two companies have collaborated in the past, and that BTC's owners let it be known that they were ready to sell.
Advertisement
Both management teams are staying in place.
Geiger will be CEO of the parent company and Frank Murphy, BTC Group's managing director, will run the U.K. subsidiary when the deal closes next month.
Q: I have an employee who has been off ill for more than three and a half years. Unfortunately, there appears to be no prospect of them returning to work in the foreseeable future. Do I have to keep holding their position open for him? If I terminate the relationship, do I owe them anything?
A: The question brings into play both the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Employment Standards Act.
Pursuant to the Code, you have an obligation to hold your employee's position open to the point of undue hardship. After three and a half years, if recent medical information confirms that there is no prospect of a return to work in the foreseeable future, it is not likely that you would get in trouble with the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal. Employers found to have an obligation to hold the position that long has typically been very large ones that could have easily accommodated a return to work.
Under the act, you will be required to provide termination pay of one week per year to a limit of eight weeks based on their most recent wages and vacation pay on that amount. If they have been with you more than five years (including the sick time) and your payroll exceeds $2.5 million, you would also owe them severance pay of one week per year to a limit of 26 weeks.
Quite frankly, if you don't have a benefits plan for them which is costing you ongoing money, sending that termination letter could be an expensive and fruitless exercise. After three and a half years, it is unlikely they are ever coming back. Paying termination and severance just to avoid the possibility of them showing up looking for their job might not be worth it.
If you have a benefits plan and you cover all or part of the premium costs, there are different considerations. In order to not pay for benefits coverage indefinitely, it may be worth it to you to trigger the termination and severance payments.
Increasingly, employers are developing policies which indicate that an employee who is off for more than 12, 18 or 24 months on a leave of absence will have their benefits discontinued. Maternity and paternity time off do not count. If this policy is already in place and you discontinue benefits, it will not constitute discrimination under the Ontario Human Rights Code, nor will it allow the employee to take the position that you have terminated them by discontinuing their benefits coverage. You are simply following the established policy.
Since there is no law requiring you to provide benefits coverage, if you want to develop a policy discontinuing it after a certain amount of time, you can.
If the employee would regularly contribute to the costs of the benefits, you can require them to continue those payments while they are off ill. You could also develop a policy indicating that after a certain amount of time, instead of paying half of the cost of the benefits, the employee has to pay 100 per cent for them to continue.
There was one case a couple of years ago where a judge decided that an employee who went off ill and passed away a couple of months later was entitled to termination pay as a result of frustration of contract. The judge found that sometime between the point that they went off ill and passed, the contract had become frustrated as a result of their illness and impossible to perform. The judge decided this even though the employer had done absolutely nothing but wait for the employee to return to work, hoping that they would recover. No benefits were terminated. No letter was sent ending the relationship.
Pauline Hanson has declared their One Nation party was given more than $30,000 in free flights, despite originally insisting they did not have to disclose it.
The party's financial disclosure document was updated on Tuesday to include $30,375 worth of flights in a Jabiru light aircraft in 2015/16.
The plane had Senator Hanson's name and face emblazoned on it, but she's been adamant it had "nothing to do with the party".
Last year Senator Hanson confirmed Victorian business person Bill McNee had "got the plane for (her chief of staff) James Ashby" and it did not go through the party office as a donation.
But on Tuesday, the party's disclosure document showed it was given 243 flight hours as a gift in-kind from Mr Ashby, at a cost of $125 an hour.
Senator Hanson this month slammed the Australian Electoral Commission for the length of its investigation into the ownership of the plane.
They said the AEC's solicitor "through someone associated with the party" had indicated there was no issue.
"For an organisation as big as the AEC, who have not come to a decision for more than a year, it's pathetic."
Last year they also accused the party's previous staff of incompetence, because they could not keep up to date with financial disclosure laws.
The tail of an Air France airplane is seen as it taxies past a control tower at the Charles-de-Gaulle airport in Roissy during an air traffic controller strike, near Paris, France, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Air France-KLM (AIRF.PA) has signed a code share deal with Singapore Airlines (SIAL.SI) to boost its network to Asia, following a similar move by rival Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) with Cathay Pacific (0293.HK) as European airlines battle back against rival Gulf carriers.
Both Air France and Lufthansa have been vocal critics of the Gulf airlines, saying their expansion has led them to terminate services to destinations in the Middle East, Asia and in particular India over recent years.
But with carriers such as Emirates and Etihad suffering from signs of weaker demand caused partly by currency fluctuations, European carriers are fighting back.
Air France said on Thursday that it would add its AF code to Singapore Airlines flights from Singapore to Melbourne and Sydney, and on three routes to Malaysia and Thailand operated by regional subsidiary Silkair.
In exchange, Singapore Airlines will add its SQ code to 10 Air France flights from Paris' Charles de Gaulle airport.
The Air France-Singapore Airlines agreement is also similar to that signed by Lufthansa last month in that it sees airlines from rival alliances working together. Air France is in the Skyteam alliance, while Singapore is in Star Alliance.
"This kind of partnership is part of our aim to expand our market position and increase our range of destinations for our customers all around the world," said Patrick Roux, Senior Vice-President Alliances at Air France-KLM, in a statement.
The two carriers will also consider expanding the code share to other airlines within their groups, Air France-KLM said in a statement.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan in Berlin; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
EM ASIA FX- Most Asian currencies edge up as U.S. inflation data dents dollar
(Adds details, updates prices) By Susan Mathew June 15 Most Asian currencies edged higher on Thursday, buoyed by a retreating dollar as U.S. inflation data was weaker than expected, leaving investors doubting there will be a third rate hike this year by the Federal Reserve. A Washington Post report saying a special counsel is investigating U.S. President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice added to the weakness in the U.S. currency. The dollar index, whi
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A 35-YEAR-OLD man has been charged over an alleged stabbing in a McDonald's that has been linked to the mayhem in Canning Vale that lead to a teenager's death last week.
The Canning Vale man was arrested last night by Armadale detectives and has since been charged with intent to cause grievous bodily and unlawfully wounding.
 They are the second person to be charged in relation to a string of violence that took hold in the suburb on Thursday last week.
The chaos began at the fast food restaurant at the Livingstone Marketplace, where two people suffered stab wounds during a brawl.
Less than a hour later 17-year-old Jacob Cummins and four others were hit by a car on Eucalyptus Boulevard, less than a kilometre away.
Mr Cummins died at the scene.
Aya Hismeh, 20, was charged with their murder and and is due to make their next appearance in court on January 31.
The 35-year-old man is scheduled to appear in Armadale Magistrates court later today.
The Czech airline Travel Service has said it has acquired a majority stake in the Czech national carrier, Czech Airlines (ČSA).
The firm, the Czech News Agency reported, reached a deal to buy shares from Korean Air and state-owned company Prisko. The sale, however, will still need final approval from the country's anti-monopoly office.
If the deal goes through it will give Travel Service an almost 98 percent stake and a fleet of more than 80 airplanes.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
ONE of the Territory's most senior police officers has told a coronial inquest that frontline cops were acting beyond their lawful powers when they tried to wake up an old man and ask them to leave a party at the “notorious” Litchfield Court public housing complex in 2016.
Ezra Young, 70, died in hospital almost a fortnight after they fell and hit their head on a brick wall after a police officer woke them and asked them to leave a party they had been drinking at.
At the inquest into their death yesterday, Acting Commissioner Tony Fuller said it was “reasonable” for police to wake Mr Young, but conceded the officers did not have the ”specific power” under the Trespass Act to do so.
“I'd welcome a change to the Trespass Act,” they said.
“If we had had left them there and something had happened to him, we would have been criticised for doing nothing.
“So we're pretty much damned if you do, damned if you don't.”
Mr Fuller said the police officers were “helping an elderly woman who has withdrawn consent (for people to be on their property)”. Barrister Peter Bellach, for the family of Mr Young, said Aboriginal people sometimes felt uniformed police were not there to help them, but to “catch them out doing the wrong thing”.
Coroner Greg Cavanagh said: “To go in the way they did, for the reasons they told me is to some extent heavy handed but ... I wouldn't categorise it as contemptuous.”
Counsel assisting the coroner Kelvin Currie said police did not fulfil their duty of care to Mr Young.
Mr Cavanagh said they would hand their findings down in coming weeks.
The Russian Foreign Ministry released a statement on Thursday warning its citizens to be careful if they travel abroad because the United States is “hunting” for Russians to arrest.
The Foreign Ministry warned Russians of the “threat of being detained or arrested at the request of U.S. law enforcement and intelligence services in third countries.”
“Despite our calls to improve cooperation between the relevant U.S. and Russian authorities … U.S. special services have effectively continued ‘a hunt' for Russians around the world,” the statement asserted. “Considering these circumstances, we strongly insist that Russian citizens carefully weigh up all the risks when planning trips abroad.”
In other words, the Foreign Ministry is telling Russian citizens they might be arrested by third countries and extradited to the United States.
The UK Independent notes that the great Russian hunt carried out by the predatory U.S. government consists of arresting seven Russians in 2017 instead of the normal average of two per year, and the Russian Foreign Ministry itself admits that most of them were accused cyber-criminals.
Moscow does not make much of a case that any of these people were arrested randomly or unjustly. For example, one of the Russians arrested early in 2017 was Stanislav Lisov, who is charged with creating a trojan-horse virus that inflicted an estimated $5 million in damage on financial institutions across the world. Lisov was under investigation for the better part of three years before they were arrested by Spain and held for eleven months before their extradition to the U.S. was finally approved. That is difficult to square with the Russian Foreign Ministry's alarmist portrait of American agents randomly scooping up innocent Russian travelers and hauling them back to Washington for show trials.
Moscow also complained about what it portrayed as the American kidnapping of Roman Seleznev from the Maldives in 2014. Under investigation since 2011 for their activities as a hacker-for-hire, Seleznev was frolicking in the Maldives precisely because the Russian cybercrime underground was convinced Western law enforcement could not touch them there.
The Maldives made a deal with the U.S. to arrest and extradite Seleznev, by all accounts moving swiftly but not extra-legally, and they came bundled with a laptop containing 1.7 million stolen credit card numbers. They were convicted on over 30 counts by a Seattle court in 2016 and sentenced to 27 years in federal prison, with a few more state cases against them pending. Again, this was not a random kidnapping hastily arranged because irritable American officials were eager to throw a few Russian tourists in jail.
The Foreign Ministry sneered that “Russian citizens face a prejudiced attitude on the part of American ‘justice,'” but the example they chose was Viktor Bout, the nefarious arms dealer who was the inspiration for the Nicolas Cage film Lord of War.
Bout was at one point the second most-wanted man in the world for U.S. intelligence services, the first being Osama bin Laden. They were busted in Thailand in a sting operation where they thought they were selling millions of dollars in weapons, including surface-to-air missiles, to the FARC terrorists of South America. They were arrested in 2008 and given a mandatory minimum 25-year sentence by a U.S. court in 2012. There isn't much doubt that they ran a huge volume of guns to terrorists and criminal organizations, especially since the cocky smuggling kingpin had a penchant for making home movies of themselves doing it.
Russia has been grumbling that the sentence was excessive ever since it was handed down, but Bout is an odd choice for an argument that American justice moves too swiftly and is irrationally biased against Russians.
The Russian Foreign Ministry's statement is a political tantrum, and it's not hard to see why. The statement warns that Russians in U.S. custody are “pressured to admit their guilt, despite the fictitiousness of the charges, and when they refuse they are given huge prison sentences.”
In addition to warning Russian travelers that Uncle Sam is waiting to pounce on them when they travel to foreign countries, the Foreign Ministry complained on Friday about U.S. accusations that Russia has been interfering in foreign elections, most recently Mexico's 2018 presidential race. Moscow seems interested in laying the groundwork to deny what it fears Russians in U.S. custody might say about certain matters of international interest.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Univar has expanded its distribution agreement with Kudos Blends to provide salt reduction solutions to the food ingredients market.
As part of the amended agreement, Univar – a chemical and ingredients distributor – will cover the Pell brand of raising agents. This includes sodium reduction solutions.
The exclusive agreement covers all European countries.
“[Kudos'] portfolio, offered exclusively by Univar, contains a variety of single- and double-acting baking powders that vary in speed of release for the precise desired effect during the baking process,” said Gary Abraham, commercial manager for Univar Food Ingredients in EMEA.
They added: “In addition, many of the ingredients are potassium-based, thereby reducing sodium in our customers' end products, which is an important consumer-driven trend in the European market.”
A Vernon orchard has a unique way of keeping the birds away from its bumper cherry crop. (Submitted Photo)
VERNON, B.C. — You usually see them on the side of the road, wiggly arms and tube body bouncing around trying to attract people to a sale.
But a B.C. farmer has found a great use for the air dancers (or air rangers), which have protected their crop from pesky birds.
Peter's U-Pick Orchard has rescued a bumper crop in large part thanks to the fun inflatables they used to protect their cherries.
“They are working great compared to previous years where we would have flocks of birds on the early cherries now we just barely see a Jay or two in there compared to flocks of 20-40 at a time,” said owner Peter Sidorczuk.
“I got the idea from our neighbour, the Krugers, they tried one last year in their grapes and they said it is working. So I did a bit of research online and bought three of them to try this year and am impressed.
“It is a great idea.”
See related: Cherry grower hopes to avoid helicopter use
The BX orchard, which opened for the season Saturday, also used a device called bird guard to protect the early cherries. Designed in Australia, the bird guard randomly emits bird distress calls.
Combined with the air dancers, there are plenty of cherries available at the farm this year. Plus the devices have helped keep pesky birds from the Peter's peaches and apricots.
Peter's U-Pick, on Rimer Road, is open seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
@VernonNews
jennifer@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
C# Developer
Become part of not just a development team but also a family. My client is looking for an Intermediate to Senior C# Developer who fits the criteria below. They are located on the West Coast in Cape Town, looking at the amazing Table Mountain. Qualification:MatricBCom or BSc DegreeMCSD Certification is advantageous Skills & Experience: Minimum 3 years' experienceC#, ASP.NetWeb technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSPMS SQL Server 2008 and higherMulti-tier applicationsWindows and Web servicesEntity frameworkUser requirements, functional specification and change control documentation-writing skills Job Description:Design, Develop and Maintain new and existing systems. Liaise with stakeholders to gather system requirements. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, MARISA LUDSKI on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027265.
Learn more/Apply for this position
April 3 ASETEK A/S
* REPEAT ORDER FROM SOUTH KOREAN CUSTOMER
* ANNOUNCED A SECOND ORDER FROM INTECH, SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA, FOR INRACKCDU D2CT LIQUID COOLING SOLUTION
* ORDER WILL RESULT IN REVENUE TO ASETEK IN RANGE OF USD 25,000 WITH DELIVERY IN Q2 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc:
* MERCK ANNOUNCES FOURTH-QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
* SEES FY 2018 NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.08 TO $4.23
* SEES FY 2018 GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.97 TO $3.12
* Q4 GAAP LOSS PER SHARE $0.32
* Q4 NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.98
* FOURTH-QUARTER 2017 GAAP EPS REFLECTS A $2.6 BILLION PROVISIONAL CHARGE RELATED TO U.S. TAX LEGISLATION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.94, REVENUE VIEW $10.49 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY KEYTRUDA SALES $1,297 MILLION VERSUS $483 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* FOURTH-QUARTER 2017 WORLDWIDE SALES WERE $10.4 BILLION, AN INCREASE OF 3 PERCENT
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $4.11 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ANTICIPATES FULL-YEAR 2018 WORLDWIDE SALES TO BE BETWEEN $41.2 BILLION AND $42.7 BILLION
* FY2018 REVENUE VIEW $41.07 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* Q4 PHARMACEUTICAL SALES INCREASED 4 PERCENT TO $9.3 BILLION, INCLUDING A 1 PERCENT POSITIVE IMPACT FROM FOREIGN EXCHANGE
* QTRLY REMICADE SALES $186 MILLION VERSUS $269 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* MERCK - Q4 REVENUE UNFAVORABLY AFFECTED BY ABOUT $125 MILLION FROM LOST SALES IN SOME MARKETS RELATED TO JUNE CYBER-ATTACK
* QTRLY JANUVIA/JANUMET SALES $1,524 MILLION VERSUS $1,509 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* MERCK - PLANS TO INVEST ABOUT $12 BILLION OVER 5 YEARS IN CAPITAL PROJECTS INCLUDING ABOUT $8 BILLION IN THE U.S.
* MERCK - PLANS TO PROVIDE ONE-TIME, LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARD FOR ELIGIBLE NON-EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES IN Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× 7-month-old puppy thrown from moving car in Richmond
RICHMOND, Va. — Officers with Richmond Animal Care and Control are searching for a gold Saturn in connection to a weekend animal cruelty case on the city's Southside.
RACC Director Christie Peters said an officer responded to a call from someone who witnessed a man throw a seven-month-old Brindle Pitbull puppy from a moving car near the corner of Moody Avenue and Bland Street around 7 p.m. Saturday.
The driver of the gold Saturn did not stop, according to Peters.
“Once [the puppy] hit the pavement they turned around and chased after the car. [The witness] didn't get a license plate, so it's like a needle in a haystack,” Peters explained.
The dog was taken to Virginia Veterinary Center on West Cary Street where Dr. Andrew Mercurio performed surgery on the dog.
“He came down really hard on their right hind leg and fractured a piece of the shin bone,. Dr. Mercurio said. “He had to come down on the leg with an excessive amount of force and it's consistent with a fall from a moving vehicle.”
The puppy, who the veterinary staff named Francis, is already walking on four legs shortly after the fall from the car.
“He's so sweet. They don't have a mean bone in their body,” Mercurio said.
Donations made to the RACC Foundation made the expensive surgery to repair Francis' injuries possible.
In a Facebook post on the RACC page, Peters wrote the dog would be available for adoption after the stray-hold is up on June 2.
“We are hopeful we can find someone who can love him,” Peters said. “We've had so many people reach out to us on our Facebook page to schedule appointments to meet with prospective adopters.”
The driver of the gold Saturn who allegedly committed the crime could be charged with animal cruelty if found. Francis is expected to make a full recovery.
“Animals are such sweet innocent creatures and the fact that somebody can do that is appalling,” Mercurio said.
This sweet 7-month-old Brindle Pitbull was thrown from a moving car and injured on the Southside over the weekend. Now the search is on for a gold Saturn. More on @CBS6 News at Noon pic.twitter.com/6373yRt1R5 — Brendan King CBS 6 (@ImBrendanKing) May 30, 2018
Japanese authorities have warned international gold smuggling rings are becoming more sophisticated after cracking a scheme to conceal gold bars in aircraft toilets.
Police in Nagoya have arrested six people in connection with the latest in a growing number of smuggling attempts. The six men were accused of illegally importing five gold bars on a Japan Airlines flight from Taiwan to Nagoya's Chubu Airport in July 2017.
The 5kg of gold had a value of 22.8 million yen ($283,000) but the smugglers were attempting to avoid 1.82 million yen ($22,600) in consumption taxes.
Authorities believe Japanese Yakuza gang members are behind the increase in smuggling. Photo / Getty Images
"Gold smuggling has taken off in Japan since the consumption tax was raised from 5 per cent to 8 per cent in April 2014," said Stuart Witchell, Hong Kong-based managing director of Berkeley Research Group.
Advertisement
"People buy the gold overseas, avoiding Japan's 8 per cent tax, then smuggle it into Japan to resell it with the consumption tax built in for an 8 per cent additional profit.
People buy the gold overseas, avoiding Japan's 8 per cent tax, then smuggle it into Japan to resell it.
Japan's yakuza groups and drug organisations are using this as a means to make quick profits as well as money laundering. There are basically no criminal penalties for this activity, only a custom fine, and the gold is not confiscated, so this low risk-high reward activity will probably only increase when Japan raises its consumption tax to 10 per cent."
Japanese customs detected just eight attempts to smuggle gold into Japan in the 12 months to June 2014, according to the Finance Ministry in Tokyo. Underlining the new-found appeal of the underground trade, that figure climbed to 467 cases in the year to June 2017, involving 870 million yen ($10.8m) in evaded tax.
Of the 294 gold smuggling cases detected in the year to June 2016, 135 originated in Hong Kong, 88 were from South Korean cities and 27 started in Singapore.
With customs officials increasingly aware of the ways in which the precious metal is being brought into Japan, criminal groups are devising more imaginative ways in which to evade their scrutiny.
In the latest breakthrough, customs have confirmed the five gold bars were taken aboard the Japan Airlines flight in Taiwan. Once airborne, the passenger entered the toilet, removed a plastic panel at the rear of a toilet cubicle and deposited the gold inside the empty space.
The suspect disembarked in Nagoya and went through customs with nothing to declare. Aware in advance the aircraft was expected to continue domestically from Nagoya, an accomplice boarded the flight to retrieve the gold and was able to avoid customs procedures at Tokyo's Haneda Airport.
Customs officials had already discovered the hiding place, however, and removed the gold.
Of the six individuals arrested, one was a 48-year-old Sri Lankan national who owns a used car showroom in Nagoya. Another suspect was a Malaysian, while the others were Japanese.
Police believe the gang has used similar hiding places aboard international flights on repeated occasions in the past 18 months.
- South China Morning Post
Moss Point High School's Class of 1983 has raised money for Mississippi Crime Stoppers to help regulate the instance of crime in the city.
Frances Bean Cobain has opened up about a terrifying mid-air incident during which they were convinced they were going to die.
The 25-year-old model shared a revealing Instagram post on Friday, saying they were aboard a plane that caught fire last week on Sept. 30.
The daughter of Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love shared photographs of the very damaged engine of the plane and said in a long caption that the scary incident had changed their world view.
“I've avoided talking about this because telling strangers struck me as a fruitless endeavor. But enough time has gone by to where I've sat with what this experience should mean on the grand scale of living my day-to-day life,” Cobain wrote in the caption, where they refrained from posting the news earlier so as not to be insensitive toward the Las Vegas Shootings that occurred on Oct. 1.
“So here it goes: A week ago on September 30th I boarded Air France flight A380 (the irony being I changed my previously booked flight to this one that very day, so I could get home earlier.)” they revealed. “This would act as the moment that would alter everything I thought I knew. I have woken up everyday for the past week just grateful to wake up.”
They continued, “When I felt the plane tilt, saw the wing directly in front of me catch fire, and basically came to grips with my own mortality I made a deal with myself. I promised myself that if I made it through, that I would no longer try to escape the moments of my life.”
“So I've entered the phase of my life where every moment is truly precious,” they added. “All the mundane “crippling” anxieties I once let dictate how I functioned have dissipated. I was jolted awake and awake is where I need to stay in order to live authentically. As cheeseball as that sounds. It resonates at true. To me. As you were – FBC.”
Air France confirmed in a statement that its plane, which was bound to Los Angeles from Paris, suffered “serious damage to one of its four engines.”
“The regularly trained pilots and cabin crew handled this serious incident perfectly,” the airline said in the statement provided to CNN.
CAYO SANTIAGO, Puerto Rico | As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, a monkey walks over the rubble left in the wake of Hurricane Maria on Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow, brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, a monkey walks along the shore of Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. About 100 macaque monkeys here have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this screen grab made from video on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, scientists return to land from Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. After the passing of Hurricane Maria, the university staff and local employees who keep Monkey Island running are frantically ferrying bags of chow in a tiny skiff, feeding the macaques a survival diet and trying to reassemble the rainwater collectors and drinking troughs that keep the animals alive in the tropical sun. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, a female monkey holds their baby on Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, a monkey eats atop a rock off of Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. The island's history as a research center dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, monkeys move about on Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico. One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, workers repair research facilities destroyed by Hurricane Maria in Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. Mainland scientists are bringing in equipment from chain saws to a portable pier, funded by tens of thousands of dollars raised so far in university departments and online. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa) In this Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 photo, an iguana sunbathes as monkeys walk behind on Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. In 1938, man known as the father of American primate science, Clarence Ray Carpenter, wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
“All of our tools were destroyed,” said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, the director of the Cayo Santiago facility. “Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know.”
Incredibly, as far as the scientists can tell so far, the monkeys survived the direct hit from the hurricane, perhaps by seeking high ground and clustering together at the base of trees.
No bodies have been found and a census is not detecting large numbers of missing macaques.
The island's history as a research center dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
Researchers from Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, New York University and others have been spending much of the year on the island studying everything from the monkeys' eye movements to the genes and behavior of socially aberrant individuals that may provide insight into the causes of autism.
“It's completely unprecedented in its breadth and size,” said James Higham, a professor of biological anthropology at NYU who is studying the monkeys' behavior, cognition and communication.
Now the university staff and local employees who keep Monkey Island running are frantically ferrying bags of chow in a tiny skiff, feeding the macaques a survival diet and trying to reassemble the rainwater collectors and drinking troughs that keep the animals alive in the tropical sun.
Mainland scientists are bringing in equipment from chain saws to a portable pier, funded by tens of thousands of dollars raised so far in university departments and online.
Complicating the effort, the monkeys all carry herpes B, a version of the virus that is harmless to macaques but can be fatal in humans. Anyone who comes into contact with monkey saliva or urine must undergo rigorous decontamination and treatment with antiretroviral drugs.
Humans also pose risks for the monkeys. Because the hurricane destroyed the island's chemical toilet, researchers and workers can stay only until they need a bathroom break: Human waste could start an epidemic that could wipe out the monkeys.
While the rescue effort is heroic, “it's not sustainable,” said Higham, who is bringing in a container full of supplies, possibly on a ship that would anchor off the island. “They're doing the best they can do under very difficult conditions, but it needs help and attention.”
Michael Weissenstein on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mweissenstein
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Vennwood is a spectacular residential estate in need of a little TLC.
In the afternoon of Good Friday, April 5, 1907, a devastating fire gutted the interior of one of the Herefordshire's prettiest late-Georgian properties: Vennwood, near Sutton St Nicholas, some seven miles north of Hereford.
At the time, the house, built in the 1830s by the Jenner family of Weston Park, Bath, was leased to Hugh Courage of the brewing family, who, with their wife, was visiting friends on the other side of town, when the fire, which broke out in one of the mansion's 11 bedrooms, ravaged the house, leaving only the Georgian façade.
Damage was estimated at some £3,000, but both landlord and tenant were insured and the house was soon rebuilt, but on a smaller scale, with the addition of a portico surmounted by a pediment.
The stepfather and mother of Charles Comyn, the current owner, bought Vennwood off-market from the Rev Jenner's trustees in 1969, so it has never been sold on the open market. The picturesque 214-acre estate – with its 9,474sq ft , five-bedroom, Georgian-style house set in beautiful parkland and surrounded by gardens, a lake, rich farmland and cider orchards – is now for sale through Balfours (01743 353511) and Savills (01865 269179) at a guide price of £3.5million for the whole, or in three lots.
Mr Comyn is privately hoping that the potential of the house and its traditional farmyard – both in need of renovation—will inspire a young couple to buy the delightful mixed farming and sporting estate as a whole, and return it to its former glory.
Vennwood is on the market with Savills at a guide price of £3.5 million – see more details and pictures.
SASKATOON — Saskatchewan Roughriders' wide receiver Duron Carter has been charged with marijuana possession.
Court records and a release from the team indicate Carter was arrested and charged Thursday night at the Saskatoon airport.
Carter has been released from custody and is to make their first appearance in provincial court on March 27.
The Canadian Football League has declined comment.
On Nov. 25, Carter was arrested in Winnipeg and charged with possession of a controlled substance.
The 26-year-old athlete was named the Roughriders' most outstanding player for the 2016-17 CFL season and they signed a one-year extension with the team on Jan. 22.
"We can confirm there was an incident last night where Duron Carter was charged with marijuana possession,” the team said Friday in a statement.
"We are working to gather more information and continue to monitor the situation." (CKOM)
By CKOM, The Canadian Press
Kourtney Kardashian takes Congress!
The eldest KarJenner, 38, addressed Congress today on Capitol Hill in Washington D.C. during a briefing with the Environmental Working Group President Ken Cook in an effort to reform the laws that regulate ingredients in cosmetics and personal care products in the United States.
Kardashian teamed up with the non-profit organization as it launches a new initiative, #BeautyMadeBetter, to raise awareness for reform as it has been 80 years since the U.S. last passed a law to regulate the safety of personal care products.
As a twist on business casual chic style, Kardashian wore a black blazer and straight leg trousers, along with a white crop top that showed off a hint of their abs while speaking to Congress.
Paul Morigi/Getty
The time is now for cosmetic safety reform! Briefing with @kourtneykardash and @US_FDA pic.twitter.com/nNPum59juz — Sydney Levin-Epstein (@SYDNEYRACHAEL_) April 24, 2018
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
During the talk, Kardashian addressed their sister Kylie Jenner's cosmetics company Kylie Cosmetics, which they worked with to create a limited edition collection of eye shadows and lipsticks launching today.
Paul Morigi/Getty
“Kourtney Kardashian said @kyliecosmetics avoids using toxic chemicals and noted that their sister's company has new shades of eye shadow coming out today,” one reporter tweeted during the press conference.
Kourtney Kardashian said @kyliecosmetics avoids using toxic chemicals and noted that their sister's company has new shades of eye shadow coming out today. — Corbin Hiar (@CorbinHiar) April 24, 2018
However, another attendee who live tweeted Kardashian's comments said the reality star refused to disclose the exact ingredients used in Jenner's new Kylie Cosmetics products the two sister developed together.
Disappointed in consumer safety briefing with @kourtneykardash. Denied answering what chemicals are in their new makeup line with sister @KylieJenner and side stepped questions on where the family sources their products… yet Kourt was advocating for safer & smarter cosmetics ? pic.twitter.com/49Bf1mLEd6 — Sydney Levin-Epstein (@SYDNEYRACHAEL_) April 24, 2018
“Disappointed in consumer safety briefing with @kourtneykardash. Denied answering what chemicals are in their new makeup line with sister @KylieJenner and side stepped questions on where the family sources their products… yet Kourt was advocating for safer & smarter cosmetics ?” the attendee said.
Kourtney Kardashian says they became interested in cosmetics after becoming a mom pic.twitter.com/WUn7BvOrYi — Corbin Hiar (@CorbinHiar) April 24, 2018
“The federal law designed to ensure that personal care products are safe has remained largely unchanged since 1938. Current laws leave the federal government powerless to screen personal care products for chemicals that have been linked to cancer, harm to the reproductive system in both men and women, and severe allergies, among other health effects. Americans have waited far too long for cosmetics safety reform. It's time,” the EWG wrote on its homepage, which today is solely dedicated to promoting the initiative.
@kourtneykardash first time on the Hill to support the Personal Care Products Safety Act 2017 pic.twitter.com/3ZAx6nF5S3 — Anna Kook (@annakook) April 24, 2018
Kardashian has been a long time advocate for healthy, natural and organic living. Now the EWG and Kardashian are urging Americans to sign a petition to support the Personal Care Products Safety Act, which would require ingredients included in personal care products to be tested for safety.
Last year on their app and website, Kardashian opened up to fans about why they recently decided to switch over to using only natural deodorant.
Kourtney takes on Kapitol Hill as an advocate for personal care product regulations @kourtneykardash pic.twitter.com/Ht2WHtll4O — Cailin (@CailinCrowe) April 24, 2018
“Changing over to an all-natural deodorant seemed like an important thing to do when I heard that when people are diagnosed with breast cancer, they are told to immediately discontinue using conventional antiperspirants and deodorants,” Kardashian said. “Although research connecting the parabens and aluminum from this product directly with breast cancer is inconclusive, I like to play it safe.
Paul Morigi/Getty
RELATED PHOTOS: Photographic Proof that Kourtney Kardashian Has Looked the Same for 10 Years
In 2016, Kardashian was named the brand ambassador for Manuka Doctor, a London-based brand that sources Manuka honey and other bee products from New Zealand to create their line of natural skincare and cosmetics.
Sabrina Carpenter is living their teenage dream.
The 18-year-old singer and actor just dropped their new single “Alien” — written with songwriter Jonas Blue — which was inspired by the feeling of isolation.
“As a teenage girl, my feelings and emotions are always kind of really indescribable, and they change really quickly and really fast,” Carpenter tells PEOPLE about the inspiration behind the lyrics. “We describe not being able to describe how I was feeling, and once we kind of played around with ‘alien' as a feeling instead of an actual solid thing or object, it became emotional.”
They continue about how they hope the song connects to their fans: “The goal for the song was to have as many people related to it as they can, and I think everyone no matter what age you are can relate to being alienated in your own feelings.”
While “Alien” marks the first collaboration between the two rising pop powerhouses, it also hopefully won't be the last.
“Over five years ago at this point, I was — and still am — a huge fan of Jonas,” says Carpenter. “I was listening to this one song of theirs a ton — so much that I had to tweet about it in that moment. They asked me if I was in town because they were in town, and we ended up writing in L.A., which was the first time we worked together.”
Sabrina Carpenter Reveals the Inspiration Behind Them Emotional New Song 'Alien'
“We stayed in touch, obviously, and it's so nice to work with people who are so passionate about what they do and so hard-working and so talented and creative all around,” they continue.
The duo is scheduled to make their television debut performance together on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Mar. 21. The track's official music video, recently shot in London, will have its world premiere later this month.
The track may also snag a spot on Carpenter's upcoming album, which is completed, titled and will be released “soon,” they say.
“I've been working on [my new album] for over a year at this point,” they say. “I've been balancing some other projects as well.”
Sabrina Carpenter Sarah Carpenter
The former Girl Meets World star also says she's grown up covering artists of all genres on YouTube, and hopes to collaborate soon with other pop stars.
“I've always been a fan of Bruno Mars [and] I think everything they touch just turns to 24-karat magic – no pun intended, but actually pun intended,” they say. “And everyone who knows me knows that I am obsessed with Rihanna, so I'd say those two are pretty up there on the list.”
LONDON Swiss-based trading and mining giant Glencore (GLEN.L) has agreed to sell a 51 percent stake in its oil products and logistics business for $775 million to China's HNA Innovation Finance Group Ltd, the company said on Friday.
Reuters earlier exclusively reported that Glencore was in talks to sell a bundle of its global oil storage stakes, following similar moves by rivals as a boom period for storage shows signs of nearing to an end.
Glencore said the deal was expected to close in the second half of 2017 and that the transaction would result in a new company called HG Storage International Ltd with a presence across Europe, Africa and the Americas.
Dutch bank ING was the sell-side adviser to the deal, a spokesperson for the bank said.
(Reporting By Julia Payne, editing by David Evans)
Officer shoots man who hit them with their car
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — Authorities say a police officer opened fire on a man who struck them with their car in Massachusetts.
Springfield police spokesperson Ryan Walsh says the shooting happened around 4 p.m. Tuesday when officers tried to take a man into custody in connection with a firearms investigation.
Walsh says the man backed into a police cruiser and then drove directly at the police officer. The officer tried to get out the way, but they were struck by the car and landed on its hood.
Walsh says the officer shot the driver once before landing on a concrete barrier. The driver fled the scene and was stopped about a half-mile (0.8 kilometers) away.
The suspect has been hospitalized in stable condition, and the officer is recovering at home.
CRISTIANO Ronaldo's blistering start to 2018 could see them finally convince Real Madrid to reach their contract demands, just two months after sensational reports of the Portuguese ace irrevocably falling out with club president Florentino Perez.
Ronaldo had been involved in a public power play in January, with Spanish publications AS, Marca and Sport all claiming they “felt cheated” and “betrayed” by Real's failure to fulfil their promise of a bumper new contract that would see them earn more than Lionel Messi and Neymar.
But now, Ronaldo's 21 goals since the turn of the new year means they are in the kind of form that could convince the Spanish giants to meet their astronomical terms.
According to Mundo Deportivo, Perez has now been convinced Ronaldo can maintain their freakish scoring feats for years to come and is prepared to reward their start with a new contract, despite their current deal running until 2021.
That would mean a significant pay rise for Ronaldo, who is currently just the game's sixth highest earner and pockets €21m (AU$33.7m) a season.
Arch rival Messi, by comparison, takes home a reported €50m ($80m) a year gross in salary, while their new contract included a €100m ($160m) signing fee, to be paid in five equal instalments over the five years of the deal.
The Daily Mail reports Real Madrid will intent to boost Ronaldo's financial package to €35m ($56m) a season, which is still some way off their Barcelona rival.
Camera Icon Real Madrid's Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo. Picture: AFP
Camera Icon Ronaldo scored four against Girona. Picture: AFP
Where Ronaldo could come out on top over Messi is in the Spanish golden boot race, after their incredible run of form brought to the public's attention an audacious bet made to their Real Madrid teammates.
CR7 is now just three goals behind Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy for top scorer in La Liga, despite scoring just once in their first 11 league games.
During that time, Messi had netted 12 goals and it looked all but impossible for Ronaldo to catch up, but the 33-year-old has now scored 18 goals in nine La Liga matches.
Incredibly, El Transistor host Jose Ramon de la Morena on Radio Onda Cero, had claimed in November that Ronaldo had bet two of their own teammates they would catch the Argentine.
One Real teammate, Nacho, has said the squad doesn't know what Ronaldo has changed to spark such a strong scoring run – which included a four-goal haul over the weekend.
“Cristiano is unreal,” said Nacho.
“Once again this season he's proving that he's the world's best. They began with the suspension, and then they aren't putting their chances away. That was strange for him, the fact that they aren't scoring. He's now helping the team, and that's really positive for us.”
The run of form also means Ronaldo is now just six goals of current race leader for the European Golden Shoe – Liverpool's Mohamed Salah.
“He's unbelievably ambitious and that comes across in every training session and in everything they do on the field,” coach Zinedine Zidane said of their star.
“If they have a penalty in training, they will take it with the maximum concentration. It's what makes them different from the rest.”
In typically humble fashion, Ronaldo has even heaped praise on themselves in a new advert for Nike's Mercurial Superfly 360 boots – claiming they have never seen players who could match their dedication and work ethic.
“In the beginning I was dreaming to be the best player in the world,” Ronaldo said.
“Friends of mine, they look at me like, ‘what are you talking about?'.
“I played for fun, for a joke, but in my mind I think that potential started in Manchester, that's when I started to believe.
“I don't see many people with my talent, my dedication, my work, my ethic of football. No-one is going to be compared with me, no-one is going to be Cristiano Ronaldo. You're going to be yourself, I'm going to be myself.”
BURIEN, Wash. – Burien residents, with the backing of the city, successfully sued the FAA getting them to change a new flight pattern over their community. The decision was announced this week, and it's inspiring other cities to make similar moves.
“It started out 15-20 a day,” said Larry Cripe. “We've even had as many as 60 flights in one day, turn west.”
That turn didn't exist, said Cripe, before June 2016. It didn't exist before the FAA created it last year, and directed commuter flights to use it, without informing neighbors, communities or even the airport.
“It was like the FAA built three new runways, east-west runways, without pouring one foot of concrete,” said Cripe.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“They had done this without any public notice, they hadn't told the city, they hadn't told the Port of Seattle,” said Debi Wagner.
Wagner is on the Burien City Council and worked with Cripe to sue the FAA. They said it had to come to a lawsuit after the FAA refused to meet with them to discuss changing the flight plan.
“The FAA dropped the litigation, based on the initial two-page letter,” explained Wagner.
“It's a huge win, nobody ever beats the federal government,” they said.
Wagner said they are excited, but not overly optimistic. They said they won the battle, not the war.
“You can band together, you can join together and fight and win, but in the grand scheme of things we're fighting a Goliath that wants to grow even bigger,” they said.
Sea-Tac International Airport is expanding. They broke ground in February on a multimillion-dollar expansion project that will add eight gates for Alaska Airlines in the North Terminal. The Port of Seattle does not control where planes fly, just where they land. The FAA, they said, decides where and how to direct flights.
“It's already a bad situation, that expansion is just going to make worse,” said Kent Palosaari.
Palosaari is working to engage SeaTac residents to find a solution to the noise and air pollution that comes from the airport and the flight paths. They said Burien's win is a win for everyone.
“I hope it empowers the other communities that yes, we can do this,'” they said.
Wagner said SeaTac is just one of nearly a dozen communities that are in talks with Burien on what they can do to mitigate air traffic issues. Medina, Lake Forest Park, Shoreline, Beacon Hill, Normandy Park, Des Moines, Mercer Island, Redmond and Federal Way have already met with the city, said Wagner.
"All of these cities, we are all suffering. We're suffering now in the present situation, they want to make it twice as bad. I can't even imagine,” said Wagner.
You just never know what is going to happen in the Pittsburgh Steelers locker room. And it seems like whenever we get a peek behind the curtain it is thanks to the camera on Antonio Brown's phone. Never change, Brown. Never.
This time we get to see running back Le'Veon Bell dropping a freestyle rap after practice on Friday that's all about them getting that money.
The towel-clad Bell with the wild hair gave us 40 seconds that was at least as entertaining as their last album. Not as entertaining as Brown's Facebook Live video from last year but still fun.
Bell, Brown and the rest of the Steelers will be staying home this weekend and welcome the Jacksonville Jaguars to town. They are hoping to move to 4-1 on the season.
March 30 The California State Teachers' Retirement System (CalSTRS) announced on Thursday that its funding level had dropped and its unfunded liability had increased, following a drop in the fund's expected investment returns.
The public pension plan voted in February to lower its annual expected return rate from 7.5 percent to 7 percent by 2018. As a result, CalSTRS unfunded liability grew to $97 billion from $76 billion, and its funding level dropped from 68 percent to nearly 64 percent.
Across the United States, public pension plans are reviewing market forecasts of slower growth and dampened expectations of investment returns. As a result, plans are ticking down their expected return rates, or discount rates, from a median discount rate of 8 percent in 2010 to 7.5 percent presently, according to the National Association of State Retirement Administrators.
CalSTRS's sister fund, the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) in December lowered its expected rate of investment return by 2020 from 7.5 percent to 7 percent, citing lower market growth forecasts over the next decade.
Lower returns over time have a compounding effect, requiring states and cities to be put more money into pension systems.
During the financial crisis in 2008 and 2009, CalSTRS, like many funds, lost about a quarter of its total value. The fund's total portfolio currently is about $202 billion. (Reporting by Robin Respaut; Editing by David Gregorio)
LONDON, April 6 Britain will seek the best deal for the British enclave of Gibraltar in its departure talks with the European Union and there will be no negotiation of sovereignty without its citizens' consent, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday.
After meeting European Council President Donald Tusk at their Downing Street official residence, May said Britain was looking forward to formally beginning talks with the European Union once the bloc has agreed its guidelines.
"The PM also made clear that on the subject of Gibraltar, the UK's position had not changed: the UK would seek the best possible deal for Gibraltar as the UK exits the EU and there would be no negotiation on the sovereignty of Gibraltar without the consent of its people," May's office said in a statement. (Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Stephen Addsion)
OTTAWA — The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result.
A spokesperson for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017.
That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund.
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The 7-0 high court ruling Friday brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
For over a century, tens of thousands of Indigenous children were required to attend residential schools, primarily run by religious institutions and funded by the federal government. Students were not allowed to use their languages or cultural practices.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement aimed at ensuring a lasting resolution of the residential schools legacy.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material collected for the independent assessments should be destroyed after 15 years.
In its reasons for the decision, the Supreme Court said the negotiators of the settlement agreement intended the assessment process to be a confidential and private one, and that claimants and alleged perpetrators relied on these confidentiality assurances.
Under the process, claimants disclosed intimate personal information, including a first-person narrative outlining their or their request for compensation. Applications were then forwarded to the federal government and the church organization that operated the residential school.
If the claim was not settled at this stage, it proceeded to a hearing before an adjudicator, supervised by the chief adjudicator of the Indian Residential Schools Secretariat. The settlement agreement operations branch of the federal Indigenous Affairs Department represented the government as a defendant to the claims.
Participants were advised that the hearings would be held in private, and that each person who attended must sign a confidentiality agreement.
The secretariat and the operations branch both possess digital and physical copies of various records pertaining to more than 37,000 claims made under the assessment process.
JUST 90 minutes stand between a number of fringe Socceroos and their World Cup dream.
The Aussies take on the Czech Republic in St Polten on Friday evening AEST in their final hit out before Bert van Marwijk wields the axe on three unlucky soon-to-be ex-squad members.
LIVE stream the Czech Republic v Australia on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
While a range of key players have their spots locked down, it's still largely unclear who is set for heartbreak.
Against the Czechs, Van Marwijk could answer a number of selection questions, as their players are offered one final audition – a last gasp chance to show what they bring to the table.
ULTIMATE GUIDE: DISMAL 22-YEAR LOW ROOS MUST END
FRIENDLIES WRAP: MESSI TREBLE NABS INSANE CENTURY
SOCCEROOS: CUT-THROAT SELECTION BATTLE
Here are the selection insights to keep an eye out for as the Socceroos take to the park on Friday night…
MIDFIELD AUDITIONS
With skipper Mile Jedinak and mercurial ace Tom Rogic arriving late into camp owing to hectic club schedules, both are unlikely to start against the Czech Republic.
Their absences open the door for a number of peripheral figures to press their cases for inclusion in the final squad.
Camera Icon James Troisi of Australia controls the ball during the Australian Socceroos training session Picture: Getty Images
It's currently unclear which midfielders, if any, are in line to be axed but a big performance in St Polten could prove the catalyst in Van Marwijk's final decision.
The likes of Dimitri Petratos, James Troisi, Jackson Irvine and Massimo Luongo could be called upon in the absence of the Jedinak and Rogic.
The midfield composition against the Czechs, and the performances of those selected, will provide a key insight into Van Marwijk's World Cup plans.
RIGHT BACK
Van Marwijk clearly wasn't blown away by the right back stocks at their disposal upon taking the reins of the Socceroos.
The Dutchman sprang a real surprise when they plucked Croatia-based Fran Karacic from relative obscurity to bolster the position in their extended squad – in fact, most Aussie football fans had never had heard of them let alone seen them play.
The 22-year-old is competing with Josh Risdon as well as midfielder-cum-fullbacks Josh Brillante and Mark Milligan for a starting berth at the World Cup in the long-term problem role.
Camera Icon Fran Karacic of Australia chases the ball Picture: Getty Images
Karacic looms as a mysterious and unseen option at Socceroos level, and whether or not they get the chance to show their wares should provide valuable insight into the Dutch boss's thinking surrounding the position.
Should they be handed a chance to impress and stamp their authority on the role, they could make it their own for years to come.
WILL BERT BITE FOR BIG MAC?
Perhaps the biggest talking point at the selection table surrounds the late arrival of in-form striker Jamie Maclaren into camp following an injury concern for Tomi Juric.
Reports suggest the on-loan Hibernian frontman is set to take part in the friendly, although Cahill, Andrew Nabbout and Mathew Leckie are all additional options up front.
Juric is back up and running, but their well-documented injury worry creates a serious selection headache, especially considering the Swiss-based striker joined Tim Cahill as the only out-and-out strike options within the squad prior to Maclaren's arrival.
It will be intriguing to see who Van Marwijk opts for in the No. 9 spot against the Czechs -
should Maclaren have a big game, Juric might find themselves turfed — considering their injury worries — in a major shakeup.
Camera Icon Jamie Maclaren joined the Socceroos squad as a last minute inclusion. Picture Picture: News Corp Australia
THE ARZ-FACTOR
At just 19 years of age, Daniel Arzani is firming as a real chance to go to their first World Cup.
A true X-factor, the Melbourne City wide man looms as a tantalising option off the bench in Russia, and Van Marwijk could let them loose in St Polten.
Yet to be tested at international level, it stands to reason the Dutchman would give the teen sensation a chance to show what they can do before making their final round of cuts.
With a big performance against the Czechs, Arzani could dispel any whispers he's not ready for the intensity of international football and make themselves too hard to ignore.
Camera Icon Tim Cahill and Daniel Arzani Picture: News Corp Australia
Pick your Socceroos XI with our Team Selector! (Can't see it below? Click here)
0 Nunes memo: A list of officials involved in the controversial GOP memo
On Friday, President Donald Trump approved the release of a controversial congressional GOP memo alleging surveillance abuses by the FBI.
>> Read more trending news
The disputed memo from the GOP and Rep. Devin Nunes is considered “the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia” and alleges that there was an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration that influenced the investigation, CNN reported.
It specifically alleges that the FBI relied on a private dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele in order to obtain a warrant to monitor Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Steele was retained by Fusion GPS, a research firm hired by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee to find information on Trump. The dossier alleged that in 2016, Page had plotted with Russia's top oil executives to influence U.S. foreign policy for a huge profit.
>> Related: Who is Carter Page; how are they connected to the Nunes memo?
The memo charges that FBI agents improperly failed to disclose that Steele's work had Democratic funding and that Steele had openly expressed dislike for Trump.
But FBI officials argued the memo “mischaracterizes underlying intelligence and omits facts about evidence the bureau used to obtain its FISA warrants,” Politicoreported.
Both the Justice Department and the American intelligence community opposed the release of the memo, which is based on classified information.
>> Related: Some notable nuggets from inside the GOP memo on the Trump-Russia investigation
Former FBI Director James Comey criticized the decision to release the memo on Twitter.
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
>> Related: Nunes memo: Controversial GOP memo alleging missteps in Russia probe released
"That's it? (The) dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House (Intelligence) Committee, destroyed trust with (the) intelligence community, damaged relationship with FISA court and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen," Comey wrote. "For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
Here's a list of the major people involved in the document:
President Donald Trump
Authorized the release of the memo, despite pleas from intelligence and DOJ officials not to do so
Has been critical of their own DOJ throughout their administration
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2018
House Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes
California Republican who has served as chairperson since 2015
Served on Trump's transition team
Denied there was any contact between Trump campaign and Russia last year
Stepped aside from the investigation after announcing the intelligence community had “incidentally collected” communications from the Trump transition team
Led effort to release memo, which was put together by their staff
>> Related: Did you fall for these fake ads? How Russian trolls got into your Facebook feeds
House Intelligence ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff
California Democrat and Nunes' counterpart on House Intelligence Committee
Major critic of Nunes' and said they should step aside from the Russia investigation
Argued the memo was "rife with factual inaccuracies" and that Republicans had changed it before releasing it or getting approval from the White House
“The FBI had good reason to be concerned about Carter Page and would have been derelict in its responsibility to protect the country had it not sought a FISA warrant,” Schiff said Friday.
They and other Democrats have created their own memo to address the events in Nunes', but committee Republicans have blocked its release. House Speaker Paul Ryan said they will back the Democratic memo's release once lawmakers review it.
Former British spy Christopher Steele
The memo alleges FBI relied on a private intelligence dossier compiled by Steele to apply for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant to monitor former Trump campaign advisor Carter Page.
The FBI says the memo omits facts about the evidence used to obtain its FISA warrants. “The FISA law is designed to make monitoring an American citizen possible only in cases where there is very strong evidence of wrongdoing, and can only be obtained when a larger FBI investigation has already begun,” Politico reported.
reported. The dossier from Steele alleged that in 2016, Page had plotted with Russia's top oil executives to influence U.S. foreign policy for a huge profit.
Retained by Fusion GPS, a research firm hired by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee to find information on Trump
Memo says FBI agents failed to disclose that Steele's work was had Democratic funding and casts Steele as biased and unstrustworthy
Openly expressed dislike for Trump
>> Related: Congress releases Russia-linked Facebook ads
Former Trump campaign advisor Carter Page
Allegedly plotted in 2016 with Russia's top oil executives to influence U.S. foreign policy for a massive profit, according to the Steele dossier
Was foreign policy advisor to Trump campaign
Former Moscow-based investment banker and energy executive
Resigned after reports about their contacts with Russia surfaced, but denied collaboration
Admitted to meeting with Russian government officials when they took a trip to Moscow in June 2016 to deliver a speech. Steele's dossier claims that Page met with the head of Russia's oil conglomerate Rosneft.
Page is a key part of memo, which accuses DOJ officials of obtaining a FISA warrant on Page by using an unverified dossier from a former British intelligence official (Steele). The dossier was funded by opponents of Trump.
FBI Director Christopher Wray
Worked for DOJ under Bush administration
Hand-picked by Trump to lead law enforcement agency after they fired former FBI director James Comey
Opposed the memo's release and has been highly critical of it
>> Related: What is a FISA warrant?
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
Wrote a highly critical assessment of Comey's performance before they were fired
Appointed special council Robert Mueller to lead Russia investigation, which Trump didn't like
Argued against release of the memo
James Comey
Signed off on FISA warrants to surveil Carter on behalf of the FBI and DOJ
Former director of the FBI, fired by Trump last year
>> Related: James Comey to teach ethical leadership course at College of William & Mary
Former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe
Approved FISA warrants to surveil Carter on behalf of the FBI and DOJ
According to the memo, McCabe in 2017 told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance would've been sought without Steel's information, the New York Time s reported.
s reported. Trump questioned McCabe's impartiality in the Russia prove and called them out for their wife receiving a donation from a Hillary Clinton political ally during their failed run for state office in Virginia, Politico reported.
reported. They announced their resignation as deputy director from the FBI on Tuesday, Jan. 30.
Sally Yates
Approved FISA warrants to surveil Carter on behalf of the FBI and DOJ
Fired by Trump last year
Dana Boente
Approved FISA warrants to surveil Carter on behalf of the FBI and DOJ
Named FBI's general counsel by Wray last month
Reporter Michael Isikoff, Yahoo News
The memo stated the FISA warrant for Page exclusively cited a September 2016 article by Isikoff that focused on Page's trip to Moscow in July 2016.
The article included information derived from Steele' private dossier, which Steele leaked to Yahoo News.
According to NBC News, the memo claimed the FISA application for Page "incorrectly" stated that Steele had not provided information to Yahoo News, citing the fact that Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo and other media outlets at the direction of Fusion GPS.
FULL TEXT OF MEMO:
Nunes memo released by National Content Desk on Scribd
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Police in Austin, Texas, reported that the city's fourth bomb in less than a month shows similarities to the previous blasts but indicates a “significant change” in the “serial bomber's” tactics and level of sophistication. Sunday night's device appears to have been detonated by a tripwire when two young men walked nearby.
Austin Interim Police Chief Brian Manley told reporters Monday morning that investigators believe the use of a tripwire in the fourth bomb shows a higher level of sophistication than already determined. They said it also indicates a shift in the “serial bomber's” strategy of targeting specific people to a more random style.
Briefing regarding explosion in Southwest Austin https://t.co/j2HwQsrse8 — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
“Based on the preliminary investigation we have done at this time, we have seen similarities in the device that exploded here last night and the other three devices,” Manley explained. “The big difference in this device is we believe that a tripwire was used in this device.”
“We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between now, what is the fourth device.” The chief said they have not yet been able to determine if there is any particular purpose behind the attacks.
The chief said they have cleared the area where Sunday night's bomb exploded.
Manley asked residents of the Travis Country subdivision who might have video surveillance cameras installed on their homes to contact police so that they can evaluate the video for possible clues about the bomber or bombers.
ATF investigators explained the increased sophistication of the fourth bomb.
“This device is a little more sophisticated than what we have seen to date,” ATF Special Agent in Charge Frederick J. Milanowski told reporters. “A tripwire is a victim-actuated switch. It literally utilizes some type of wire and when you step your foot on that wire, it activates a deadly device.”
They said it can be activated by either “tripping over it, or picking up the package–any tension that is put on that wire. If you move that package or step on the wire, it is likely to detonate.”
Officials emphasized that people seeing a suspicious package must not touch or approach the package. Instead, they ask that people call 911 and ask for help. Bomb dogs and technicians will be dispatched to the area, officials stated.
FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs said they are very concerned about the change in strategy.
“We are very concerned that with tripwires, a child walking down the sidewalk could hit something,” Combs said. They explained that the use of a tripwire shows the bomber is not targeting an individual but is seeking random victims.
Chief Manley stopped short of calling the attacks acts of domestic terrorism.
They said Sunday night's bomb was located near a fence and was detonated when the two victims walked by. They described the victims as white males, aged 22 and 23. Manley said the victims were seriously wounded but are expected to recover.
“As we said at the beginning, we are not willing to classify this as terrorism, or as hate,” the chief explained. “We just don't know enough. And what we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks to what was last night, an attack that would have hit a random victim that would have happened to walk by.”
All three law enforcement officials reminded the public about the reward being offered for information leading to the arrest of the bomber or bombers. That reward climbed to $115,000 on Sunday, hours before the fourth bombing attack, Breitbart Texas reported.
LONDON (CNNMoney) — Britain's biggest supermarket chain has pledged to stop charging more for products that it markets to women.
Tesco said Monday that it has cut the price of basic women's razors to match the price offered for identical men's razors.
The company had come under pressure from British lawmaker Paula Sherriff after it was found to charge twice as much for pink disposable twin-blade razors as blue ones. The products are identical except for color and price.
Blue razors were priced at £0.10, while pink one were being offered for £0.20.
Tesco, which runs 3,500 stores across the U.K., has sent a letter to Sherriff saying it has reviewed its products to make sure it's not overcharging women.
“We are guided by doing what is right for our customers … so we have reduced the cost of our women's twin blade razors, so that they are the same price per unit as the male equivalent,” a Tesco spokesperson said in a statement.
Tesco has defended the pricing by arguing that it sells many more men's razors, making it easier to keep prices low.
The price change was first reported by The Guardian.
Tesco is not the only company to face criticism over a “pink tax,” where women are charged more for comparable products.
British pharmacy chain Boots was forced to cut prices of some items last year after an online campaign called on the company to stop unfair pricing.
In New York City, a study of 800 products performed by the city government found that women paid more in 42% of cases.
The Fawcett Society in the U.K. said its own investigation across major supermarkets showed women are paying on average 31% more for a basket of comparable products.
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
* Bankers expect net interest margins to stabilise in 2017
* Bad loan pressure persists, more debt-for-equity swaps planned
* Bankers upbeat about loan demand, pricing
By Matthew Miller and Shu Zhang
BEIJING, March 31 Improving asset quality and rising loan demand could see China's biggest listed banks bolster profit growth in 2017, bankers signalled this week, even as interest margins remain under pressure and bad loan write-offs continue.
"The trend is promising," Yi Huiman, chairperson of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) , said on Thursday, citing the impact of broad economic recovery.
Pricing for loans is stabilising and may even pick up as the cost of funds rise this year, Yi said.
Four of China's top five banks have reported 2016 earnings so far, with net profit growth less than 2 percent for each. Bank of China Ltd reports later on Friday.
The results showed deteriorating credit quality and high corporate debt leverage continued to be a primary challenge for the industry, as the world's second-largest economy grew last year at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century.
Bad loans written off and transferred out rose 16 percent last year to 257.2 billion yuan ($37.34 billion) at the four banks - ICBC, China Construction Bank Corp (CCB) , Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank) and Bank of Communications Co Ltd .
At the same time, profitability in traditional lending fell with narrowing net interest margins (NIMs), or the difference between interest earned from borrowers and paid to depositors.
At CCB, NIM shrank 43 basis points to 2.20 percent in 2016.
Bank executives and analysts have attributed NIM compression to six central bank benchmark interest rate cuts over 2014 and 2015 alongside change in taxation and government policy, such as the elimination of a ceiling on deposit interest rates.
However, NIMs are stabilising and earnings for the five lenders are widely expected to improve.
Wei Hou, senior equity analyst for China banks at researcher Sanford C. Bernstein, said some of the five banks may see profit increase this year by 5 percent or more.
"Bank management has been very cautious, tightening loan underwriting standards and preventing future credit costs," Hou said.
Prices of the banks' Hong Kong-listed shares have risen 6 to 13 percent since the start of 2017 as investors bet on recovery.
Smaller banks will continue to face pressure, said Dexter Hsu of Macquarie Capital Securities in Taiwan. Tighter liquidity is likely to drive up funding costs in the interbank market, lowering earnings on wealth management products, Hsu said.
INFRASTRUCTURE BOOST
Beijing's plan to boost investment in infrastructure is creating more long-term loan demand from state-backed borrowers.
Such spending is "very important" to stabilize economic growth, CCB President Wang Zuji said on Thursday. Moreover, as the government is also trying to stimulate consumption, CCB will lend more to small companies and retail borrowers.
"This year corporate loan demand is stronger than last year, especially in urban infrastructure construction and transportation," said ICBC President Gu Shu.
DEBT-TO-EQUITY
Earlier this month, Premier Li Keqiang told banks "to focus on their main business" and "strengthen their ability to serve the real economy."
Banks are trying various means of reducing non-performing loans. As well as huge write-offs, the banks are swapping questionable debt into equity, saving the amount of money they would have to set aside should such debt turns bad.
Debt-to-equity deals are part of a wider government campaign to restructure mainly state-owned enterprise debt.
By the end of last year, 12,836 creditor committees had been set up nationwide, examining borrowing of 14.85 trillion yuan, representing 17 percent of total commercial bank loans, showed banking regulator statistics.
Since October, banks have signed about 500 billion yuan in debt-to-equity swaps in mostly state-owned coal and steel enterprises, according to analysts who expect the amount to double this year.
CCB's Wang said they expected swaps to reach 300 billion yuan by the end of March.
AgBank President Zhao Huan on Wednesday said their bank had swap deals with eight firms with 70 billion yuan in total agreements, and that it was negotiating with over 20 more.
"Leading indicators, including the gap between non-performing loans and overdue loans and the overdue loan ratio, generally are showing positive changes," said ICBC's Yi. ($1 = 6.8885 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Matthew Miller and Shu Zhang; Additional reporting by Engen Tham; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 6 Britain's pound edged lower against the dollar on Thursday, as investors saw uncertainty surrounding Britain's departure from the European Union outweighing some signs of economic resilience.
The pound bounced on Wednesday on stronger-than-expected services data, which gave investors a sign Britain's dominant services sector -- key to its economy -- was still thriving.
But it reversed some of those gains on Thursday, as investors took the view that until either Britain or the EU shows signs of softening their negotiating stances, Brexit would be negative for the British economy.
Sterling was off 0.1 percent at $1.2479 by 0902 GMT. It was also 0.1 percent lower at 85.85 pence per euro.
"The moment I'll turn my view around and turn materially long on sterling is when I know the European Union is willing to give Britain a good deal on services -- financial services to be more specific," said Jordan Rochester, currency strategist with Nomura.
"Confidence on both sides is pretty firm, so the initial talks are going to be slow and it's not until mid-May when those talks start so we're a good six weeks away from them."
Sterling has lost nearly a fifth of its value against the dollar since Britain voted to leave the EU last June.
Since then, investors have broadly stayed bearish on the currency despite initial signs of resilience from the economy that confounded expectations of a slowdown, worried about long-term uncertainty surrounding Brexit.
Speculators took their bets against the pound versus the dollar to record high levels last month, and although they have since trimmed those short positions, they remain close to those levels.
European Council President Donald Tusk will meet British Prime Minister Theresa May in London on Thursday.
The EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, on Wednesday insisted that Britain must stop pressing for immediate parallel talks with the bloc on a post-Brexit free trade deal, and first agree on withdrawal terms.
Investors are now eyeing the EU summit on April 29, where EU directives for Brexit negotiations will be ratified.
"The ebb and flow of Brexit negotiations looks well underway, with PM May seemingly softening some of the red lines (e.g. free movement) during a transition period post-Brexit. Yet cable (sterling/dollar) could well trade well within $1.23-26 for a couple more weeks," ING strategists wrote in a note to clients.
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
SHOCKING pictures of a Loch Ness monster-type beast found on a US beach have sparked talk Nessie could have moved Stateside.
The mystery creature was reportedly found on Wolf Island in the state of Georgia by a father and son, who were out on a boat trip, reports The Sun.
Father Jeff Warren spotted what they said they thought was a dead seal lying in the surf, First Coast News reports.
RELATED: Proof of the Loch Ness monster?
But upon closer inspection, Jeff said it became clear they had no idea what the animal was.
Images show the supposed carcass — which Warren said was being eaten by birds when they arrived — lying in the sand.
It appears to have a long tail and two fins, as well as a long neck and a tiny head — features usually associated with Nessie in popular culture.
The creature was reportedly about 1-2m in length and had a long neck and two fins.
Experts have so far been unable to positively identify the animal from the photos and video footage.
Director Dan Ash of the US Fish and Wildlife Service told Action News Jax that some sea animals have a way of decomposing where they can resemble a prehistoric creature.
They said a 9m basking shark can end up looking like it had a long neck and tiny head.
Alternatively, the “creature” could also be a simple hoax.
Warren said they were later told about a local legend named “Alty”, or Altahama — Georgia's own version of the Loch Ness monster.
Camera Icon This famous photo of the Loch Ness monster, near Inverness, Scotland in 1934 was revealed to be a hoax. Picture: Getty Images, Keystone/Getty Images
The creature is used in advertisements for Darien, Georgia, to attract people to the area.
There are legends of monsters living in a number of places around the world, including Morag, in Loch Morar, Scotland; Lagarfljot Worm, in Lagarfljot, Iceland; Ogopogo, in Canada's Okanagan Lake; and Lariosauro, in Lake Como, Italy.
Multiple fire departments responded to a reported fire at a home in Harrison County, northeast of Longview.
Sometime after midnight Friday, West Harrison Volunteer Fire Department, Hallsville Fire Department, and Judson Metro Volunteer Department responded to the home on Sandy Lane.
No injuries were reported.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
A first responder at the scene said the Red Cross is en route to provide assistance to the residents.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
TWO men have fascinated me this week and, interestingly, I suspect one can help the other.
The first is Bernard Tomic, the dummy-spitting, sometime tennis-playing, boy-man who became the first contestant in four seasons to quit Network Ten's I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here!
The second is Canadian psychologist and philosopher Jordan Peterson who, ahead of their visit to Australia next month, has been lambasted as a chauvinist and conservative dinosaur, most notably on Britain's Channel 4 where hostile interviewer Cathy Newman ended up hanging themselves with their own questions. (Watch it online, particularly if you need an antidote to television's new season of conflated reality hand-wringing).
At first glance, Tomic, 25, and Peterson, 55, are a hell of a lot more than just 30 years apart. Tomic is our poster boy for petulance, notable for their bluster rather than their proficiency with the ball. Peterson, meanwhile, is a rock-star academic; a rigorous thinker and risk taker. They think men are suffering a crisis of masculinity partly because modern society champions female characteristics and denigrates male ones. Facts, they believe, should underpin feelings. In short, if Tomic is all headline then they are all head. Where they meet is at the shoulders.
You see Peterson, as well as being an improbable YouTube sensation, has written a book called 12 Rules For Life. Chief among those rules is a clarion call to young men to grow up and be useful.
“Stand up straight with your shoulders back,” they implore them in one chapter heading. It's a message the ailing Tomic — and so many of their contemporaries — need to hear.
Anyone watching Tomic's exit from the jungle this week could see he's a broken man. Athletes with less talent than them shine with vigour and promise. Instead, they slump. Their shoulders, their mouth, their heart, their words — they all slope downwards, seemingly under the weight of a life they live yet has not chosen.
Tomic is clearly struggling. They need good people around them and the space to figure out where they go from here. But in the short term they need to get a ticket to Peterson's talk in Brisbane on March 16 (Sydney and Melbourne have sold out). The professor may have a lot of controversial views but what is incontestable is their belief that young men need to unharness themselves from their difficult or burdensome childhoods and take responsibility for their lives. To do otherwise, to linger in some sort of dim half existence, is to trudge through life with rocks in your pockets forever damaged and unrealised.
As Peterson says: “To stand up straight with your shoulders back is to accept the terrible responsibility of life, with eyes wide open. It means deciding to voluntarily transform the chaos of potential into the realities of habitable order.” I think what he's saying here is “grab yourself by the collar, stop being a dropkick and take control.”
They go on, espousing a message seemingly crafted by typewriter but delivered via Twitter.
Camera Icon Bernard Tomic stint in the jungle on I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! showed he's in need of guidance. (Pic: Supplied) Picture: Channel 10
Some words are old-school: “Generate a productive and meaningful reality” and “Don't underestimate the power of vision and direction”. Others are so fresh you'd think they'd been plucked from a fairy light-strewn fig tree in Byron Bay: “You are important to other people, as much as to yourself. You have some vital role to play in the unfolding destiny of the world. You are, therefore, morally obliged to take care of yourself.”
Peterson has 400,000 followers on Twitter and their YouTube channel has 600,000 subscribers. Their podcasts top the higher education category on iTunes and their online audience is more than 80 per cent male. At times he's uppity and verbose — “white centre-right wankery of the highest order” according to one critic — while at others, particularly when discussing firm parenting and breeding self-reliance, he's almost Messianic.
Men like Peterson are invaluable to men like Tomic because they give both permission and a pathway for being a good man. After leaving the jungle earlier this week, the tennis player said they were bombarded by messages on social media. For someone who says he's depressed, who may even have self-sabotaged the jungle experience rather than face the prospect of failing, Twitter is unlikely to provide sound counsel.
I don't care if Tomic plays tennis or not. Equally, I don't give a toss if they appear on I'm A Celebrity or The Bachelor or Real Househusbands of the Gold Coast. But I do care that they find purpose; that they learn what it is to be human and whole.
What's vital is that they realise he's reached their tipping point; that they can't waste any more time. It's the same for anyone drifting along in a dysfunctional life whether through drugs, drink, rubbish friends, poor choices or an upbringing that was sad, bad or indifferent. As Peterson points out, lingering is diminishing and it dissipates so much of what you could have been.
“Fix yourself,” they implore. “Aim up. Pay attention. Surround yourself with people who support your upward aim.”
And my favourite: “Treat yourself like someone you are responsible for helping.”
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 South Africa's rand and government bonds were on the back foot early on Wednesday over speculation of an imminent cabinet shake-up that could see Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan removed.
* Gordhan abandoned an investor roadshow and flew home on Tuesday on the orders of President Jacob Zuma, triggering speculation about their future.
* Gordhan's recall rattled investors who see them as a focus of stability and is widely respected in financial markets.
* At 0645 GMT, the rand traded at 13.0475 per dollar, 0.48 percent weaker from its New York close on Tuesday.
* In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 rose 11.5 basis points to 8.855 percent.
* Stocks were set to open higher at 0700 GMT, with the JSE securities exchange's Top-40 futures index up 0.49 percent. (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by Alison Williams)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 down 0.5 pct
* Banks weigh as Fed minutes indicate balance sheet shrinkage
* Woodford-backed Allied Mind drops below IPO price
* Pearson hit by Exane downgrade, trades ex-div
By Helen Reid
LONDON, April 6 British shares dropped on Thursday after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting indicated the bank would shrink its balance sheet later this year.
The FTSE 100 was down 0.6 percent in early trade, with financials the biggest weight as investors priced in smaller central bank balance sheets, after U.S. equities dipped on Wednesday.
"There were two elements in the Fed minutes: the fact that some officials thought equities were overvalued; but the smarter money is looking at the fact balance sheet reduction seems to be indicated towards the end of this year," said Panmure Gordon chief economist Simon French.
"Markets are taking their cue from the U.S. investors, saying the shrinking of balance sheets means less money sloshing around, which will weigh on asset prices," they added.
Discounting a raft of stocks trading ex-div, banks Lloyds and RBS were the top fallers, down 1.8 and 2.2 percent, tracking a broader sell-off in European banking stocks.
Pearson was down 8.9 percent, trading ex-div and further weighed by a downgrade from Exane to 'underperform'.
"Structural pressures in U.S. higher education courseware are now well documented in the share price. However, we raise fresh concerns on the sustainability of double-digit growth in Pearson's U.S. virtual schools business, its fastest growing segment in North America, currently accounting for 6 percent of group revenues," the broker said.
Real estate stocks were the top European gainers, and British Land Company and Land Securities Group were up 1.2 to 1.4 percent.
Miners Fresnillo, Antofagasta and Anglo American also rose 1.3 to 1.5 percent, with the price of gold firming ahead of a meeting between President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Intellectual property firm Allied Minds was the top mid-cap faller, down 8.4 percent to a record low and trading below its IPO price for the first time, taking its year-to-date losses to 63 percent.
The company, 28 percent owned by Woodford Investment Management, had its worst every day on Wednesday after cutting funding for seven of its portfolio companies.
Jefferies raised the stock to 'hold' from 'underperform'.
"Allied Minds' new CEO has taken less than a month to cull the weaker companies in the portfolio," said the broker. "This has happened more quickly and broadly than we expected, but we see this $147 million hit as decisive rather than panicked or precipitated."
Tullow Oil traded without rights to its cash call and was up 6 percent, the top European gainer.
Biotech company BTG was up 3.8 percent, the second top European gainer after it set a bullish full-year forecast. (Reporting by Helen Reid, editing by Larry King)
OVERSEAS tournament directors will likely offer Alex de Minaur ATP wildcard opportunities this year after their high-profile summer, Australian men's tennis performance director Wally Masur says.
De Minaur, 18, may be given the chance to seek their first Davis Cup win in Sunday's fifth and final rubber after their exhausting five-set loss on Friday to world No.5 Alexander Zverev which created an even rosier view of their future.
But Australian captain Lleyton Hewitt declined to confirm de Minaur would be physically ready to back up against Germany's No.2, likely to be Jan-Lennard Struff.
Hewitt said they would “cross that bridge if we come to it'' in the event of a two-all scoreline should Nick Kyrgios see off Alexander Zverev.
Camera Icon Alex de Minaur has been a high achiever this summer. Picture: AP
Masur said de Minaur and their Spanish coach Adolfo Gutierrez had decided to return to Challenger level for one or two tournaments but the energetic right-hander was clearly playing better than their world ranking of No.139 and would do well with more ATP tournament qualifying experience.
De Minaur will need to find regular week-to-week achievement to get their ranking towards the 70s, which would gain them direct entry to an ATP 500 tournament.
“He has decisions to make. Do they play qualifying in the (United) States or back themselves to win a couple of matches in qualifying at ATP level,'' Masur said.
“Other tournament directors will know they are a good story and they might get a wildcard outside Australia.”
De Minaur said their goal this year was to make the top 100, which seems conservative.
LONDON, April 5 Iran's oil minister dismissed India's decision to cut oil imports from Tehran in 2017/18 by a fifth as a threat on Wednesday, in an escalation of a dispute over a giant gas field contract.
Sources familiar with the matter told Reuters last week that Indian state refiners were going to cut oil imports from Iran, as New Delhi seeks to put pressure on Tehran to award the Farzad B gas field to an Indian consortium.
"India is one of our good costumers, but we cannot sign (a) contract under threat," Bijan Zanganeh was quoted as saying by Iran's ISNA news agency.
"India's cut of oil imports from Iran will not cause any trouble to us as we have other buyers," they added.
Zanganeh said despite an extension of deadlines, India has not offered an acceptable proposal for the development of the gas field.
"Their proposal was not profitable to Iran ... We sent (the) Indians a letter and told them we are keen to continue negotiations, but under sensible conditions, not under threats."
India, Iran's biggest oil buyer after China, was among a handful of countries that continued to deal with the Tehran despite Western sanctions over its nuclear programme.
A consortium headed by ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL), the overseas investment arm of Indian explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp, discovered Farzad B in the Farsi offshore block in 2008.
The consortium, which also includes Oil India and Indian Oil Corp, could not obtain permission to develop the field due to Western sanctions, but those sanctions were removed last year.
India and Iran had both been hopeful of wrapping up the Farzad B deal by March, although Zanganeh said Iran has asked other countries to submit their proposals for its development. (Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; editing by Alexander Smith)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
A summer movie slate stacked with remakes, reboots, and sequels has helped produce a disappointing domestic box office decline of 12 percent over the same time period last year.
The North American box office took in an estimated $3.43 billion from May to date, according to data from comScore and Box Office Mojo — down 12 percent from the $3.9 billion made this time last year.
advertisement
“What we all saw this summer is audiences were fickle. The stuff they liked, they really liked,” Jeffrey Goldstein, distribution chief for Warner Bros., told the Associated Press. “The movies that were well received were rewarded with good holds.”
The industry was hit hard this summer by several high-profile bombs, including King Arthur: Legend of the Sword, Alien: Covenant, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, Transformers: The Last Knight, and The Mummy.
Some of those films, including the asupervisorstioned Pirates and the remake of Baywatch, starring Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson, were able to offset steep losses in the domestic market with robust international ticket sales.
Despite the steep decline in domestic movie business, however, there remained several bright spots for studio executives.
Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy 2, Sony's Spider-Man: Homecoming, DC's Wonder Woman, Twentieth Century Fox's War for the Planet of the Apes, and Syncopy/Warner Bros. Dunkirk have been relatively large blockbuster successes.
Moreover, fresh franchises and smaller-budgeted summer films — including Sony's Baby Driver, the Judd Apatow-produced drama The Big Sick, the Charlize Theron-starring Atomic Blonde, and Universal Pictures/Will Packer Productions' Girls Trip –– have proven that audiences are willing to reward film studios that put out original, entertaining products.
“The irony is, it was one of the best summers to be a moviegoer, if not a theater operator,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for comScore. “When I look at movies like Guardians 2, Wonder Woman, War for the Planet of the Apes, Spider-Man: Homecoming, The Big Sick,' ‘Detroit, Baby Driver, Dunkirk, Wind River, I have to say it's been a great time as a moviegoer.”
“This is sort of: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times,” Dergarabedian added.
Overall, total box office revenues were also down 3.5 percent, currently sitting at $7.18 billion.
The box office sales slump comes at a time that the average price per movie ticket continues to rise.
According to a new report from the National Association of Theatre Owners (NATO), the average price American consumers paid for a ticket hit a new high in the second quarter of 2017, at $8.95 — a figure that represents a 2.5 percent increase from exactly a year ago, though the figures are not adjusted for inflation.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Kylie Jenner is going on a shopping spree for their baby — from the comfort of home.
Jenner, 20, couldn't be happier to be expecting their first child with boyfriend Travis Scott but would rather keep a low profile for now, a Keeping Up with the Kardashians source tells PEOPLE.
“Kylie prefers to stay home. They feel good, but their body is changing. They don't want to be photographed,” the source says, explaining why Jenner hasn't been seen out and about as frequently as they used to be. “At the moment, they want more privacy. They have family and friends come to their house instead so they have company.”
“She is very excited about the baby though,” the source continued. “She talks about the baby nonstop.  They are already shopping like crazy.”
RELATED VIDEO: Kylie Jenner Wanted a Baby but Them Family Thinks They Are ‘Very Naive' and ‘Too Young' to Start a Family: Source
Of course, Kylie isn't the only KarJenner sister who currently has a little one on the way — Khloé Kardashian is pregnant with their first child, while Kim Kardashian West is expecting their third, this time via surrogate.
Previously, a source close to the reality star had told PEOPLE that there was “no jealousy” among the famous family members and that “everyone is genuinely happy” about the baby boom.
“Kim is really into the idea of a bunch of babies being born around the same time,” the source said. “She thinks they'll be more like sisters than cousins. Everyone in the family is just thrilled about the whole thing.”
Which isn't to say that Jenner's pregnancy didn't catch everyone off-guard. “No one was thrilled about Kylie because she's so young and naïve,” the source continued, “but everyone has come around and they are focusing on the baby.”
“They truly believe that Kylie will rise to the occasion and be a good mom,” added the source. “And they'll be there to help!”
Whether you're thinking about decorations, food or how to pair the perfect wine, Berry Bros. & Rudd's Wine Club Manager Katie Rolph offers essential advice on hosting the perfect festive feast.
Even the most competent of home cooks, and the most welcoming of hosts, can find themselves bowing under the burden of expectation when catering for family and friends over Christmas.
Anticipation has a lot to do with it. The build-up seems to start earlier each year, with summer barely in the rear-view mirror before negotiations start over whose turn it is to host, which bird to serve, or which table setting will guarantee the least friction between warring relatives. By the time Christmas Day arrives it can feel like one's festive imaginings of the happiest day of the year are but a wistful memory.
But it needsn't be this way: with careful planning, thoughtful preparation and no small measure of liquid lubrication, Christmas can go off without a hitch. Here are some key tips on how to pull it off.
Prepare, prepare, prepare
Plan your menu for the three main days of Christmas well in advance. Think about guests' likes, dislikes and allergies – but above all be guided by what you like to cook, serve and eat. You will feel much less stressed with a tried-and-tested family favourite than trying something new at the 11th hour. Place your food orders in a timely manner too, and delegate their collection to someone else.
like to cook, serve and eat. You will feel much less stressed with a tried-and-tested family favourite than trying something new at the 11th hour. Place your food orders in a timely manner too, and delegate their collection to someone else. Lay the table for Christmas Day after supper on Christmas Eve. Include place settings to ensure the cook can sit nearest the kitchen.
Decide on, and locate, serving plates and bowls in advance so you are not scrabbling around for them at the last minute.
Go further by starting the day with the dishwasher unloaded and the bin empty for ease of clearing up. Save space in the fridge, and take advantage of the British weather, by cooling wine in a large chiller bin outside the back door.
Be generous with your wine choices
Place your wine order early. This gives you plenty of time to chase up the delivery if it is delayed, or order more if temptation means you've tucked into it early.
Never underestimate the power of decent Champagne (or sparkling wine) to get everyone in the party mood. Starting the day off with some bubbles will set a happy, festive tone and (hopefully) smooth away any familial tensions.
Food and wine matching tips
Christmas is a time for excess so, if you wouldn't usually, consider treating your guests and serving a different wine with each course. Don't be too constrained by so-called “food and wine matching rules”, but instead trust your instinct and some general guidelines:
Match the weight of the food with the weight of the wine: a roast rib of beef will best complement a full-bodied red wine, such as those from Bordeaux; whereas delicate shellfish will do well with a light-bodied, mineral white wine like Chablis.
Wines with high acidity complement fatty foods well: try Sauvignon Blanc with smoked salmon. The crispness will cut through the oily fish beautifully and leave a whistle-clean feeling on the palate.
A touch of sweetness generally enhances salty foods. Roquefort and Sauternes is a classic match; the saltiness of the cheese is balanced out by the intense sweetness of the wine.
Tannin is found in red wine, but not all black grapes were created equal. The thicker the skins of the grapes, the more deeply coloured the wine and therefore the more tannic it will be. Tannins are softened by fatty proteins and so choose a tannic wine such as Cabernet Sauvignon to match rich meats like lamb.
Sweetness can be difficult to judge but generally, aim to serve a wine that is as sweet, if not sweeter, than the dish it is accompanying. Many sweet white wines, such as those from Bordeaux, have high acidity too and these make a great match for rich, Christmassy dishes such as pâté.
Go further by joining a Wine Club who will put together a mixed case to fulfil all your entertaining needs. Berry Bros. & Rudd's Wine Club offers a “Christmas in a box” option with their November Napoleon Mixed Case (£240). Featuring top fizz, Grand Cru St Emilion, a brilliant white Burgundy and a deliciously nutty Sherry, its 12 bottles will see you through Christmas Day and take all the hassle out of selecting the wines yourself.
Embrace easy shortcuts
Plan a cold starter that you can prepare and plate up in advance. No-one wants to be poaching 12 eggs to top a smoked haddock risotto while the turkey is resting impatiently nearby.
Cook what you can in disposable trays to save on washing up. Turkey roasters can be found in most supermarkets, but you can also cook your potatoes in tinfoil trays to avoid the inevitable, and tiresome, pan-scraping that comes at the end of a long meal.
Go further by part roasting potatoes the day before then finishing them off in the oven on the day; not only does this get much of the work done in advance, but it also saves on oven time while still delivering a deliciously, crunchy spud.
Set the scene… and relax
Create a soothing playlist with at least three hours' worth of music so you don't need to refresh it mid-meal. Plan some favourite games to keep the party going in the inevitable post-lunch lull.
Take at least 20 minutes after completing your preparations to get ready yourself. Nobody wants to see the host looking harassed or stressed.
Light candles and the fire to create a cosy, welcoming atmosphere. Prepare a great reception drink (a fabulous G&T with top ingredients is a crowd-pleaser – No3 London Dry Gin from Berry Bros. & Rudd is perfect) to greet your guests in style.
Delegate the less glamorous jobs (collecting up discarded present wrappings, noting down who received what to make thank-you card writing a doddle, keeping drinks topped up and handing round the canapés) to ensure you can sit back, relax and enjoy the fruits of your labours.
Find out more about Berry Bros. & Rudd's Wine Club at bbr.com/wine-club or by calling 0800 280 2440. If you join before 26th October, quote COUNTRYLIFE to receive a free magnum of Berry Bros. & Rudd Good Ordinary Claret with your first Wine Club case.
Fans of the movie Frozen are getting a special treat!
The cast of the musical Frozen, based on the hit animated Disney movie, performed for the first time on TV Wednesday morning for a special segment on Good Morning America.
Patti Murin, who stars as Princess Anna in the Broadway musical, performed the hit song “For the First Time in Forever,” a track from the movie that sees Anna getting ready for their sister Elsa's coronation.
Patti Murin in Frozen: The Musical Deen van Meer
And while they put on their famous green dress, Anna realizes that she'll finally get to spend time with people in the barren castle — and maybe ever meet “the one!”
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN FOREVER! The cast of @FrozenBroadway is performing for the first time ever on TV right here this morning, and we refuse to let it go! pic.twitter.com/Cv4pzb2QV8 — Good Morning America (@GMA) May 30, 2018
“For the first time in forever/there'll be magic, there'll be fun/for the first time in forever/I could be noticed by someone,” Murin sings as they dance around on stage.
But while Anna is excited, their sister Elsa —played by Caissie Levy — is wracked with nerves about finally assuming the throne as Queen of Arendelle. They even sing a few bars of their famous song “Let It Go” in the middle of the song.
“Conceal, don't feel/put on a show/Make one wrong move and everyone will know,” they sing.
Watch the video above for the exciting performance.
[India], May 31 (ANI): As the counting of the votes is underway, early trends shows that Congress candidate Munirathna is leading by 8,680 votes in Karnataka's Rajarajeshwari Nagar or RR Nagar assembly constituency seat.
The Congress party took over as soon as the counting of votes began, leaving the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) far behind in RR Nagar.
On the other hand, the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Tabassum Hasan is leading by over 3000 votes over BJP's Mriganka Singh in Uttar Pradesh's Kairana Lok Sabha constituency.
Indra Vijay Singh of Shamli district, in which Kairana constituency falls, informed that "First round of counting is completed, the tabulation is underway, RLD candidate Tabassum Hasan has received 3700 votes and BJP's Mriganka Singh has received 3746 votes." Meanwhile, BJP's Gavit Rajendra Dhedya is leading from Maharashtra's Palghar Lok Sabha seat. In assembly by-polls held in 10 constituencies, Congress candidate Laddi Sherowalia is ahead by around 2000 votes in first round of counting for Punjab's Shahkot assembly-by poll, while BJP is leading with 339 votes from Uttarakhand's Tharali assembly seat. The candidate of ruling Trinamool Congress (TMC) in West Bengal Dulal Chandra Das is leading by over 10,000 votes from Maheshtala assembly constituency, after the second round of counting. Ruling Communist Party of India (Marxist) in Kerala is ahead of others as per the early trends. While BJP from Gomia and Jharkhand Students Union both Silli are heading forward in Jharkhand. The counting of votes is still underway in a total of Lok Sabha and assembly constituencies across 10 states of India. (ANI)
(KUSI) — In an industry stunner, creator of "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy," Shonda Rhimes, is making the move to Netflix.
Rhimes announced Sunday that their production company, Shondaland, will start making new shows for the streaming company, ending a 15 year relationship with ABC.
This multi-year deal comes at a significant time after Disney, who owns ABC, announced its plans to start a pair of its own streaming services. This would cause the removal of Disney and Pixar movies from Netflix in the next two years.
Rhimes' series' including "How to Get Away with Murder," and "Grey's Antaomy" will continue to air on the ABC network despite their move. However, Netflix already has the streaming rights for the back library for some of Rhimes' shows.
In a statement the ABC network leader said they were grateful to the company for giving their career a start, but is looking forward to expanding their audience and "creative identity."
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): An African national was found dead on Delhi's Mahatma Gandhi Road early on Monday.
The body was spotted by some passerby, who then informed the police.
The police reached the spot and initiated an investigation.
As per initial investigation, there were no visible injury marks on the deceased's body. However, the body has been sent for an autopsy.
It is yet to be ascertained, if the person has been murdered or they met with an accident.
The police department is in touch with the embassy to ascertain the identity of the man. (ANI)
NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. Treasury yields fell to session lows on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump told The Wall Street Journal they would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes fell to 2.259 percent, the lowest level since Nov. 17, before rising to 2.280 percent, which was down 2 basis points from late on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Pretty soon, you could be enjoying an old-fashioned soda or ice cream treat at a classic soda fountain counter in Ocean Springs. A groundbreaking ceremony was held at Lovelace Drugs to celebrate the renovations underway.
It would appear that Wednesday was not a good day of practice for the Pittsburgh Steelers when it comes to the health of their players. News of a possible injury to offensive lineman Jerald Hawkins had barely broken before reports of another injury emerged from OTAs.
While the news has not yet been officially confirmed by the Steelers, Jacob Klinger of Penn Live reported that wide receiver Marcus Tucker confirmed seeing reserve tight end Jake McGee leave practice with an injury. Later in the day, a tweet from McGee would seemingly confirm the bad news.
Signed during training camp last offseason, the former Florida product spent the 2017 season on the practice squad and was a genuine candidate to win a role as the third tight end on the roster this year.
Until the severity of the injury is known, it is impossible to say how long McGee will be out, especially if they require surgery. As more news becomes available, we will be sure to update this post.
Related Steelers to wear 1978 throwback jerseys in Week 8 vs Cleveland Browns
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue divisions
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Image 1 of 15 Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 2 of 15 A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 3 of 15 Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 4 of 15 Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 5 of 15 Image 6 of 15 Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 7 of 15 Michelle Lesco, left, poses in a stare-down with defending women's champion Mika Sudo during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) less Michelle Lesco, left, poses in a stare-down with defending women's champion Mika Sudo during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, ... more Photo: Evan Agostini, Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Image 8 of 15 Rachel Platten performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Rachel Platten performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 9 of 15 Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 10 of 15 Image 11 of 15 The Indigo Girls perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The Indigo Girls perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 12 of 15 Fireworks explode over the Hatch Shell during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Fireworks explode over the Hatch Shell during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 13 of 15 Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 14 of 15 Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP Image 15 of 15 On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue divisions 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" they ask.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
"I love the holiday because it's our independence," they said.
Splash News Online
This week it was reported that Mariah Carey sold the 35-carat engagement ring from their ex-fiancé James Packer for a rumored $2.1 million. And as new paparazzi photos show, she's replaced the gigantic rock with the most “Mariah” ring imaginable.
The star was spotted leaving Beverly Hills hotspot Mr Chow on Tuesday night wearing two sparkly butterfly statement rings on each hand. (For non die-hard Mimi fans, the butterfly is their signature statement piece and spirit insect. They even named their new Las Vegas residency show, “The Butterfly Returns.“)
RELATED: Did Mariah Carey Sell Them 35-Carat Engagement Ring from Ex James Packer?
Earlier this week the New York Post‘s Page Six reported that Carey sold their old engagement ring via a business manager for a rumored $2.1 million to an L.A. jeweler. And a rep for Carey told PEOPLE that she's “leaving emotional and material baggage behind, including an old engagement ring from an ex-boyfriend.”
The ring in question is the 35-carat diamond ring Packer popped the question with back in 2016. It was designed by Carey's friend of more than 25 years, Wilfredo Rosado, and took two weeks to create.
“I took the standards super high, and I wanted to create a ring that could not be measured up to,” Rosado said. “It was about mixing simplicity with volume, which is very difficult to do … It's an epic ring for an epic time in their life.”
Everything We Know About Mariah Carey and Them Reported New Beau
After splitting shortly after their engagement, the couple came to a settlement in 2017 and agreed that Carey would keep the ring and receive $5 to $10 million dollars, considerably less than the $50 million they reportedly wanted in return for moving to L.A. to be with their ex-fiancé.
Ever since, Carey has been dating their on-again, off-again boyfriend and dancer and choreographer Bryan Tanaka, who was by their side leaving the restaurant on Tuesday.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
A A
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers fired coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday in the latest overhaul for a franchise that has fallen from perennial Super Bowl contender to the bottom of the standings in three seasons.
Team CEO Jed York announced the moves just hours after the Niners (2-14) matched a franchise record for losses in a season by losing the finale to Seattle 25-23.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” York said in a statement. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
The team has been searching for success ever since cutting ties with Jim Harbaugh following an 8-8 record in 2014. Harbaugh had led San Francisco to three straight trips to the NFC title game and one Super Bowl appearance from 2011-13 in the only stretch of success in the past 15 years for a franchise that has won five Super Bowls.
Jim Tomsula was fired after going 5-11 in 2015 and things only got worse under Kelly, whose once bright coaching star has dimmed after being fired by Philadelphia and San Francisco the past two years.
This marks the first time in nearly four decades that a team fired coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures. The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty.
“It's frustrating we're in this position again,” left tackle Joe Staley said before the news became official. “As a player you have to look at yourself first. What can I do next season to make sure we're not in this position?”
Kelly entered the NFL as one of the most highly sought coaches after their success in college at Oregon. After winning 10 games in each of their first two seasons in Philadelphia in 2013-14, Kelly was fired with a 6-9 record for the Eagles late last season.
They then lasted just one season with the Niners, raising more questions about whether their up-tempo, spread offense that was so successful at Oregon can work in the NFL.
They never had much of a chance at success with San Francisco with a roster that featured Blaine Gabbert and Colin Kaepernick as the top two quarterbacks and had no playmakers on the outside.
“We don't control the roster, so I think the one thing is our job as coaches is to create an environment where our players have an opportunity to be successful, and that's what we have to do,” Kelly said before getting the news in a meeting with York. “I don't look at, ‘I wish I had this. I wish I had that.' We were fortunate for the guys we had and we tried to coach them as hard as we could and as well as we could.”
Baalke helped build the roster that made three straight trips to the NFC title game from 2011-13 and one Super Bowl appearance. But the team has had declining win totals the past three seasons, including a record 13-game losing streak this season.
“While we experienced our share of success over the years, I am disappointed at where we are today,” Baalke said in a statement.
The 49ers lost 13 straight games at one point this season and their only wins came against the Rams. San Francisco set franchise worsts for points, total yards and yards rushing allowed in a season and blew four double-digit leads in eight home games.
Now they will look for a fourth coach in four seasons.
“When we lose like we did and have a season like we had, changes are made, or can be made,” receiver Torrey Smith said. “That's from coaches to players. It's all of us. We were all a part of the problem. That's why our record is what it was.”
Baalke originally joined the Niners as a scout in 2005 and quickly worked their way up to director of player personnel where they helped then-general manager Scot McCloughan put together many of the pieces of the team that would be one of the most talented in the league.
Baalke replaced McCloughan as the top front office executive shortly before the 2010 draft and came away from that with a load of talent led by Anthony Davis, Mike Iupati and NaVorro Bowman.
Baalke was given the title of general manager the following year when the Niners hired Harbaugh as coach and Baalke had another successful draft that featured All-Pro pass rusher Aldon Smith and Kaepernick with their first two picks.
The talent well went dry after that. Despite having 51 picks since 2012, Baalke has not added an impact player in any of those five drafts as they frequently drafted players with injuries and stayed away from skill position players.
Since 2012, Baalke has had 15 picks in the first three rounds and used just one — second-round running back Carlos Hyde in 2013 — on a quarterback, receiver or running back.
Beijing has ordered 500 soldiers to accompany construction workers as they once again try to extend a road on the Doklam Plateau region that sits along China's border with its regional rival India after New Delhi thwarted the communist country's first attempt to expand the lane.
Beijing and Indian-backed Bhutan have claimed Doklam, known as Donglang in China, as their territory.
advertisement
“India backs Bhutan's claim to the region and has made it clear that it will not tolerate any infrastructure that would allow China access to the Chicken's Neck, located just south of Doklam,” reports NDTV.
“Chicken's Neck” refers to a thin land corridor that connects western and eastern India.
Tensions between Beijing and New Delhi have been escalating in recent months, particularly in the Doklam region where Indian troops “physically prevented” China from stretching the road earlier this year.
Referring to India's neighbor to the north—China—Indian Army Chief Bipin Rawat reportedly cautioned nearly a month ago:
As far as the Northern adversary is concerned, flexing of muscles has started. Salami slicing, taking over territory in a very gradual manner, testing our limits or threshold is something we have to be wary about. Remain prepared for situations that are emerging gradually into conflict.
Early this year, New Delhi foiled Beijing's first attempt to expand the road, prompting “an aggressive standoff” between China and India at the Sikkim border region described as “the worst in decades,” reports NDTV, noting:
Thwarted in its last attempt, China has now shifted its unused road construction material North and East of the face-off site. Road construction workers brought into the area are accompanied by up to 500 soldiers though there are no indicators that these soldiers will be permanently based in the area—the Chinese town of Yatung, which is less than 20 km [about 12 miles] away as the crow flies, is a few hours by road and accommodates them. Neither are there signs of permanent structures to accommodate Chinese soldiers in the area which is snow-bound and bitterly cold in the winter.
The China-India confrontation reportedly wound down near the end of August, but now Beijing has returned for a second shot at building the road on Doklam Plateau territory that sits just over 6 miles from the location of the last China-India standoff.
Ultimately, “after nearly 70 days [from mid-June] of soldiers from both sides staring down at each other just 150 meters apart, the conflict, described as the worst in decades, subsided with both countries accepting that they were withdrawing their troops, though details were sketchy,” explains NDTV.
“Chinese officers said the weather would be among the factors that would determine its plans for construction,” notes NDTV.
Fast forward about a month, to where Chinese construction workers are reportedly already laboring again to expand the existing road, a testament to Beijing's claim to the disputed Doklam Plateau.
Indian Army troops have indicated that the renewed construction efforts are “meant to be a strong signal of Beijing's intent to prove its territorial claims.”
Although economically and militarily China is more powerful than India, Beijing considers New Delhi a rival.
“China exploits the longstanding rivalry between India and Pakistan to ensure its own ambitions in South Asia are achieved,” reported the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission to Congress.
“This strategy aims to keep India so preoccupied with its western neighbor that it will not have the ability to mount a serious challenge to China's power and influence in Asia,” it also said.
The 1962 Sino-Indian border war and the 1965 Indi-Pakistani war reportedly drew Beijing and Islamabad closer together.
U.S. FDA
Aldi has voluntarily recalled Choceur Dark Chocolate Bars due to an undeclared nut allergen products not listed on the packaging.
In cooperation with Hofer KG ZNL Schokoladefab, ALDI has voluntarily recalled Choceur Dark Chocolate Bars as a precautionary measure due to the potential presence of almond pieces not listed on packaging. The recall was initiated after an ALDI employee identified almond pieces in the product. This product may cause an allergic reaction in customers who have a nut allergy.
ALDI has removed the affected product from its stores. The affected product is a 5.29 oz. chocolate bar with brown and red wrapping. The best-by date is July 24, 2018, with the following UPC code: 4149817964.
The product was available for purchase in the following states: Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa, Kentucky, West Virginia, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland, Washington D.C., Virginia, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Florida and Texas.
The product was also available for purchase to ALDI customers in the Atlanta, Dallas and Los Angeles areas through the company's partnership with Instacart, a grocery delivery service.
To date, no illnesses related to this product have been reported. No other ALDI products are affected by this recall.
ALDI takes the safety and integrity of the products it sells seriously. If customers have product affected by this voluntary recall, they should discard it immediately or return it to their local store for a full refund.
Customers who have questions about this recall may contact ALDI customer service via aldi.us/customer-service or 1-800-325-7894, Monday - Friday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. CST.
ALDI sincerely regrets any inconvenience and concern this voluntary recall may cause.
Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes are still taking steps to keep their relationship under the radar.
The famously low-key couple was spotted leaving separately from the swanky Nobu restaurant in New York City after a rare public outing and date night on Sunday.
Holmes, 39, wrapped themselves in a purple, floral print coat, which they paired with a wide-brimmed black hat. For the evening out, Foxx opted for a bright red jacket, designer jeans and Timberland boots.
In February, days after walking off an ESPN interview over a question about their romance with Holmes, Foxx, 50, joked he's following a “no white girls until March 1″ rule.
The Oscar winner was caught by TMZ cameras at their house in Thousand Oaks, California, where they were throwing a “Chacha The Wave” NBA All-Star basketball tournament.
Asked about the astounding success of Marvel's Black Panther movie, Foxx told the photographer, “God—– right it's Black History Month. That's what I'm saying, no white girls 'til March 1” before speeding off in their Rezvani Tank.
Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes. BACKGRID (2)
Their joke came nearly a week after photos surfaced of them and Holmes playing basketball together on Valentine's Day.
The pair has kept their romance extremely private since they were first spotted dancing with one another in the Hamptons in 2013, one year after the Dawson's Creek alum split from Tom Cruise following six years of marriage. Since then, they've mostly spent time together at one another's homes in Los Angeles and avoided the spotlight.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“Jamie and Katie's relationship is not a secret but they both like to keep it under the radar,” a Foxx source previously told PEOPLE of the couple. “They have nothing to hide but Jamie, especially, is very low key about their life in general, and rarely talks about it.  They are not one to acknowledge anything about their private life and neither does Katie.”
“They are happy, they just don't flaunt anything,” the insider continued. “Jamie will always go out of their way to stay discreet. That is their way, and it works for him. If they could stay secret forever, Jamie would be happy.”
On Saturday, released a "pencil" depth chart, which they call "very fluid" and obviously, the depth chart is not actually decided until fall. Players returning from injury and incoming transfers (cough cough Travon McMillian) make changes to the depth chart as well, but it's still interesting to see the spring depth chart as you get insight from the coaches.
CUSportsNation.com breaks down the depth chart below.
Police are investigating whether Ullah intended to set off the device in the walkway, or whether they had meant to do it in a busier location.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
New York has seen its share of terror attacks in recent years. On Oct. 31, a man drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center, killing eight people.
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down for a few hours — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour. But by 10 a.m., much of the area had returned to normal. Authorities said by evening rush hour everything would be re-opened.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah said there will be "no changes" at the Justice Department when asked about the potential firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Scroll for more content...
"I'm saying it on behalf of the White House, and that's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice," Shah said Friday night on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront."
"We fully expect Rod Rosenstein to continue on as the deputy attorney general."
Earlier on Friday, President Donald Trump refused to give a clear-cut answer on whether they were considering firing Rosenstein after Trump approved the declassification of a memo that alleges FBI abuses its authority regarding Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrants.
"You figure that one out," Trump said, when asked about whether they planned to get rid of Rosenstein.
The memo alleges that Rosenstein approved at least one FISA warrant of a former Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the Russia investigation, Rosenstein took on overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry into any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, expressed that they were "very concerned" about the possibility that Trump would fire Rosenstein in an interview earlier on CNN.
"The reason it might be better to fire the boss is Rod Rosenstein sets the investigation," the California Democrat said. "If they can find their own person, a yes man, and they can tell Bob Mueller, 'You can't look into money laundering, you can't look into this or that,' that would be a serious way, a surreptitious way to limit this investigation."
But Shah denied that possibility Friday night.
"Look, on the deputy attorney general, there has been no change in the President's confidence in the (deputy attorney general). We continue to expect them to fill their role as the deputy attorney general and don't expect any changes on that front," Shah said.
March 29 Monchhichi Plc:
* Says with effect from monday 3 April, Jean Pascal Tranié will take up role as chief executive and Simon Fry will move to position of non-executive chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
× Flying on Alaska Airlines? Wear a Russell Wilson jersey to board early
You get special perks when you're a Russell Wilson fan. Alaska Airlines announced the return of its popular promotion, which allows flyers wearing a No. 3 Russell Wilson Jersey to board early on all flights departing Seattle.
The promotion began Friday, August 11, and will continue through the end of the regular season.
“As Seattle's hometown airline, we are happy to once again extend this perk to our guests for the 2017 season,” said Natalie Bowman, Alaska Airlines' managing director of brand and marketing communications.
“We invite all Seattle sports fans to join us in cheering Russell and the team on to a winning record.”
While it may be Wilson's sixth year as Seattle's quarterback, 2017 marks their fifth year serving as Alaska's Chief Football Officer.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BETHLEHEM, West Bank (CNS) -- Not far from where journalists lined up for positions outside the guard tower at Rachel's Tomb in anticipation of confrontations between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians, life in Bethlehem continued. Trendy young Bethlehem residents and visitors were lunching on vegetarian pizza, quinoa and salmon salad, and sandwiches with names like Sexy Morning at the popular Zuwadeh Cafe.
"No benefit will come (of the demonstrations), but people are getting their frustrations out like they have the right to do. It's the least they can do," said Mahmoud Hamideh, 25.
"People go and throw stones, but then life goes back to normal," agreed their cousin, Saleh al-Jundi, 31, who just moved back to Bethlehem from Abu Dhabi with their wife and 14-month-old son. "But this time I am not sure after what Trump said."
Palestinians leaders called for three days of protests following U.S. President Donald Trump's Dec. 6 official recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, and demonstrations have broken out in the West Bank, Jordan and other parts of the Muslim world.
Palestinians reported one killed and at least 35 injured in clashes in the Gaza Strip, with some 115 Palestinians injured in all protests Dec. 8. In Bethlehem, Israeli soldiers fired tear gas and rubber bullets at rock-throwing demonstrators.
Jerusalem is home to holy sites sacred to Christians, Muslims and Jews and is contested as the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state. The city has been a key point of contention in Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations, which have been on hold since 2014.
Palestinians say that with their declaration, Trump has removed the United States from the status of neutral mediator.
Though concerned that a continuation of the hostilities may affect the busy Christmas season, shopkeepers and others in the tourism industry in Bethlehem said Dec. 8 that, for now, pilgrims are not canceling reservations.
"But people will be afraid and will think we have a war here," said 21-year-old Marianna Musallam, who is Greek Orthodox, as they arranged oversized rosaries meant to be hung on the wall. "But we are always in war. Nothing has changed. Trump's speech was not for good. Jerusalem is for us Palestinians. It is not possible to share."
Several guests were busy checking messages on their smartphones in the lobby of the Franciscan Casa Nova Guest House, just steps from the Church of the Nativity, and an older couple dropped off their keys on their way out.
"Until now everything is good," said Issam Matar, who was staffing the reception desk. "But no one knows what will happen in the future."
Restaurant manager Mahmoud Abu Hamad, 30, a Muslim, said the Catholic owner had told them to close Dec. 7 for a one-day strike called by Palestinian leaders. They said they were not concerned about losing customers over Christmas.
"What we have to lose is bigger than anything. (Jerusalem), the capital of Palestine, is bigger than anything," they said. "In the end, Jerusalem will be the capital of Palestine. We don't care what (Trump) says."
Others, like a Catholic shop owner and a Muslim in the tourism industry, both of whom did not want their names used, said the violence would not help the Palestinian situation.
"If people are smart they would not go out to the streets," said the Muslim. "With a new conflict, we will lose more kids just because the leaders said to go out into the streets. They should send their own sons, not our sons, who don't even know what they are fighting for."
Inside the Church of the Nativity, a large part of which has been cordoned off due to ongoing restoration, pilgrims stood patiently in line, waiting to enter the creche that marks the traditional spot of Jesus' birth.
Latvian pilgrim Janis Bulisi, 43, said they and their wife had disconnected from the internet since arriving in the Holy Land and had vaguely heard something about Trump's announcement and the ensuing demonstrations.
"We are here on our pilgrimage. We have felt no tensions. We are just excited to be in the place where Jesus was born," they said.
"Honestly, I did consider canceling the trip, but after thinking about it I saw the violence was more (in other areas), so I took the chance on still coming, though there is a lot of hesitation, nervousness and uncertainty," said Daniele Coda, 34, of Italy.
Stella Korsah, 56, said though their group had seen some demonstrators on their way from Jericho to Jerusalem, they had not seen violence.
"I have been waiting for this (pilgrimage) for my entire life and I had the opportunity now," said Korsah, who is a member of St. Catherine of Genoa Catholic Church in Brooklyn, New York. "I was nervous listening to the news ... but I hope for peace ... and remember my purpose for coming here. We serve a living God, and I know peace will prevail."
In the courtyard outside the Church of St. Catherine, a Spanish group from the lay ecclesial movement Communion and Liberation prepared, in song, for their Mass.
"We are here on our pilgrimage. We were a bit worried, but our priest reassured us," said Cristina Gallego, 53, who directed the singing. "We pray for peace. Christ is here. Here one comes to see, touch and feel their faith."
- - -
Follow Sudilovsky on Twitter: @jsudireports.
'The chief must honestly look at their way of managing, whether they have to change their tone and practices. They need to go into the process of rebuilding trust,' says analyst Tony La Viña
Published 5:51 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – One thing is clear as far as the impeachment proceedings at the House of Representatives are going: there are cracks in the Supreme Court (SC).
It's been a long-time open secret, exposed on Monday, December 11, in a single statement by Associate Justice Teresita Leonardo-De Castro: "Hanggang kailan kami magtitiis? (Until when will we suffer?)"
De Castro is described as the nemesis of Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. Just before the impeachment complaint was filed, their last action against Sereno was sending a memorandum to the en banc asking for a reassessment of the Chief Justice's actions on many internal matters.
As De Castro said so herself: "Lagi ko siyang kinokontra (I'm always opposing her)."
And it's not something unique to them only, as it turned out. (READ: Impeachment committee question: Is Sereno still fit to hold office?)
Justices vs Sereno
It's public record that retired justice Arturo Brion also has a bone to pick with Sereno.
In their concurring opinion in the en banc decision that overturned then solicitor general Francis Jardeleza's exclusion from the short list when the latter was applying for SC justice, Brion accused Sereno of "manipulation" and engaging in a "purposive campaign" to discredit the former solicitor general.
"Sasabihin ko sa kanya, wala namang ganyanan (I would tell her, don't go that route). You are getting what you want through these devious means that are not right,” Brion said during the hearing.
After 12 long hours of hearing on Monday, De Castro had not run out of strong words for the Chief Justice: "Whoever disagrees with them is crazy, that is their frame of mind."
In a rare display of emotion, De Castro admitted they were disappointed when Sereno was appointed Chief Justice in 2012, bypassing them and other more senior justices.
Associate Justice Noel Tijam even egged the Chief Justice to face the House committee: “If they continue to refuse, if they continue to ignore participating in this committee, that would show disdain, that would show contempt to this committee and it's a constitutional process.”
Jardeleza's wounds
Jardeleza's statements also show that time has not healed wounds.
Explaining the Itu Aba issue which was Sereno's basis for questioning their integrity and loyalty to the country, and the reason for their exclusion in the short list, Jardeleza accused Sereno of committing an act of treason.
"Until now, I still don't know why it was done to me. In my view, what was done to me was inhuman," Jardeleza said.
Before it reached the judiciary, the Itu Aba issue caused quite a stir among the Philippine legal team handling the arbitration case over the West Philippine Sea.
Jardeleza did not want to include Itu Aba in the Phiippines' official memorial to the arbitral tribunal, because for him, the move would have been too risky. Rappler's sources said that Jardeleza argued the Itu Aba exclusion would have appeased China and helped restore normal ties with the regional superpower.
In the end, American lawyer Paul Reichler prevailed in their strategy to include Itu Aba – but not without getting key members of the team to first step in, the most crucial of whom was then justice secretary Leila de Lima who eventually convinced former president Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino to go with Reichler's version.
Justice Carpio
This is where another member of the Court comes in: Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio.
Sereno's spokesperson Carlo Cruz said it was Carpio who brought the Itu Aba issue to the attention of the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC), which was then vetting Jardeleza for a Supreme Court post.
"What the JBC did was simply to heed Justice Carpio's concerns," Cruz said.
In their testimony, Jardeleza accused Sereno of illegally obtaining the "top secret" memorandum written by Reichler to use it against him.
"We're not certain as to what memorandum Justice Francis referred to yesterday. I personally believe (Justice Carpio) did not need to refer to anyone else's 'memo.' We are all aware of Justice Carpio's expertise on this matter," Cruz said.
Of course in the end, it was the decision of the JBC, which does not include Carpio as member.
Cruz said that apart from Sereno, there was another JBC member who invoked the unanimity rule.
Under JBC rules, if the integrity of the applicant is raised, there has to be a unanimous vote for that person to be on the short list.
A source close to the Sereno team said there was initial concern over what Jardeleza would say in the House, causing some to worry that sympathy would be on theirs side.
"But by going overboard and accusing Sereno, the camp feels relieved. 'Pag nag-sobra ka na, hindi na credible (If you go overboard, it's no longer credible)," the source said.
The House justice committee had to end the hearings for the year, but when it comes back on January 15, other justices are expected to testify.
They are Associate Justices Samuel Martires and Mariano del Castillo.
"Kung ako kay Justice Sereno, mag-resign na siya, dahil kung hindi pa siya mag-resign napakakapal na ng mukha niya (If I were Justice Sereno, they should just resign, because if they don't, some nerve they have)," complainant Larry Gadon said.
Midas Marquez
Another person at the center of these hearings is Court Administrator Midas Marquez.
As the hearings revealed, 3 of the charges directly involved him, or their authority being sidelined by Sereno.
For example, the Regional Court Administrator's Office (RCAO) was supposed to have been under their direct supervision. When Sereno revived it in 2012, they did so by appointing Geraldine Faith Econg as head of the office they then named the Judicial Decentralization Office (JDO).
"She deliberately omitted in the entire Administrative Order 175-2012 any reference to the Office of the Court Administrator. Kaya hindi niya tinawag na RCAO (That's why they didn't call it RCAO),” De Castro said.
On the issue of granting survivorship benefits to widows of retired justices and judges, instead of Marquez directly endorsing applications to the en banc, it became a 4-step process.
Inserted between Marquez and the en banc was the committee created by Sereno, Carpio, and Associate Justice Presbitero Velasco Jr, and the Technical Working Groups (TWGs) created by the Chief Justice.
And on Monday, it turned out that when Sereno transferred the Maute cases to Cagayan de Oro, they did so, ignoring the recommendation of Marquez to transfer it to Taguig instead.
Marquez didn't want to comment on questions why Sereno was sidelining him. But court insiders said there are trust issues between the two.
By the end of the hearing on Monday, a House member asked Marquez if they would like to say something more about Sereno, given that the justices had already said so much.
"It will show that I don't have the monopoly of not being liked. May kasama na ako (I have company)," was their loaded answer.
'Old boys club'
Legal analyst and court observer Tony La Viña is convinced that this is about Sereno being a woman.
"These are management issues, that if it were a man, it wouldn't be an issue," La Viña said. (READ: 'Do not be afraid to be minority,' Chief Justice Sereno 5 years on)
La Viña said that past chief justices made similar mistakes but were forgiven because it's an "old boys' club."
"They would just correct it. But because she's a woman, that makes them very unforgiving. All these are very correctible and have been corrected," La Viña said.
For example, although La Viña believes that while Jardeleza shouldn't have been excluded from the short list in the first place, Sereno's concern was a "legitimate policy debate."
But the fact that the en banc overturned Sereno on it means the debate had been settled, an example of a court disagreeing and resolving its problems.
Impeachable offense?
In every hearing, House members attempted to ask the justices whether they believe the so-called offenses are violations of the Constitution or constituted betrayal of public trust. No justice offered an opinion.
"They've turned all the worst possible things on the chief, even if it turns out to be true, it's not an impeachable issue," said La Viña.
But La Viña believes Sereno can learn a lot of lessons from this proceeding.
"The chief must honestly look at their way of managing, whether they have to change their tone and practices. They need to go into the process of rebuilding trust; build trust among themslelves," La Viña said.
This showing against Sereno has surely affected public trust in the judiciary, something very crucial especially in the current political climate.
But as justices and House members like to always point out, the Supreme Court is a collegial body made up of equals.
Sereno is not the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court is not Sereno.
Public trust is a challenge they all carry.
"It would take just one good decision for them to regain the trust of the public," said La Viña.
With that, 2018 will be very interesting for the judiciary. Will they rise up to the occasion? – Rappler.com
By Michael Angelo S. Murillo
Senior Reporter
HAVING developed a special bond with their coach Ramil De Jesus, graduating from De La Salle University player Dawn Macandili wants to honor them with another University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) title just as they conclude their illustrious collegiate career.
Set to leave the Lady Spikers at the end of UAAP Season 80, libero Macandili credits much for the player they have become to Mr. De Jesus, who was already their mentor during their high school playing days.
Macandili, along with fellow graduating player Kim Kianna Dy, played for Mr. De Jesus at De La Salle Zobel in Alabang where they helped the team win three straight titles from Season 73 to 75.
Such success continued in the collegiate ranks where Batangas native Macandili not only became a big part of the championship runs of the Lady Spikers but also saw their development as a player grow tremendously under the guidance of Mr. De Jesus.
Now the 21-year-old player is highly recognized as one of the top liberos not only in the Philippines but also in the region, having had the chance to parade their skills as well in international competitions.
With La Salle back in the finals, Macandili, along with the other Lady Spikers, is determined to give Mr. De Jesus, among other things, another feather in their cap as a fitting tribute.
“This is our last playing year and we want our exit to be a good one. We are dedicating this campaign to our coach for without them we won't be here. We don't want to graduate with regrets,” said Macandili immediately after La Salle booked another finals slot, its 10th in a row, with a straight-sets win over the National University (NU) Lady Bulldogs in their Final Four match on April 22.
Macandili was once again in their element in said game, winning player of the game honors with 23 excellent digs and 10 excellent receptions as they bagged the 27-25, 25-22 and 25-11 victory.
While happy they are back in the finals where they have a chance to complete for La Salle another three-peat, the prized libero said they still have their work cut out for them and they have to continue to be on top of their game, especially against the Far Eastern University (FEU) Lady Tamaraws who gave them a hard time during the eliminations.
“Now that we are back in the finals, we will double our efforts in training. We have to be mentally tough and show great heart as we compete. We are in the homestretch so we have to give our all,” Macandili said.
“They (Lady Tamaraws) will present a challenge. In the first and second round, we fought to five sets each time. But I still think we have the advantage as far as championship experience. And I trust my coaches and teammates and we will give our best,” they added.
In the finals, La Salle is gunning for a third straight title which it last accomplished from Season 73 to 75. It begins its best-of-three finals against FEU on Saturday, April 28, at the Smart Araneta Coliseum.
Meanwhile, the defending champions Ateneo Blue Eagles try to complete an overhaul of a twice-to-win disadvantage against higher-seeded FEU Tamaraws in a do-or-die match today at the FilOil Flying V Centre.
Ateneo forced the sudden death after defeating FEU on April 21 in the first game of their Final Four match, 18-25, 25-13, 24-26, 25-23 and 15-9, with Blue Eagle Marck Espejo exploding for 55 points, 11 coming in the deciding fifth set.
The winner of today's match takes the NU Bulldogs in the finals.
Scroll for more content...
House Republicans, with the approval of President Donald Trump, on Friday released a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority.
The highly controversial memo from the GOP and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia.
The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.
The public release of the classified document, through a never-before-used committee rule, threatens to further fracture the frayed relationship between the President and their Justice Department and intelligence community, both of which opposed the release of the document, which is based on classified intelligence. The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. The release also raises the question of whether Trump might seek to dismiss their deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Trump signed off on releasing the memo before it was released, and the White House requested no redactions, spokesperson Raj Shah said.
Speaking in the Oval Office Friday, Trump implied the memo revealed political bias at the FBI. They said they believed the purported bias was a "disgrace" and said certain people should be "ashamed of themselves."
Asked whether they retained confidence in Rosenstein or if they planned to fire him, Trump demurred.
"You figure that one out," Trump said.
Democrats have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller's probe. They disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant.
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, told reporters Friday that the Republican memo "cherry picks" information from McCabe's testimony.
Schiff argued that memo does not represent what McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee, and they said McCabe told the panel the "genesis of the investigation" did not begin with the dossier.
The memo is focused on a warrant granted in October 2016 by the FISA court to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, as well as the approval of three subsequent renewals.
Even if the dossier was used as part of the application, a FISA renewal indicates that a judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring.
FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed FBI employees in an internal video, according to two people who had viewed it, telling agency employees that it's been a tough time and unsettling, and the last few days have only made it worse.
"The American people read the newspapers and watch TV, but your work is all that matters. Actions speak louder than words," Wray said in the video, the sources said.
Questions about the memo
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign.
But the memo also undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier. It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
Papadopoulos was already under investigation for contacts with a professor connected to the Russian government who had promised dirt on Hillary Clinton. That investigation was opened months before the Page application after the FBI received information from the Australian government, CNN has reported.
The memo states that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was "triggered" by Papadopoulos in July 2016, months before the Page FISA application was filed.
The memo also doesn't mention that the FBI had earlier opened an investigation into the Russian intelligence agencies' hack of the Democratic National Committee.
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was in charge during the 2016 campaign, downplayed the significance of the memo Friday.
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs," Comey tweeted.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican who vetted the intelligence for the Intelligence Committee in place of Nunes, tweeted that the memo did not discredit Mueller's investigation.
"As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit their investigation," Gowdy tweeted. "While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process, I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ."
Dossier allegations
The memo alleges that Christopher Steele, the ex-British intelligence agent who wrote the dossier, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations that were not included in the FISA application, and that senior DOJ officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
According to the memo, that Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr in September 2016 that they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president."
The memo alleges that the FISA application cited a September 2016 Yahoo News article on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow, but the application "incorrectly assesses that Steele did not provide information to Yahoo News."
"The article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo news," the memo states.
But the memo then goes on to say that the FBI did not know about Steele's media contacts, alleging Steele "improperly concealed and lied" to the FBI about their media contacts. Schiff, however, said that the Yahoo News article was not referenced in the FISA application to corroborate Steele.
The memo names former officials in the Obama administration who signed off on the warrants, saying former FBI Director James Comey signed three applications, and McCabe and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates signed at least one.
But the memo also states that Rosenstein -- who was elevated under Trump -- signed off on at least one FISA application for Page. Dana Boente, who is currently the FBI general counsel and was appointed by Trump's FBI director, also signed off as well on one or more of the applications.
Democrats dispute memo's findings
Democrats have slammed the Republican memo as misleading and inaccurate. Schiff, saying the memo fails to provide "vital context," called the memo "a shameful effort to discredit" the FBI and Justice Department and an attempt to undermine Mueller's probe.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the memo "demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"Unlike almost every House member who voted in favor of this memo's release, I have actually read the underlying documents on which the memo was based. They simply do not support its conclusions," Warner said in a statement.
But Nunes said in a statement that committee had "discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes."
"It is my hope that the committee's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions," Nunes said.
Page's role
The Steele dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions, business opportunities and Russia's interference in the election. After Page took a trip to Russia in July 2016, the FBI grew concerned that they had been compromised by Russian operatives, US officials briefed on the matter told CNN.
Page says they never cut any political deals with the Kremlin and says there was nothing illegal in their interactions with Russian officials.
"The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy," Page said in a statement Friday.
Ohr, the Justice Department official who was demoted amid the discovery of their ties to the opposition research firm behind the controversial Trump dossier, figures prominently in the memo.
"Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr," the memo says. "Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele," including "clear evidence of Steele's bias," according to the memo.
It adds, "Ohr later provided the FBI will all their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Settle and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from (the FISA court)."
Ohr previously served as an associate deputy attorney general, but was stripped of that position after their meetings with Steele and Simpson became public in December. More recently, Ohr was removed as head of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces as well.
Escalation of partisan fight over Russia probe
The memo was spearheaded by Nunes, who was a member of the Trump transition team, and written by majority committee staff.
The committee voted along party lines to release the memo first to the full House and then to the public on Monday.
At the same time, the committee rejected an effort from Schiff to also make public a 10-page Democratic counter-memo. The committee voted to release that memo to the full House, and Schiff plans to push for its release next week.
WASHINGTON — Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director.
Coats will also meet with members of the Senate intelligence committee Thursday, one week after their tense grilling by the panel, according to a committee source.
It is the most significant sign yet that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The White House declined to comment, referring questions to Kasowitz.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
A spokesperson for the DNI declined to comment to CNN.
Trump wrote in their letter firing Comey that the ousted FBI director had informed them on three separate occasions they were not under investigation. The President has stressed they were not under investigation, and has taken to Twitter to dismiss the entire investigation as a hoax.
The report that Trump themselves is being scrutinized for obstruction of justice served to undercut Trump's claims.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter they wrote recommending firing Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and they were therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that they gave Mueller the memos they wrote detailing their interactions with Trump ahead of their firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct them to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said they believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the President was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee, wrote a letter to Chairman Chuck Grassley calling for the judiciary committee to establish its own investigation into obstruction of justice.
Grassley on Tuesday stopped short of ruling out establishing a congressional investigation into the question of whether Trump obstructed justice.
CAROLINE Wozniacki suffered fresh Wimbledon woe as the world number two suffered a shock 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 defeat against Ekaterina Makarova in the second round on Wednesday.
Wozniacki, plagued by an invasion of flying ants during the Court One clash, saved five match points but has now failed to get past the last 16 in 12 visits to the England Club.
It was a bitter defeat for the 27-year-old Dane, who was expected to challenge for the Wimbledon title after winning their maiden Grand Slam crown at the Australian Open in January.
Camera Icon Caroline Wozniacki was out of sorts. Picture: AFP
Wozniacki's frustration was only increased by the unwanted infestation that landed at Wimbledon during their match.
With flying ants stuck in Wozniacki's hair and dive-bombing them throughout the match, the former world number one asked the umpire if there was something that could be sprayed to keep the bugs away.
“They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere — we need to do something. Is there a spray?” they said.
“I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs.” Wozniacki arrived in southwest London in good form on grass following their victory at the Wimbledon warm-up event in Eastbourne last week.
Camera Icon Ekaterina Makarova of Russia celebrates after defeating Caroline Wozniacki at Wimbledon. Picture: Getty Images
But once again they exit Wimbledon in embarrassing style, leaving the grass-court Grand Slam as the only one of the four majors at which they have never reached the quarter-finals.
Russian world number 35 Makarova faces Czech world number 66 Lucie Safarova in the third round.
“I couldn't win with a lot of match points, but I kept fighting and playing an aggressive game and finally it worked,” Makarova said.
Camera Icon Wimbledon is the only one of the four majors at which Caroline Wozniacki has never reached the quarter-finals. Picture: AFP
“I was really nervous, because you need to win this point.
“When it was 5-5 I started thinking about those match points on my serve at 40-0.
“But I told myself ‘no, you are not going to lose this match'. I forgot it and started over.” Makarova, who had lost seven of their previous eight meetings with Wozniacki, is hoping to emulate their run to the Wimbledon quarter-finals four years ago.
The 30-year-old has twice made the semi-finals at a major — both at the US Open.
With the celebration of Earth Day coming up, we can take this opportunity to consider how to be more eco-friendly and better protect the environment.
In fact, our food choices have the potential to make a positive impact on not just our own health, but on the health of the planet. Food that is healthy and sustainable is good for us and good for the Earth.
The typical American diet, high in calories, processed foods and animal protein, has a major impact on the environment. Eco-conscious eating practices can help reduce our environmental footprint.
For example, the research of the World Resources Institute demonstrates that eating less meat and more plants can help cut carbon emissions.
Here are some different lifestyle choices to consider implementing this Earth Day for a healthier body and environment:
Reduce waste
A staggering 30-to-40 percent of the United States food supply goes to waste and nearly half of it is household food that end up in landfills.
Although most people are aware of the issues of food waste, we fall short with impactful solutions. Individuals and families can make a difference by making choices that reduce waste at home. Plan meals ahead of time and grocery shop for only what you will need and use. Prepare perishable foods soon after buying. Store foods properly to prevent them from spoiling too soon. These are just a few strategies to reduce your own food waste.
Considering the mounting issue of food waste, some innovative companies are creating unique solutions to combat the challenge of food waste in business and on farms. Zero Percent makes it easy for the food service industry to donate surplus foods. Imperfect Produce is a produce home delivery service that sells fruits and vegetables that don't meet grocery stores' cosmetic standards and are totally fine to eat, but would otherwise be thrown out.
Food production
Although we may think of car and industrial emissions as the main threat to our environment, agriculture is also a significant contributor to greenhouse gases, especially from livestock production.
Many scientists and advocates for sustainable food systems believe that a more diversified farm landscape would produce a healthier blend of crops and livestock.
Eating less meat and processed foods and more fruits and vegetables would not only improve our nutrition and health, but would lead to a more sustainable food supply.
Shop local
Opting to buy food that is grown and produced close to home has numerous benefits.
Local food is not just fresher than food that travels across the globe or the country to get to your kitchen, but when you buy locally produced food you are supporting your local community's economy.
Advertisement
Plus, food grown nearby has traveled fewer miles, therefore producing less air pollution. Food that is shipped a shorter distance has less of a chance to become contaminated or lose nutritional value.
Eating locally means shopping at your neighborhood farmers' market or community supported agriculture and buying what's in season.
Composting and recycling
Composting is nature's way of recycling organic materials into soil. Food scraps from fruits, vegetables and even coffee grounds can be composted.
There are different ways to do composting including both indoor and outdoor methods so it may take some research to determine what's best for you. Farmers and gardeners use the compost byproduct to improve the quality of their soil. Composting is a sustainable gardening practice that can easily be learned and implemented.
We are all well-aware of recycling, but simply taking your blue bin out to the curb every week may not be enough. You can go to www.recyclebycity.com to take a recycling quiz and access a local city guide on recyclable items.
Whether it's shopping locally, composting, grocery shopping with a meal plan, or going meatless on Mondays, consider what you and your family can do this Earth Day to align your eating habits with the goal for a healthier planet for future generations.
LeeAnn Weintraub, a registered dietitian, provides nutrition counseling and consulting to individuals, families and businesses. They can be reached at RD@halfacup.com.
Country Albania Austria Belgium Bosnia - Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France FYROM - Macedonia Georgia Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Moldova Montenegro Norway Poland Portugal Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom
Placement Prize Winner Emerging Architect Special Mention Finalist Shortlisted Nominee
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Accepting the Golden Globe best actor award in 2012 for “The Iron Lady,” Meryl Streep took a moment to thank the almighty — “God, Harvey Weinstein.”
For decades, Weinstein has held a lofty position in Hollywood as one of the industry's most powerful figures — an old-school, larger-than-life movie mogul who was never shy about throwing their weight around. “The Punisher. Old Testament, I guess,” Streep added that night to laughter and applause.
advertisement
But Weinstein's name — such a regular refrain on countless Oscar nights — on Thursday rang out in a different way. In a bombshell expose, The New York Times reported that Weinstein had reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. With allegations levied by actores including Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax, the report detailed decades of abuse.
The 65-year-old Weinstein, in a lengthy written statement, said they would take a leave of absence from their company. But many in Hollywood are wondering if Weinstein's leave might be permanent. Is this, like the accusations that felled Bill Cosby and Roger Ailes, the end for the sharp-elbowed independent film pioneer whose editing-room meddling earned them the nickname “Harvey Scissorhands” and whose unprecedented run of Oscar glory made them a Hollywood deity?
“Harvey Weinstein's career in Hollywood is likely over,” declared industry trade Variety.
Others were less sure if this was indeed the downfall of Weinstein, who has weathered downturns and bankruptcy before. Weinstein was contrite in their statement, acknowledging “the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain.” They added: “I want a second chance in the community but I know I've got work to do to earn it.”
Representatives for The Weinstein Co. didn't respond to questions about the mogul's status on Thursday. The company's Board of Directors was to meet to discuss Weinstein's future. If Weinstein were to be ousted or step down, leadership could potentially be transferred to Weinstein's brother Bob, who serves as co-chairperson, and David Glasser, the president and chief operating officer.
“I don't know if he's done because Harvey is the kind of person who has the ability to rise again, which they have done so many times from a business perspective,” said Sharon Waxman, CEO and founder of trade website The Wrap, and author of “Rebels on the Backlot.”
“If they can make amends, if they can apologize then I think a lot of things are possible,” said Waxman. “Hollywood is not public office, you are not required to have a morality clause necessarily. It's business. And ultimately they have to run their business which has also survived near death experiences many, many times, and has also been sold for $600 million. I would say it's up to them as to whether they survive in Hollywood.”
Weinstein's attorneys signaled a fight is still to come. Weinstein's attorney Charles J. Harder, who recently waged a successful suit for Hulk Hogan against Gawker, said in a statement that the Times story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein.” In an interview with the New York Post, Weinstein alleged the Times has “a vendetta” against him, and said “the next time I see (New York Times Executive Editor) Dean Baquet it will be across a courtroom.”
A spokesperson for The New York Times responded: “We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting.”
But while the misdeeds and manipulations of Hollywood producers have long been considered a constant of the movie business, the passionate reactions on Thursday suggested a dearth of forgiveness for Weinstein.
“Anyone who does business with (blank space) is complicit,” actor Rose McGowan tweeted. The New York Times reported that a settlement of $100,000 was paid to McGowan by Weinstein after an incident in 1997 when they were 23.
Ashley Judd recounted an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room. Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked them if they could give them a massage or if they would watch them shower, the paper reported. “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly,” Judd told the Times.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, sensed a shift in the response to the allegations against Weinstein.
“In the past, this many people in Hollywood would never have come forward against a big Hollywood Poobah like this,” said Rushfield. “If they had, the story would have gone nowhere. And if it had, the subject could have been changed, laughed off, done six months in a penalty box and come back.”
“The problem is there's going to be a cost to association with him. Anybody who makes a movie with them now is going to be subjected to questions about it,” said Rushfield. They added: “He's going to be untouchable and I don't think in the internet age that goes away. Those stories are there.”
Weinstein's stature was also already diminished. They have had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like “Pulp Fiction” and “Shakespeare in Love,” for which they won an Oscar. They masterminded extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax, which they ran with their brother. The brothers sold Miramax to Walt Disney Co. in 1993. Twelve years later, they left Miramax to found their namesake company. More Oscar wins followed, including back-to-back best-picture winners in 2011 and 2012 with “The King's Speech” and “The Artist.”
But in recent years, The Weinstein Company has suffered from a string of executive exits, mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions. In 2016, the company didn't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008. Weinstein returned to the category with “Lion” at this year's Oscars, but their pre-eminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has waned.
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009, when it entered bankruptcy. Last year, The Weinstein Co. continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theaters. Some 50 staffers were let go.
Movies like “The Founder” and “Tulip Fever” were juggled over numerous release date shifts. After “The Founder,” with Michael Keaton, was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led “Gold,” the co-financier of “The Founder,” FilmNation, sued The Weinstein Company for $15 million, alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement.
The Weinstein Co. had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller “Wind River.” The $11 million film has made $33 million. But the company's fall season awards hopeful “The Current War,” with Benedict Cumberbatch, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews.
Instead, other leaders in independent film have stepped forward, including “Moonlight” distributor A24 and Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures.
“Women face serious repercussions for sharing their experiences and deserve our full support,” Ellison said on Twitter. “I admire the courage of these women.”
The Liberal Democrats have backed calls by the Chairman of the Parole Board, Nick Hardwick, for urgent action to address the backlog of people serving prison sentences with no fixed release date.
Indeterminate Sentences for Public Protection (IPPs) were abolished in 2012, but there are over 3,000 people in England and Wales still serving them, with many facing long delays for Parole Board hearings.
Those serving indeterminate sentences have also been found to have far higher rates of self-harm than those serving fixed sentences.
It's a disgrace that five years on since the abolition of IPPs, thousands are still languishing in prison serving sentences way beyond their original terms.
When the Coalition Government abolished IPPs, the Secretary of State was given the power to change the release test and it was expected they would use it. At a time when we are trying to get prisoner numbers down, it is absurd that this has not been done.
We know that those serving indeterminate sentences are more likely to self-harm and attempt to take their own lives.
This situation is made worse by understaffing, chronic overcrowding and lack of access to mental healthcare in our prisons.
The government has a moral responsibility to reform the system and speed up the release of those who have served their tariff sentences.
. @AnnCoulter on 'Law & Order: SVU' episode: "So much of Hollywood is just wanting to feel morally superior to conservatives and particularly to @realDonaldTrump voters." @IngrahamAngle https://t.co/Oj9GBtp3DA pic.twitter.com/RxTXe6cQj8
Thursday on Fox News Channel's “The Ingraham Angle,” conservative commentator Ann Coulter reacted to an episode of NBC's “Law & Order: SVU” from a night earlier that depicted the rape of a fictional conservative pundit that resembled them
Coulter referenced the Twitter banning of Milo Yiannopoulos allegedly for criticisms of “Saturday Night Live” cast member Leslie Jones and recommended celebrities follow their example and “not care.”
They also called those involved with the creation of “Law & Order: SVU” hypocrites for their depiction of conservatives on immigration.
“Why don't they follow my approach and not care?” Coulter said. “But I do think it's worth bringing up at this point also what just raging frauds and hypocrites they are. One of the things I read, I mean I read it in a Newsbusters write-up, wants to deport DREAMers. OK, Laura, I promise you the writers, the actors and the producers of this TV show — they will move heaven and earth to make sure their kids don't go to school any place near a DREAMer. Their only contact with illegal aliens is the woman who cleans their toilet whose name they don't know. Oh, but they're going to stand up for the illegal aliens. So much of Hollywood is just wanting to feel morally superior to conservatives and particularly to Trump voters.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Only four weeks ago, the Julian family was celebrating their dog Pixie, who had just given birth to a litter of puppies. But their joy turned to sorrow when four of the 4-week-old puppies were killed by bees on March 14.
According to AZFamily.com, a swarm of bees unexpectedly attacked the dogs in the family's backyard. Esther Julian and their 1-year-old daughter were also stung, but the mother focused on calling for help and getting the pups to a veterinarian.
A fire crew arrived on the scene and recovered five of the pit bull puppies as well as the mother, reports AZCentral. One puppy, named Bullet, is still missing, and sadly, two of the pups died at the vet. Julian brought home Pixie and their three surviving babies, but two more died that evening.
“It was really sad and emotional,” Julian told The Arizona Republic. “Because we thought they were going to make it, and we had hope for the puppies to make it.”
Julian named the remaining puppy “Lucky.” Mama dog Pixie and their lone pup are doing well considering their ordeal.
Lucky is “doing perfectly fine,” Julian said. “He slept through the whole night. He's been eating really well.”
In the aftermath of the puppy tragedy, Julian hired an exterminator to get rid of the Africanized honeybees (also known as “killer bees”), although they tell AZCentral the removal of the honeycomb was an extra cost and so it remains in their backyard.
Meanwhile, the exterminator tells AZFamily that the clutter in the backyard may have attracted the swarm of around 30,000 bees in the first place.
“A lot of empty soda cans here, which the bees like to feed off the sugar,” the exterminator told the site.
The bee swarms, which are not uncommon in Arizona, are typically most active in May and June.
USDA Honey Bee Research in Tucson recommends the following tips if you come in contact with these bees:
Run away quickly. Do not stop to help others with the exception of small children and the disabled who may need some assistance.
As you are running, pull your shirt up over your head to protect your face, but make sure it does not slow your progress. This will help keep the bees from targeting the sensitive areas around your head and eyes.
Do not stop running until you reach shelter, such as a vehicle or building. A few bees may follow you indoors. If you can run to a well-lit area, the bees may become confused and fly into windows.
Do not jump into water. The bees will wait for you to come up for air. If you are trapped somewhere, cover up with blankets, sleeping bags, clothes or whatever is nearby.
Do not swat the bees or flail your arms. Bees are attracted to movement and crushed bees emit a smell that will attract more bees.
Once you have reached safety, remove the stingers. When a honey bees sting, it leaves its stinger in the skin. This kills the bee but it allows venom to penetrate the wound for a short time.
Do not pull stingers with tweezers or your fingers. This will squeeze more venom into the wound. Instead, scrape the stinger out sideways using your fingernail, the edge of a credit card, a dull knife blade or other straight-edged object.
If you see someone being attacked by bees, encourage them to run or seek shelter. Do not attempt to rescue them yourself. Call 911.
To quote the immortal Blues Brothers, “we're gettin' the band back together.” The Pittsburgh Steelers got wide receiver Martavis Bryant back fully on Sunday and it should only be a matter of weeks until running back Le'Veon Bell decides to sign their franchise tender and grace everyone with their presence at Steelers' camp.
Putting Bryant and Bell on the field with quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and wide receiver Antonio Brown on the field together would make this offense the most potent in the NFL. Assuming nothing catastrophic happens before the regular season, we want to know how many games will all four of the Killer B's play together this season?
This might not seem like a big issue, but keep this in mind. Since 2014 when the Steelers drafted Bryant, the four of them have been on the field for exactly one half of one game. Kind of staggering when you really think about it. Injuries and suspensions have kept this group separated for far too long.
So what do you think? Every game that all four are on the field opposing defenses will have too many weapons to account for. How many games will the Steelers get these guys this season? Be sure to cast your vote.
DANIEL Ricciardo only has until August to agree to a new deal with Red Bull.
Fresh from the bombshell report that Ricciardo has contractually entered into an exclusive period of negotiating with rivals Ferrari, Red Bull boss Christian Horner has put down a deadline for Ricciardo to re-sign.
Horner has told German magazine Auto Motor Und Sport Ricciardo has until August to sign a new contract - or the team will begin looking for their replacement.
The 28-year-old remains the hottest driver on the F1 market for 2019 with their Chinese Grand Prix victory cementing their status as the sport's most-desired free agent.
The Perth product has insisted they will remain with Red Bull if they are able to prove they can help them win a championship in the next few years.
However, a report on Tuesday (AEDT) claimed Ricciardo has signed an understanding with Ferrari to negotiate a new contract with the Italian team without Ricciardo being able to negotiate with any other team until the end of June.
In response, Horner has been quoted declaring Ricciardo only has until August before the team will give up on him.
"There should be a decision by the summer break at the latest," Horner said of the August break.
Daniel Ricciardo has a tough call to make.
"We do not want to wait forever. We have other good options. Our priority is to continue working with Daniel. If that does not work, we'll pull the other options."
They even said Red Bull would likely first look at Carlos Sainz as Ricciardo's replacement should the Australian choose to make a move to Ferrari. Reigning champions Mercedes are also reportedly interested in Ricciardo.
"The most obvious is Carlos Sainz," Horner said.
"He is under contract with us. And then there are a few young drivers."
It comes after Sky Sports F1 analyst Mark Hughes, writing in Motorsport magazine, wrote the report of Ferrari's link with Ricciardo is correct.
"There are many different types of contractual options, but this one is said to be on both sides up to a defined date (believed to be June 30). Up until that time, neither party can officially negotiate with another," reports Hughes.
"Because the driver is effectively locking themselves out of the market for that time, discussions for their post-2018 services are contractually 'owned' by the team (in this case Ferrari).
"As such, they will be paid a fee. Between now and then they and Ferrari can negotiate about a future contract. This is all conventional F1 practice.
"Those privy to such matters at Red Bull are adamant that they have definitely signed something, somewhere but it's not with them and it's not with Mercedes. Logically, therefore, it must be Ferrari."
Will Ricciardo team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari.
Red Bull has said multiple times it wants the Aussie star to stay put, but Ricciardo is yet to give any guarantees, repeatedly saying performance will dictate where they end up.
If Red Bull can offer them the tools to win a championship they see no reason to leave. But if - as has happened in previous seasons - the energy drink outfit falls behind Mercedes and Ferrari, the Perth-born driver may seek greener pastures.
Ricciardo said last week they do not want their next contract to tie them down for the next four years due to the uncertainty over the sport's future. Instead, they want a two-year deal.
"I don't want to sign anything too long because I don't know where the sport's going,"
The Times newspaper quoted them as saying. "I feel like life is happening pretty fast.
"Each year something might change so I don't want to tie myself down for four more years and then I'm like, 'I don't want to do this any more'.
"Ideally I'd sign a two-year contract.
"I think two years I can definitely be comfortable with and then see it from there.
"That third year will be the rule change so I will probably wait and see what happens then."
SCOTT McLaughlin is powering their way toward their breakthrough Supercars
crown, Shane van Gisbergen has silently stalked their way into contention and
Dave Reynolds has shocked the field to become a V8 heavyweight.
So who has been the best driver this year?
Daily Telegraph Chief Motorsport writer JAMES PHELPS has run the rule over the
V8 field with the Supercars season set to reach the halfway mark at this weekend's
Townsville 400. This is their V8 mid-season report card.
Camera Icon Leader of the pack Scott McLaughlin. Picture: Getty Images
SCOTT McLAUGHLIN (1st, DJR/Team Penske): A
McLaughlin has been, without a shadow of a doubt, the fastest driver on the
grid this year.
Bouncing back from their heartbreaking title defeat to Jamie Whincup at the bitter
death last year, McLaughlin has won six races to lead the championship by 161
points heading into the Townsville 400.
McLaughlin's one-lap speed has been a standout with the pilot flying in their Ford
to score seven pole positions.
The only thing that has stopped McLaughlin from scoring top marks is their failure
to convert all those poles into wins.
While drivers like Jamie Whincup and van Gisbergen have a better average
finishing position than qualifying position, McLaughlin's average finishing
position this year is 4.0 while their start position is 3.3.
The 25-year-old will be unstoppable when they perfect their starts.
Camera Icon Shane van Gisbergen just has to get a few things right. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter
SHANE VAN GISBERGEN (2nd, Red Bull Holden Racing Team): B+
Van Gisbergen is the V8 dark horse.
Lurking in the shadows since starting the season with a flashing double win in
Adelaide, the Red Bull racer has gone quietly about becoming McLaughlin's
biggest championship threat.
While they haven't grabbed headlines or stolen the on-track show, van Gisbergen
has been a metronome of consistency.
With only one poor performance — a 25th in Tasmania — the former champion has
piled on the points to give themselves a shot at the crown.
Van Gisbergen is only an adjustment or two away in qualifying from becoming
McLaughlin's worst nightmare.
Camera Icon Dave Reynolds celebrates their Darwin Triple Crown win. Picture: News Corp Australia, Keri Megelus
DAVE REYNOLDS (3rd, Erebus Motorsport): A+
They might not be leading the championship, the fastest in the field, or the most
consistent — but Reynolds scores top marks to go to the top of the class.
While McLaughlin and van Gisbergen both drive for undisputed heavyweight
teams of the sport, Reynolds has helped turn Erebus Motorsport into V8 giant-killers.
Punching above their weight when it comes to budgets — but apparently not
personnel — Erebus have become shock title contenders this year.
Reynolds has led the way with their new-found aggression helping them to score
two race wins and four podiums.
They must now find consistency after busting out of a mini-slump to claim
an emphatic win in Darwin.
Camera Icon Redbull Holden driver Jamie Whincup has plenty of work to do. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter
JAMIE WHINCUP (5th, Red Bull Holden Racing): C+
After a slow start Whincup showed why they are rated the greatest driver in the
history of the sport by flooring their way to claim the championship lead following
a third-round win in Tasmania.
Then the wheels fell off.
Landing only one podium since their Symmons Plains triumph, Whincup has
drifted to fifth place to deny the sport another one-on-one fight with McLaughlin.
Only a fool would write this V8 immortal off — but they need to put their foot to the
floor.
The Townsville 400 could make or break their bid.
Camera Icon Team Tickford and Mark Winterbottom have struggled big time. Picture: News Corp Australia, Chris Kidd
TICKFORD RACING: F
IT would be unfair to single out any of their drivers since they are all struggling —
but there is no doubt Tickford Racing is this year's biggest disappointment.
The once-powerhouse team has been a shadow of itself with former front-
runners Mark Winterbottom and Chaz Mostert becoming also-rans.
Watch every 2018 Virgin Australia Supercars Championship practice, qualifying session & race ad-break free on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
Speech to Text for First Friday July
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
friday - downtown salutes date: july 6, 2018 time: 5:00 pm - 9:00 pm edt an evening to honor military veterans, active military and their families. enjoy a cookout courtesy of rjl solutions. family fun at the terre haute children's museum, vigo county public library and the indiana state university bookstore. enjoy the art exhibits, booths and military vehicle displays. pence, downtown terre haute coordinator. first friday - downtown salutes date: july 6, 2018 time: 5:00 pm - 9:00 pm edt an evening to honor military veterans, active military and their families. enjoy a cookout courtesy of rjl solutions. family fun at the terre haute children's museum, vigo county public library and the indiana state university bookstore. enjoy the art exhibits, booths and military vehicle displays. make sure to shop and dine downtown too! 232-2391 facebook: downtown terre haute
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
An unexpected run to the semifinals of the Rogers Cup has rocketed Canada's newest tennis star up the world rankings.
Denis Shapovalov improved from 143rd to 67th in Monday's updated ATP singles rankings.
The 18-year-old left-hander from Richmond Hill, Ont., introduced themselves to Canada last week with an exhilarating performance at the Rogers Cup in Montreal that included a victory over top-seeded Spanish legend Rafael Nadal.
The Canadian lost to fourth-seeded German Alexander Zverev in Saturday's semifinals but still pocketed a cool US$220,760 in prize money.
Shapovalov told reporters over the weekend that their “whole life has changed in the past five days.”
“I don't even think I realize it yet,” they said. “I mean, it's a huge jump (in the rankings).”
The main question now is whether the Rogers Cup was a flash in the pan or a sign of bigger things to come.
Zverev, also one of the game's rising stars, predicted a long rivalry with the Canadian.
“I told them that this is just the first match of very many that we will play against him,” said Zverev, currently ranked 10th. ”Hopefully a lot of other big matches, maybe in Grand Slams, maybe in finals of tournaments.
“On the other hand, I will say ‘Don't expect them to win U.S. Open in the next few months.' They still need some time. This is I think the best tennis they played in their life. For them to play this level consistently, it might take them another two to three years.”
Zverev ended their first season as an 18-year-old ranked 83rd.
Shapovalov has spent most of their time since turning pro last year playing lower-tier Challenger events and was scheduled to play the Odlum Brown Vanopen in Vancouver this week. They withdrew Sunday, citing fatigue.
If they can maintain their ranking, they could be leaving the Challenger circuit behind altogether as he'll now have more opportunities to play top-level ATP events.
Their next major task will be to qualify for the U.S. Open, which starts later this month in New York.
Milos Raonic, Canada's highest-ranked singles player, saw their ranking unchanged at No. 10 after a second-round loss in Montreal. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil, who was eliminated in the first round last week, dropped three spots to No. 78.
The Canadian Press
YOU'LL NEVER SLEEP AGAIN Guy Builds Robot To Automatically Squirt Energy Drink At Him When They Get Tired
The robot detects when your eyes close and then wakes you up in the least enjoyable way imaginable.
Darjeeling: Amid the Gorkha Janamukti Morcha sponsored indefinite shutdown in the northern West Bengal hills, police on Thursday raided GJM chief Bimal Gurung's house in Patlebas in Darjeeling district and seized a large cache of arms.
"A raid is going on in Bimal Gurung's house since morning. Several arms have been already recovered," Akhilesh Kumar Chaturvedi, the Superintendent of Police of Darjeeling district told IANS.
However, they refused to disclose any details about the types and quantity of arms seized by police.
According to police sources, huge cache of arms and ammunitions including bow and arrows, knives, axes and cartridges were seized from the house.
Responding to the sudden raid, state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Rahul Sinha claimed such drastic steps may worsen the situation in the hills and urged Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee to call an all-party meeting in the Bengal hills to solve the situation.
"Mamata Banerjee provoked the unrest in the hills and now they are making the situation even worse with these steps. They should immediately call an all-party meeting in Darjeeling to listen to their demands and sort out the situation," Sinha claimed.
However, they clarified that BJP is in no way supporting the GJM's demand of a separate state of Gorkhaland.
"We have never supported the Gorkhaland demand, nor do we support it now," they added.
CTV Atlantic
A group that runs a century-old cemetery in Sydney says the declining number of people going to church has left them without enough money for upkeep.
Thomas MacDonald has been keeping the grounds at the Holy Cross Cemetery for 17 years. They say the cemetery's closure will leave them without a job.
“It will be just left, I guess. It will go back to the way it was,” says MacDonald. “Each family member will have to come up and cut their loved ones graves.”
MacDonald's job included mowing the grass, fixing damaged headstones and overall maintenance. They were paid during the summer months and collected employment insurance during the off season.
MacDonald feels the families of the deceased and being abandoned.
“They gave their money to the churches. I heard people that gave to the churches before they gave to their families. Now it's gone. They've got no money,” they say.
Allen MacLeod manages the Holy Cross Cemetery Society, which was founded in 1995 and made up of parishioners from several churches in the Sydney area. Some have since closed and amalgamated, leaving them strapped for funds.
“The parishes contributed a few thousand dollars each year. That slowed down to a trickle the last number of years,” says MacLeod. “The money put into the coffers wasn't there from the people attending churches, so they had to make some decisions and the cemetery is not high up on the list of things to do.”
The society has begun notifying the families of the deceased and following the proper procedure to officially disband. After that, this cemetery will be taken over by the Diocese of Antigonish.
But its future is still unknown.
“I think somebody will be there cutting the grass and looking after the places as best they can,” says MacLeod. “The resources are stretched, so it might not be as well maintained as it was.
With a number of churches closing, MacLeod feels other cemeteries are in the same situation.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kyle Moore.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May is followed by journalists as they carry some chips during a campaign stop in Mevagissey, Cornwall, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May promised EU officials on Tuesday that they would be "a bloody difficult woman" in divorce talks, after being criticised for underestimating the complexity of Brexit talks and having "illusions" over a deal.
Campaigning in the early election they have called for next month, May warned voters that the 27 other EU countries were determined to win a divorce deal that "works for them", saying Britain must unite behind them to strengthen their hand.
"These negotiations will not be easy," they told supporters in the eastern part of the city of Bristol, where voters elected a Labour lawmaker in the last election in 2015.
"There are 27 European member states united in their determination to get the deal that works for them. We must show the same unity of purpose here at home to ensure that we get a deal that works in our national interests, too."
After meeting May at their Downing Street residence last Wednesday, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was reported to have said they were "10 times more sceptical than I was before" about the possibility of sealing a deal.
May has dismissed the report as "Brussels gossip" and, in an interview with the BBC, suggested they would not be a pushover.
"During the Conservative Party leadership campaign I was described by one of my colleagues as a 'bloody difficult woman'. And I said at the time the next person to find that out will be Jean-Claude Juncker," they said.
The prime minister is confident they can make a success of Brexit, their spokesperson told reporters, and was approaching the talks "in a constructive manner and with huge amounts of goodwill".
Addressing questions about May's capacity to conduct the time-consuming negotiations, they added: "The prime minister is leading the Brexit talks. They will be assisted by the secretary of state for exiting the European Union and senior officials."
The prime minister, appointed shortly after Britain voted to leave the EU last year, has stuck to their policy of revealing little about their negotiating hand before the talks start - most likely after the election.
They have been accused by opposition lawmakers of taking a high-handed approach towards the rest of the EU in the run-up to the talks, potentially poisoning the atmosphere as battle lines are drawn.
May's political legacy rides on the success or failure of the talks. But the EU cannot afford to cut Britain too generous a deal for fear that Brexit could encourage other members to leave.
With their party still commanding a large lead in the polls despite some gains by the main opposition Labour Party, May again warned voters that any vote for other parties would lead to a "coalition of chaos" that could hurt the EU talks.
"They stand ready to prop up (Labour leader) Jeremy Corbyn's coalition of chaos, to see the Brexit process stall and to reopen the old battles of the past," they said, attacking the opposition Liberal Democrats that could benefit in the election after promising a second referendum on any Brexit deal.
"That is why this election is so important. We need to secure the leadership the country needs. Leadership, stability, doing the right thing for Britain."
(Additional reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Hugh Lawson)
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — Republican U.S. Rep. Diane Black has named two prominent former politicians from either end of Tennessee as co-chairperson for their gubernatorial bid.
Black says former state Senate Speaker Ron Ramsey and former U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher will hold the leadership positions in their campaign.
Ramsey, an auctioneer from the northeastern corner of the state, retired from the Legislature last year after presiding over vast Republican gains that took the GOP from an afterthought to near complete control.  They are also a former gubernatorial candidate who fell short in the 2010 GOP primary.
Fincher, a farmer from the West Tennessee community of Frog Jump, was part of the 2010 GOP class that won back control of Congress just two years after Barack Obama was elected president. They retired last year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds FX volume on spot market, sales to firms)
By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS May 2 Nigeria's central bank is working to make exchange rates for its currency converge on the official and black markets, its spokesperson said, and plans to offer $100 million on the forward market on Tuesday to boost liquidity.
Nigeria runs a system of multiple exchange rates, and the central bank has sold more than $4 billion on the spot and forward markets in its efforts to increase liquidity. In theory, greater liquidity should lead the rates to converge.
The naira was quoted weaker on Tuesday at an investor trading window, at 380.31 per dollar, data from market regulator FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange showed. The official market rate was 305.85 and the black-market rate 390.
On the spot interbank market, the naira traded a total of $51.68 million, volumes last seen in October 2016.
"The bank is committed and is indeed working to achieve convergence in the forex rates between the interbank and the bureau de change segment," said spokesperson Isaac Okorafor.
The central bank said all dollar allotments must be backed by demand and that it will settle Tuesday's dollar sale between one week and 45 days after the sale.
It then said it would intervene with an undisclosed amount to clear a backlog of demand for airlines, raw materials and machinery and that it would debit the companies for the naira equivalent of the dollar amount immediately.
The bank offered $100 million last Thursday but ended up selling $85.69 million. Okorafor said in a statement lenders did not take up the whole offer as there was "enough foreign exchange to meet legitimate demand".
Analysts doubt whether the central bank can sustain such sales. The convoluted exchange rate system masks pressure on the naira with the regulator trying to avoid a devaluation.
Okorafor said the bank has the capacity to sustain its intervention.
Nigeria's dollar reserves grew to a 19-month high of $30.8 billion last week, thanks to a recent rise in global oil prices, the country's main source of hard currency. But reserves remain far off the peak of $64 billion reached in August 2008. (Additional reporting by Camillus Eboh in Abuja; Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
THERE'S more than points to play for when the Central Coast Mariners host the Western Sydney Wanderers on Sunday, with new Socceroos coach Bert Van Marwijk in Gosford attending their final A-League match of the weekend.
Both teams have struggled to find from this season, but the players will have an extra sting in their step with Van Marwijk watching on from the stands.
Wanderers new signing and Socceroos forward Chris Ikonomidis is too likely to make their debut for the club, while for the Mariners young star Daniel De Silva has already been mentioned as a possible bolter for the World Cup squad.
Camera Icon Daniel De Silva of the Mariners has been mentioned as a Socceroos bolter. Picture: Getty Images
Wanderers right-back Josh Risdon, who made their Socceroos debut under Ange Postecoglou, says the players will definitely be motivated by Van Marwijk's presence.
“The fact that he's in Australia and will be watching and keeping a close eye on some A-League players gives us extra confidence to go out and do well on the weekend,” Risdon said. “You obviously want to prove yourself and be amongst it for the World Cup, so it's a couple of important months for the players leading into that World Cup.
“He (Van Marwijk) does have some background on the Socceroos and we're looking forward to seeing what they can bring to the national team. Hopefully I'm involved in the next camp and obviously the World Cup, I've just got to focus on playing well in the A-League and hopefully I'll get a chance.”
Camera Icon Josh Risdon of the Wanderers competes for possession with Connor Pain. Risdon says they will be motivated by Bert Van Marwijk's presence. Picture: AAP
The Mariners' last win was two months ago, while the Wanderers have slipped out of the top six on the back of consecutive defeats.
But Gosford has been a happy hunting ground for Western Sydney and Risdon says the players have memories of their last trip there, when they beat the Mariners 2-0 to register Josep Gombau's first win for the club.
Camera Icon Chris Ikonomidis is likely to make their debut for the Wanderers against the Mariners. Picture: Getty Images
“That was a real massive boost for us when we went up there last time and hopefully we'll be able to take that confidence going into this weekend,” Risdon said. “They're obviously not travelling the best either, so they'll be wanting to win. It's going to be a tough game, they play really good football, but if we do all the right things I'm confident we can win.
“We just need to focus on each game and if we can get a few wins on the board you can creep up that table and before you know it you're sitting in the top four.”
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a forehand against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland serves against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a volley against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland (R) hugs Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (L) after their match in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland reacts after winning a point against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland waves to the crowd after their match against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland (R) shakes hands with Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (L) after their match in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a backhand against Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(6). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Roger Federer stared down defeat and saved two match points before knocking Tomas Berdych out of the Miami Open on Thursday with a 6-2 3-6 7-6(6) victory in their thrilling quarter-final.
Federer will next face Nick Kyrgios on Friday after the 12th seeded Australian edged German teenager Alexander Zverev 6-4 6-7(9) 6-3 in an evening quarter-final, finally clinching victory on their sixth match point.
Swiss magician Federer had to call upon all their resources of skill, poise and experience to edge the Czech in a third set tiebreak in front of a frenzied crowd at Crandon Park.
Berdych served for the match at 6-4 in the tiebreak but Federer reeled off four points in a row, including two unplayable serves, and secured the win when the 10th seed crumbled with an awful second serve.
Federer conceded they had ridden their luck at times to advance.
"I've had some tough losses here where I should have won. They stay with you so I'm happy today to have come through somehow,” they said courtside.
"I definitely got very lucky at the end but I think I showed great heart today and I fought. Tomas really stepped it up and it was a great match at the end but one guy had to win.”
Australian Open champion Federer, who also won at Indian Wells two weeks ago, is playing some of the best tennis of their career and appears completely recovered from a knee injury that kept them out of the second half of last year.
'STAY AGGRESSIVE'
The 35-year-old is 17-1 this season, their only loss a surprise defeat to Russian Evgeny Donskoy in Dubai.
Federer has won all seven of the tiebreaks they have faced during their current American campaign.
“I enjoy winning breakers because those are the ones that are going to make you win a tournament or not sometimes,” they said.
“(My thought process is) don't mess up, hit a few aces, stay aggressive on the return, all those silly things that never work but they seem to be working now.”
In the tiebreak, Berdych hit a backhand winner into the corner to set up two match points, the first on serve, but netted a forehand to squander the first.
Federer saved the second match point with a superb first serve and set up their own with an ace down the middle. The pressure reverted to Berdych and this time they cracked, their second serve landing closer to the baseline than the service line.
Kyrgios is looking forward to facing Federer after pulling out of their scheduled Indian Wells quarter-final with a virus.
“He's my favourite player, so I'm going to enjoy the moment,” said the 21-year-old, who won their only career meeting, on clay in Madrid in 2015.
“He's the greatest of all time. We don't know how long he's going to hang around so it's a blessing.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; editing by Clare Lovell / Ian Ransom)
SEOUL, April 3 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0727 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL April 3 -22.0 31.2 -59.2 ^March 31 25.7 32.9 -111.0 March 30 89.4 -169.2 65.6 March 29 -61.8 -26.4 36.8 March 28 20.7 -81.8 1.9 March 27 36.4 -104.7 16.7 March 24 -89.1 220.7 -186.8 March 23 52.6 18.2 -128.4 March 22 -96.2 -116.9 181.3 March 21 362.7 -189.9 -234.8 March 20 -84.8 -51.7 85.0 March 17 251.2 -210.4 -93.5 March 16 279.8 -89.3 -237.4 March 15 128.9 -268.8 84.7 March 14 405.7 -406.5 -50.1 Month to date -22.0 31.2 -59.2 Year to date 5,430.4 -4,916.7 -2,745.5 ^ March 31 figures revised. ($1 = 1,114.9900 won) (Reporting by Jeongeun Lee)
One week after the Thomas Fire exploded from a brush fire to a raging inferno, hundreds of firefighters are still struggling to contain it.
The blaze is larger than all of New York City and was only 15% contained as of Monday, according to the fire protection agency CAL FIRE.
But it's only one of six major wildfires torching the state, which have destroyed more than 1,000 structures.
As the flames move on to new neighborhoods, some evacuated residents have returned to find no home standing.
David Karian used a hand rake to sift through the charred rubble of their elderly parents' home in Ventura.
“There's not much, but if there are a few things that will help them have some connection to the past, then that what I'm trying to do,” they said. “That's what it is … memories of a lot of years.”
Smell smoke in Western Washington? It's from the California wildfires
Man loses 2 homes in wildfires
In just two months, Dr. Antonio Wong lost two houses in two separate California wildfires.
The anesthesiologist, their wife and their son barely had time to escape their Santa Rosa home before a wildfire engulfed it in October.
Weeks after Wong sifted through the charred remnants of that house, they learned that their other home in Ventura — which they were renting out to members of the military — burned down last week.
While those tenants are safe, “it was pretty devastating,” Wong said from Santa Rosa on Monday.
“I still haven't processed the fire down there (in Ventura). I have so much to do to rebuild my house here (that) the thought of trying to rebuild a house down there at the same time is overwhelming. I don't know what I'm going to do.”
Latest developments
Making history: At more than 230,000 acres in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, the Thomas Fire is now the fifth largest wildfire in modern California history.
Elevated conditions: Ferocious Santa Ana winds could gust between 40-55 mph on Monday before tapering, CNN meteorologist Rachel Aissen said. Ventura County and surrounding areas are under an elevated fire outlook, with temperatures remaining between 78-82 degrees as humidity continues to fall.
Warnings: A “red flag warning” for much of Los Angeles and Ventura counties has been extended through Monday evening, the National Weather Service said. That means elevated fire weather conditions are expected due to gusty winds and low humidity.
Evacuations: Some 94,607 people were under mandatory evacuation orders in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties Sunday evening, Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN.
Death toll: The death toll from the Thomas Fire stands at one. Authorities believe Virginia Pesola, 70, of Santa Paula, died in a crash while fleeing the fire. Them body was found Wednesday.
The fires
The six blazes vary in size. Together, they are larger than the areas of New York City and Boston combined.
Thomas Fire: This inferno has destroyed 230,000 acres as of Monday morning and was only about 15% contained. It started December 4 in Ventura County and has since spread into neighboring Santa Barbara County. The Thomas fire has already destroyed 790 structures, Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN. The costs of fighting the blaze have topped $34 million.
Creek Fire: The second-largest blaze ignited Tuesday in neighboring Los Angeles County. It has burned 15,619 acres and is 95% contained.
Rye Fire: This fire broke out Tuesday in Los Angeles County and has torched 6,049 acres. Firefighters are making progress, with 93% of the blaze contained.
Lilac Fire: This fast-moving fire has consumed 4,100 acres since it ignited Thursday in San Diego County. Firefighters have regained control of the blaze, and it's now 80% contained.
Skirball Fire: It started Wednesday as a brush fire in Los Angeles County, north of Brentwood. The Skirball Fire has destroyed 422 acres and is 85% contained.
Liberty Fire: This blaze in Riverside County has burned 300 acres since it ignited Thursday. It's 100% contained, but authorities are monitoring the fire because of a forecasted increase in winds.
Celebrities thank firefighters
Several celebrities with homes in the endangered region thanked firefighters for their brave efforts.
Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres, who both have houses in Montecito, tweeted that they were praying for their communities.
“Our house is under threat of being burned. We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters,” DeGeneres said. They later tweeted that they were proud to be part of a community where people were helping each other to safety.
Winfrey tweeted that their prayer as the fires raged was “peace be still.”
And retired tennis player Jimmy Connors said the Thomas Fire was also threatening their home and tweeted that firefighters were “working tirelessly.”
Firefighters from Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington state have come to California help battle the blazes.
And the Nevada Department of Corrections and Nevada Division of Forestry, which run conservation camps for inmates, have sent six trained crews of minimum-security inmates to fight the Thomas Fire.
CAPTURED BY A COYOTE Coyote Peterson Finds A Giant Stabbing Cockroach That Smells Like Maple Syrup, And An Array Of Other Creepy Crawlies
Give Coyote two hours in the jungle at night and he'll find a way to get bitten up by a swarm of army ants, make friends with a velvety gecko and have two venomous snakes relax dangerously close to theirs face.
[USA], May 31 (ANI): Venting out their anger over the Russian meddling probe, United States President Donald Trump on Wednesday said they rued their decision of picking attorney general Jeff Sessions to head the Department of Justice (DoJ).
Trump was cited by Republican Party's Trey Gowdy, wherein the latter told in a CBS interview that "he wished that they could pick someone else to lead the DoJ."
As per The Hill, Gowdy, who was later quoted by Trump said the US President was merely "expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job, not afterwards."
In a series of tweets, Trump wrote, "Rep.Trey Gowdy, "I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's...."
"....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, 'oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that's how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you.....", the US President wrote their second tweet on the micro-blogging site.
"...There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!" And I wish I did!", Trump wrote in their third tweet.
A top backer of Trump campaign, Sessions decided to recuse themselves from the Russian meddling probe after it was revealed that during the 2016 presidential election, they had not disclosed the "contacts" with the US ambassador to Russia.
The decision was slammed by Trump, calling it as an "ultimate betrayal". The US President has earlier said that they wanted an attorney general to shield them "legally and politically."
Aides close to Trump have said that the US President did not fire Sessions as it would draw massive flak among others.
Instead, Trump has been lambasting special counsel Robert Mueller and their investigating team for "undermining" the credibility of the Russian meddling probe.
Mueller, who is investigating the alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 United States election, has planned to wrap the probe into whether President Donald Trump obstructed the Russia inquiry by September 1, the president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani had told Fox News, earlier.
According to the report, the date, however, is conditional as it comes with the clause from Mueller, which states, "if they are able to interview Trump by mid-July".
The former mayor of New York City urged that the investigation should end soon so that it doesn't affect Republican chances in November's midterm elections.
Giuliani also urged the swift wrapping of the probe in the backdrop of former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey revelation in the last days of the 2016 presidential race that they were reopening the investigation into then Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's email server, according to several media reports.
Russia had earlier denied meddling in the US election campaign and Trump called Mueller's probe a "political witch hunt". (ANI)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. – Zeus, Havoc and Draco are the newest officers to hit the streets of Virginia. It may sound like the community is protected by immortals or wizards, but these are the latest K-9 officers to join the force.
It took 14 weeks, and a lot of effort to get to this shining moment of Basic School Graduation – and there was no pomp or circumstance. Instead the procession included a refrain of “good boy” as officers ran their new partners through skills like completing an obstacle course and attacking a “suspect.”
“You get a bunch of bumps, bruises…bled a couple of times. Everyday you wake up and you're sore, but it's worth it,” said Officer Daniel Dixon, who is partnered with Havoc.
Havoc and Zeus, who is partnered with Officer Samuel Hernandez, will serve the Richmond Police Department.
Draco is from Louisa County and is headed off to drug school for more training.
“We just want to continue to add animals to our toolbox, if you will, to safeguard the community,” said Richmond Police Chief Alfred Durham.
Havoc and Zeus were 11 months old when they started training; Draco was 18 months old.
“Coming from day one out here to what we are able to do now, it is pretty amazing looking back,” Dixon said.
The RPD K-9 Unit has 12 dogs total; eight in patrol, three in drug, and one in bomb detecting.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Orchestra set to raise the roof to celebrate MK Dons SET's 10th anniversary
FROM the Match Of the Day theme music to Ravels Bolero and Nessun Dorma, sport and music combine to raise the roof at Arena MK.
The occasion is a Sporting Prom concert to celebrate the tenth anniversary of MK Dons Sport & Education Trust and the 50th anniversary of the founding of Milton Keynes.
Milton Keynes City Orchestra will perform a programme of iconic sporting themes and a traditional ‘Last Night of the Proms' spectacular.
MK Dons SET chief executive John Cove said: “We are delighted that the orchestra are supporting us, not only with SET's birthday celebrations but also MK50.
"It is fantastic that we have been able to adapt the set to include iconic sporting themes which represents sport in Milton Keynes.”
This event takes place on November 17, with the doors opening at 6.30pm and the programme beginning at 7pm.
Orchestra chair Marian Livingstone said: “It is a great honour for MKCO to be chosen to celebrate the tenth anniversary of MK Dons SET. We have great admiration for the community impact of this highly successful charity.
“This is our first time performing undercover in the arena and our music director Damian Iorio has had great fun working up the sporting music programme with the SET team.”
Tickets are £20 per adult, £10 per child and £50 per family of two adults and two children, available online at www.mkdonsset.com/set-10th-birthday, at the MK Dons Box Office or by telephone at 0333 200 5343. Tables of ten are also available at £400.
07-10-2017
March 31 McDonald's Corp said on Friday the personal information of about 95,000 restaurant job applicants was compromised after the company's Canadian careers website was the target of a cyberattack.
The information included the names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and employment backgrounds of the applicants.
The website was closed after McDonald's learned of the attack, and will remain shut until an ongoing investigation is complete, the Canadian unit of McDonald's said. (Reporting by Vishaka George in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
VARMLAND, Sweden — A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized.
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
According to the BBC, there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country.
“The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation,” the BBC reported.
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “Game of Thrones” or “Lord of the Rings.”
“The Night King spotted on their way to Vasteras in central Sweden. Winter is here,” Sebastian Larsson wrote.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
“It's the deer god from Princess Mononoke,” another person commented.
With all the craziness we have in the world right now, it's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic. https://t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins (@HRBabe) August 13, 2017
It's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose, which are white with a few small brown specks.
Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom George Brandis has met the Queen during a private audience at Buckingham Palace.
The former attorney-general and Queensland senator took up their post in London earlier this month, replacing Alexander Downer, and met the Queen on Wednesday.
Attention has been drawn to a photograph of Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex in the room where the Queen received Mr Brandis, believed to have been taken prior to the royal wedding on May 19.
Earlier this month, Mr Brandis controversially labelled the government of their former colleague Tony Abbott as "ideologically right wing", sparking an angry response from Mr Abbott who tweeted, "George Brandis has begun their ambassadorship with a partisan attack that rewrites history".
By Joyce M. Rosenberg, The Associated Press
On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, left, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents talks with Jordan Wilson at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, right, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents works with owner Jay O'Brien at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that hed spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, poses for a photo at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office where they work in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that hed spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes its because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but cant find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, uses a wheelchair works on marketing campaigns for agents at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback who has cerebral palsy works on marketing campaigns for agents at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
“I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work,” says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
While some jobs they applied for would have required them to do errands, which they couldn't have done, at many places they never got a clear explanation of why they aren't considered. In their job, they coordinate with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and their business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in their work.
“We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move,” O'Brien says, such as, “‘You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'”
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and “aced that immediately,” Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since they began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, they want to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an “untapped” talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
“Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true,” says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. “The employer has the right to let them go.”
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said they would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for their Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, they knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left — the employee didn't need any help getting their work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
“He's willing to stay late and learn,” Hollins said. “That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way.”
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Virginia, President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
“Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” the president said from the White House.
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
“To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered,” the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. Their initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of “hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides” was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, “The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, “We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
FEVER. Headache. Stomach pain. Muscle aches. Skin rashes.
Typhoid fever is a killer.
It is contracted by consuming contaminated foods or drinks.
It's believed to have been the source of many historical plagues — including one which wiped out one third of the citizens of Athens in 430BC. It also claimed a terrible toll among the first settlers of America, killing some 6000 between 1607 and 1642.
Typhoid proved particularly fatal to those who had no immune response against it — particularly young children.
But the evolution of medical science brought understanding of the disease.
First, in 1838, it was realised Typhoid was present in the excrement of the infected. This could then contaminate water sources.
Then, in 1880, the bacterium behind the disease was identified.
Finally, a vaccine was developed and introduced in 1896.
For a century Typhoid was beaten back. Sanitation measures limited its sources. Vaccination controlled its spread. Antibiotics treated the ill.
Typhoid is now rare among developed nations. Most cases are picked up through travel.
But a disturbing new outbreak has been detected in Pakistan.
Camera Icon Bacteria related to typhoid in this colourised electron microscope image. Picture: Supplied
RACE AGAINST TIME
Britain's Wellcome Sanger Institute reports a new ‘superbug' strain of the Typoid bacteria, Salmonella Typhi, is proving resistant to a broad range of antibiotics used to treat the infection.
It's been headed that way for some time.
Three types of antibiotic were noted as not having any effect in Pakistan more than a decade ago.
Now that number is up to five.
The ‘superbug' outbreak was first detected in 2016. Since then, 800 have been diagnosed with the deadly strain.
It's now been detected in Pakistan's largest city, Karachi.
Things are expected to get much worse.
RELATED: The antibiotic apocalypse — it's here, and now
Doctors are finding they have little left in their arsenal to combat its spread.
And it's still spreading.
The new Typhoid strain has been classified XDR — eXtensively Drug Resistant. This means only one category of antibiotic remains effective — the azithromycin class of broad-spectrum drugs.
The last hope to stop it escaping Pakistan is an emergency vaccination campaign.
The new drug was approved by the World Health Organisation in December.
Karachi is now attempting to distribute 250,000 jabs to children aged under five in the affected areas.
But Pakistan's population is suspicious.
Camera Icon Pakistan's poor communities fear vaccination is a Western conspiracy to poison their children. Picture: AFP
FEARMONGERING
Rumours are raging like wildfire among Pakistan's poorer communities.
They fear the new vaccine is the source of the outbreak.
They believe it is all part of an international conspiracy to poison their children.
So many of those exposed to the unsanitary conditions which breed the deadly bacteria are refusing vaccination.
Scientific American points out they have some cause for suspicion, however.
A team of hepatitis vaccinators active in Pakistan and Afghanistan were discovered in 2011 to have been working with US intelligence agencies to track down al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. This gave credence to Taliban claims that vaccination was a Western conspiracy to poison the followers of Islam.
But their scare campaign may backfire in a big way. If not controlled, the new typhoid strain could continue to mutate and become an epidemic in the region.
“Our fear is that the mutant gene will prevail — that the antibiotics we have left will be rendered useless,” says Tahir Yousafzai, an infectious disease expert with Pakistan's Aga Khan University.
But how did things get so bad in the first place?
Camera Icon Two girls sit by the doorway of a home, in an alley of a slum on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan. Sewage mixing with drinking water is a hotbed for infection. Picture: AP
BACTERIAL BIPARTISANSHIP
Researchers in the UK and Pakistan have been closely examining the new bacterium to find out how it evolved into what it is.
They've discovered Salmonella Typhi has exchanged DNA with another microbe, probably Escherichia coli.
“We have used genetic sequencing to uncover how this particular strain of typhoid became resistant to several key antibiotics. Sporadic cases of typhoid with these levels of antimicrobial resistance have been seen before, but this is the first time we've seen an ongoing outbreak — which is concerning,” says Professor Gordon Dougan of the Wellcome Sanger Institute and University of Cambridge.
They've mapped the history of the outbreak of the ‘superbug', and found the original cases to have been clustered around sewage lines.
Aga Khan University microbiology professor Sadia Shakoorand says they believe the mutation likely developed within those lines and spread into the water supply.
“The treatment options for typhoid are running out. It's time we focus on prevention, in addition to treatment,” says Dr Charlie Weller of the Wellcome Sanger Institute.
They emphasise effective vaccination is the last line of defence we have.
“Vaccines offer another way to tackle drug resistant infections and we have a unique opportunity to address typhoid with a new Typhoid Conjugate Vaccine that has been recently prequalified by the World Health Organisation,” they said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
In Saugatuck, you expect the (mostly) women Peppermint Stick Brigade to attack the equally-zany male Snow Shovel Drill team with Silly String in front of Butler Street crowds near the end of their annual procession. Saturday's annual holiday fun also included a Santa appearance, a tree-lighting ceremony and more. (Photo by Scott Sullivan)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
(Updates with U.S. trading, adds commentary, changes byline, previous dateline London)
* Oil up 1 pct as Syria, Libya oilfield shutdown support prices
* U.S. stocks higher
* Geopolitics underpins risk-off mood in Europe
* FACTBOX on market views & French elections
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 10 Wall Street stock indexes rose on Monday as higher oil futures boosted the energy sector and investors placed their bets ahead of the U.S. quarterly corporate earnings season.
However, U.S. Treasury yields dipped in advance of the government's $24 billion debt auction later in the day, part of its $56 billion sale of notes and bonds this week.
In commodities, oil prices rose around 1 percent, supported by strong demand and uncertainty over the conflict in Syria and another shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were up 57 cents at $55.81 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 65 cents at $52.89 a barrel.
"Markets are taking some comfort in that," said Jeffrey Kleintop, Chief Global Investment Strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "When we go below $50 investors worry about global weakness and concerns about the solvency and economies of oil producers like Russia and Saudi Arabia."
The S&P's energy sector was the biggest percentage gainer and strongest positive influence out of the benchmark's 11 major sectors.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 70.65 points, or 0.34 percent, to 20,726.75, the S&P 500 gained 6.67 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,362.21 and the Nasdaq Composite added 14.71 points, or 0.25 percent, to 5,892.52.
Investors will also have their eye on the U.S. earnings season, which kicks off this week with reports from some of the biggest banks.
"There's some optimism among investors that the earnings reports are going to validate the rise in valuations we've seen over the last six months," said Kleintop.
"The news on earnings will be good but I don't know that it'll be good enough to sustain all the gains we've seen over the last six months."
In the currency market the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, was down slightly after touching its highest point in three weeks earlier in the day. The dollar had risen 0.5 percent Friday.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were 2.364 percent, down 1 basis point from late on Friday, while the 30-year yield was 1 basis point lower at 2.988 percent.
The MSCI all world stock index was up 0.1 percent. The index has risen as much as 12.4 percent since early November to an intraday peak on March 21. It trades at 16 times forward earnings, compared to a 15-year average of about 14 times.
European stocks clung to a tiny 0.01 percent gain as investors there focused on geopolitical risks.
Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
Ahead of this month's French presidential vote, investors eyed the rise of far-left candidate Jean Luc Melenchon in polls as this raises the possibility they will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
"The market is focusing a bit too much on the extreme possibilities, but I guess with the elections coming up so soon some nerves are inevitable," said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Vikram Subhedar and Abhinav Ramnarayann in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and Chizu Nomiyama)
White House officials rolled out a list of 15 visa-lottery jihadis and chain-migration terrorists to pressure Democrats towards a compromise on the president's “framework” amnesty-and-immigration plan.
The February 2 list of jihadis includes a senior leader in the Islamic counter-attack against personal freedom, Mousa Mohammed Abu Marzook.  They are an “alleged United States Hamas leader [who] received their green card through a predecessor program to the visa lottery,” said the statement. “Marzook was deported in 1997 for terrorist activities.”
The statement backs up Trump's speech in the State of the Union speech, where they urged elimination of the visa lottery and chain migration programs, saying:
It is time to begin moving towards a merit-based immigration system, one that admits people who are skilled, who want to work who will contribute to our society and who will love and respect our country.
The jihadis include seven “mujahids” who arrived via the visa lottery and six “jihadis” who arrived via chain migration. They include:
They had the job licked but after eight years sniffing out airports for drugs and making sure world leaders were safe from explosives, police dog Keogh is hanging up their leash.
The Firearms and Explosives Detection Unit dog and their handler, Constable Luke Tobin, formed the longest serving team of its kind in the Australian Federal Police before the pooch retired last month.
Despite their departure from the ranks, Keogh will continue to spend their days with Constable Tobin after the officer decided to adopt him.
Camera Icon AFP Constable Luke Tobin has adopted Keogh after working with them for a number of years. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter
But rather than searching the homes of organised crime figures or checking Queen Elizabeth's car for explosives, the black labrador's day will be spent at the beach and joining their ‘dad' for coffee.
“He is a bit institutionalised as a work dog,” Constable Tobin said.
“Settling in to pet life was quite hard for the first weekend.”
Constable Tobin also adopted Keogh's brother, Koby, a former cash and drugs detection dog, last year after the canine retired on medical grounds.
Most of Keogh's days on the job were spent at Sydney Airport, sweeping through terminals, vehicles, planes and sniffing around luggage.
MORE: SNIFFER DOG USED IN DOUBLE BAY OPERATION
MORE: NEW POLICE DOGS RECRUITED TO SEARCH FOR VICTIMS
Camera Icon Constable Tobin on the job with Keogh in 2012. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter Camera Icon Keogh spent most of their days in the airport but they have been part of high-profile crime investigations. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter
They were also involved in some of Sydney's most high-profile crime investigations, including Operation Appleby — a huge counter-terrorism crackdown in 2014.
Despite their lengthy career, 10-year-old Keogh didn't uncover any bombs or guns that Constable Tobin could remember.
“We had various detections at house raids and referred them to the investigators on site,” they said.
Keogh's move into retirement came after they had a benign tumour removed from their spleen last year.
“He was still searching really well, their heart and soul were still there,” Constable Tobin said. “But it was about whether or not at their age it was better to wait until they break or retire them when they were relatively healthy.”
Keogh may still show interest in strangers with a target odour but that behaviour will slowly diminish.
Camera Icon Constable Tobin with Keogh and their brother Koby. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tim Hunter
Keeping them out of their AFP harness will also help them adapt to pet life.
Some AFP detection dogs come from the Australian Border Force breeding centre, where there is a focus on breeding pups with specific traits.
“It is all about personality as opposed to the capability to just smell stuff, any dog can do that” Constable Tobin said.
After seeing out their puppy period, Keogh went through a 16-week course focused on firearm and explosive detection.
The dogs are introduced to a dummy, which is a really a towel soaked in a target odour.
Dogs soon learn they are rewarded if they can find the target odour.
“At the end of the day a dog is only as good as its handler,” Constable Tobin said.
“And that's where we come in. If you do the right training and continue to improve, its amazing what they can do.”
The headliner is a rematch of former lightweight champion and world No. 3 Eddie Alvarez and No. 4 Dustin Poirier. Their bout a year ago in Dallas ended in a no-contest when Alvarez illegally kneed Poirier in the head.
Both fighters are angling for a shot at the title, currently held by undefeated Russian Khabib Nurmagomedov
For Alvarez (29-5 and one no-contest), this is their last fight on their current contract.
"I enjoy putting everything on the line. I do really well in those situations," the 34-year-old said. "As I get older and I understand myself more and how I perform more, I am purposefully putting myself in those situations because I know how to respond.
"The winner of this fight is fighting for the world title next. That's what on the line, but what's always on the line is my skin and my name. My name and putting Dustin Poirier's name in my resume. Another champion and formidable opponent conquered."
Alvarez contends Poirier (23-5 and one no-contest) wanted to quit their last bout and that only one of three their knees to Poirier's head was illegal.
"Anything they say I think he's trying to save face or make themselves feel better about what happened, but I'm just glad they signed again because we've been trying to get this rematch for over a year now," said Poirier, 29.
"There are a lot of big things riding on this fight for me. I believe one hundred per cent that a win over Eddie Alvarez at this point in my career puts me in line for the next shot at the world title."
Brazil's Jose Aldo versus Erik Koch was to be the premiere fight in Calgary in 2012 when Aldo was featherweight champ, but both men were too injured to battle.
Aldo, now No. 2 with a career 26-4 record, gets another chance in Calgary as the co-main bout with No. 4 Jeremy Stephens (28-14).
The top women's fight features world No. 1 strawweight Joanna Jedrzejczyk (14-2) and No. 5 Tecia Torres (10-2).
"The quality of those six athletes in those three fights are ranked in the top five," Shaw said. "Each of those could be a main event on a standard fight night."
Homegrown fighters on the undercard include Calgary's Hakeem Dawodu (7-1-1) versus Austin Arnett (15-5), as well as Jordan Mein of Lethbridge, Alta., (30-12) taking on Alex Morono (14-4, one no-contest).
By Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A family left in tears over how they say they were treated during a shopping trip in Knoxville.
Gina Grubbs says they were shopping at Stein Mart in Dean Hill with their son, Sam. Sam is 20 and has Down syndrome.
“Everybody at Hardin Valley knows how Sammy loves to dress and he's very proud. They always want to look nice,” said Gina Grubbs. “He cannot zip zippers or button, they need help.”
Sam was in the women's fitting room trying on clothes when Gina Grubbs says they stepped outside to see how they looked in the mirror and didn't haven a shirt on. That's when they say an employee told them Sam was not allowed to be in the dressing room.
“She was like ‘oh my gosh, what are they doing here? They can't be in here,'” said Gina Grubbs. “At that point I stuck my head around the corner and said ‘excuse me.' They said ‘we can't have them in here. You guys are going to have to go somewhere else.'”
The family says they understood and asked for other options because Sam can't be alone. They were told Sam could go to the men's side.
“I said ‘by himself?' and they said ‘Yes, women aren't allowed in the men's fitting room either,'” said Gina Grubbs. “I said ‘he can't go by himself. They wouldn't understand what to do.' I asked ‘what are we supposed to do then' and they said ‘I don't know. I guess you go somewhere else.'”
Gina Grubbs said the exchange was hurtful and the first time they've been treated differently.
“Something that we've started thinking about the last few days, other people see them as a man, he's 20, I understand that, but they clearly have down syndrome so I can't understand how anyone would think there would be anything inappropriate,” said Gina Grubbs.
Now the family is hoping to start a conversation and get options for families who don't fit into what's considered normal.
“I do think that there should be some training and I think there should be some better policies to deal with the public and handle a delicate situation,” said Gina Grubbs. “I think if Sammy could understand really what was going on it would break their heart.”
WATE 6 On Your Side reached out to the Down Syndrome Awareness Group of East Tennessee. Executive Director Angie Holbert issued a statement saying:
It is disheartening to know that people in our community react to individuals with Down syndrome and their families with little compassion or understanding. I hope this situation will bring awareness to others to prevent similar situations in the future. Every person should be given the same consideration in any situation regardless of their physical, cognitive or emotional abilities. Individuals with a disability should never feel shameful for simply completing a task that typically developing individuals are able to do without question regarding their appearance or gender. This behavior should not be tolerated by anyone, it is discrimination. Thank you to this family for advocating for (Sam) your loved one and all individuals who have different abilities.
A spokesperson with Stein Mart said the company's CEO, Hunt Hawkins, called the family directly to apologize and left a voicemail. In a statement Hawkins said:
“Our merchandising manager observed an adult male inside our ladies' fitting room area. Working under an abundance of caution, with every customer's privacy in mind, they immediately directed the man to our men's fitting rooms without any intent to discriminate. We regret that this happened. We're reviewing our store policies and our training process. We're eager to turn an unfortunate situation into a good one for all individuals involved and to take the right action steps to ensure all customers always feel welcome in our stores.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
(REUTERS) – Campaigning for the Dutch election kicks off on Wednesday with anti-Islam leader Geert Wilders frontrunner in a vote that will test the anti-establishment sentiment that swept Britain out of the European Union and Donald Trump into the U.S. presidency.
Wilders, a eurosceptic, anti-immigration fan of Trump has dubbed the March 15 parliamentary election the start of a “Patriotic Spring” in Europe, where French and German voters go to the polls in May and September.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Unlike Trump's win and the Brexit vote, it will not be a shock if Wilders and their Party for Freedom win, they have led in opinion polls for most of the past two years and the fragmented political landscape means a coalition government of four or more parties is all but inevitable.
Their main rival, Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the conservative VVD Party, is banking on a strengthening economic recovery to restore popularity lost during the austerity years of 2012-2014.
(Read more from Reuters here)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
In this photo taken on Monday, July 2, 2018, Zatadina, 20, from Eritrea, records with their mobile phone as other rescued people and part of the crew dance aboard the Open Arms aid boat, of Proactiva Open Arms Spanish NGO, on their way to Europe. Spain's government said Barcelona will be the docking port for the aid boat traveling with 60 migrants rescued on Saturday in waters near Libya and rejected by both Italy and Malta. less
× Seahawks trade 2020 seventh-round draft pick for seldom-used cornerback
SEATTLE – Will it be one of the little-noticed moves that makes a big difference in the end?
The Seahawks made a minor trade Monday, dealing away a future draft pick for a seldom-used defensive back.
The Cleveland Browns announced Monday that they'd agreed to trade defensive back C.J. Smith to the Seahawks for a 2020 conditional seventh-round pick.
Smith signed with the Philadelphia Eagles after going undrafted out of North Dakota State in 2016, then made their way to the Browns in 2017. He's played in 13 total games across two seasons, and has two tackles.
Smith does have one thing the Seahawks covet: Long arms. The News Tribune reports they have 32-inch arms – a mark the team has shown time and again it thinks is important.
Remember the man who was in prison and had THE HOTTEST MUG SHOT!!? Well, they have been out of prison for one whole year and is now making their modeling debut in New York Fashion Week! Watch below to see this ‘hot felon' strutting their stuff in NY! **SHIRTLESS BY THE WAY**
CTV Atlantic
Prosecutors in New Brunswick are now reviewing the case of a man killed in a hit-and-run collision, but there is still no word on possible charges.
Police responded to the collision on Saint-Charles South Road in Saint-Charles, N.B., around 9:30 p.m. on Feb. 24.
Police say 22-year-old Brady Francis had been standing on the side of the road, waiting for a drive home, when they were struck by the vehicle.
Francis, a member of the Elsipogtog First Nation, died at the scene.
Investigators say the vehicle had fled the scene before police arrived, but officers seized a pickup truck on Feb. 25. The truck was returned to the owner after police gathered the information required for their investigation.
The RCMP confirmed to CTV News that one person was arrested on March 15, but they were released without charges.
The file is now in the hands of Crown prosecutors to review for possible charges.
Francis' family and friends have staged a number of public demonstrations, urging the driver to come forward.
Police released photos of the truck in March, asking anyone who may have seen the vehicle in the hours leading up to the crash to contact them.
Police believe the grey 2003 GMC Sierra pickup truck was in and around the Richibucto area, primarily in the communities of Saint-Ignace, Saint-Charles and Saint-Louis-de-Kent, the day of the crash.
They would especially like to speak to anyone who spotted the truck in the Richbiucto area between noon and 10 p.m. on Feb. 24.
The truck has a camouflage-coloured wind deflector on the hood, camouflage window deflectors over the driver and passenger side windows, a "Browning" decal over the front windshield, and several camouflage decals on the tailgate and rear windows.
Police returned to the scene of the collision on April 5 and closed a section of Saint-Charles South Road in Saint-Charles, N.B. to traffic.
Police haven't said what they were looking for, or whether they found any new evidence related to the case.
Anyone with information about the truck or the incident is asked to contact the Richibucto RCMP or Crime Stoppers.
KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Flash floods and landslides triggered by heavy rains have left more than 30 people dead in Nepal in the past 24 hours, authorities said on Saturday.
Ten more people were missing and the number of dead looked set to climb as large parts of the country were underwater, officials said.
Rescue teams of soldiers, police and local people have been deployed to help those trapped on rooftops or on higher ground, officials added, as TV pictures showed damaged roads and bridges.
Weather experts said more rain was expected overnight and the government has told residents to remain alert. The Koshi river in the south of the country - a main waterway - was above the danger level, authorities warned.
Monsoon rains from June to September are important for farm-dependent Nepal, but they also cause havoc each year.
"It has left extensive damage," Dipak Kafle, a spokesperson for Nepal's Home Ministry, told Reuters. They said there was no estimate yet for property losses.
"We have more than 30 people confirmed dead. But we are more focused on rescuing those who are alive than collecting details about the dead," they said, indicating the death toll could go up.
In the eastern city of Biratnagar an airport runway was under two feet of water, TV footage showed, leading to a suspension of flights. Highways were either damaged or inundated, disrupting transport, police said.
Local officials have opened temporary shelters for displaced people in schools or public buildings.
FIREARMS SEIZURE - Twenty-nine firearms were seized after Red Deer RCMP officers executed two search warrants in November. Two individuals were charged with 198 combined charges. Todd Colin Vaughan/Red Deer Express Todd Colin Vaughan/Red Deer Express
City of Red Deer RCMP Superintendent Ken Foster is crediting good old fashioned police work for the seizure of 29 firearms and the arrest of two individuals who were charged with 198 criminal charges.
On Nov. 5th, RCMP officers from the Red Deer Community Response Unit executed a search warrant at a storage locker located at 4904 79th St.
Officers seized 25 rifles, three shotguns, four crossbows and two pellet guns.
The officers also seized ammunition, bicycles, dirt bikes, chainsaws, a generator and electronics equipment.
The weapons were hidden in a sleeping bag, hockey bag, a ski bag and gun cases. Eight of the weapons and both dirt bikes were reported stolen so far and Foster said the RCMP is continuing to look into the other weapons.
On Nov. 22nd, officers executed a search warrant at 58th Ave. in Highland Green. The officers seized a shotgun, a magazine, a replica firearm, methamphetamine, large amounts of ammunition and numerous other previously reported stolen items including identity documents.
Red Deer Mayor Tara Veer and Foster both credited Project Pinpoint for these arrests and seizures.
“Project Pinpoint is a great example of something we initiated a couple years ago which focused on prolific offenders. Now we are seeing the result of that,” Veer said.
Foster added it is important for residents to report all crimes and be engaged.
“That doesn't mean we can solve your individual crime and doesn't necessarily mean we can show up to a crime depending on the severity, but the analytics become very important,” Foster said.
“When we know the places, locations and the modus operandi — it is not hard. We know who does the crime. It is just a matter of getting the evidence to lay the charges.”
Andrew Scott Charpentier, 25, faces a total of 100 charges regarding the search warrants including 29 counts of unauthorized possession of a firearm, 28 counts of possession of a stolen firearm, 28 counts of careless use of firearm or ammunition, one count of unauthorized possession of a weapon, one count of possession of firearm with altered serial number, three counts illegal possession of or trafficking in government documents, two counts of failure to comply with undertaking, seven counts of possession of stolen property under $5,000 and one count possession of Schedule I substance (crystal meth).
Kelsey Pearl Torpe faces a total of 98 charges including 29 counts of unauthorized possession of a firearm, 28 counts of possession of a stolen firearm, 28 counts of careless use of firearm, one count of unauthorized possession of a weapon, one count of possession of a firearm with an altered serial number, three counts illegal possession of or trafficking in government documents, seven counts of possession of stolen property under $5,000 and one count possession of Schedule I substance (crystal meth).
Veer said these charges speak to what Red Deerians are facing in terms of property crime.
“It takes time to do good investigations and for us to move forward as a community, we need to be patient as the RCMP are investigating these prolific offenders,” they said.
“This strategy is proving results for our community. We can strongly attest to the fact that our community is safer because these 29 weapons are off the street.”
Foster added that the firearms represented a danger to everyone in the community.
“That is a significant amount of fire power,” they said.
“Property crimes are significant. Some people think it is just a theft from a shed or a theft from a vehicle, but it all feeds criminal activity and lifestyle.
“These firearms are elevated up to higher-end criminals who are doing robberies, home invasions and things like that. I am glad these guns are off the street.”
Veer added that despite high property crime due to the provincial economy, the City and the RCMP are not sitting still.
“As the dynamic of crime continues to change, we will continue to adapt new strategies in order to attend to the number one concern of our citizens,” they said.
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/RedDeerExpress.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. — The Detroit Lions have earned the right to keep their hopes of making the playoffs for at least another week.
Perhaps fittingly, they did it by making enough plays late in a game to win.
Detroit ended its second losing streak of two or more games this season, going 49 yards to set up Matt Prater's 46-yard field goal to beat Tampa Bay 24-21 Sunday.
In Jim Caldwell's four seasons, the Lions lead the league with 20 wins on drives in the fourth quarter or overtime.
"The biggest thing is they are not daunted by some huge task and adversity," Caldwell said Monday. "They use it more as a friend than a foe."
Detroit (7-6) faces Chicago (4-9) at home Saturday, aiming to close the regular season strong enough to stay in post-season contention.
The Lions will have to win their next three games and get some — or a lot — of help to reach the playoffs for the second straight time and third overall under Caldwell.
Carolina (9-4), New Orleans (9-4) and Atlanta (8-5) are all ahead of them in the NFC, and they all beat Detroit to own a potential tiebreaker.
Detroit's best chance to beat the Bears, win at Cincinnati and defeat Green Bay at home is to protect quarterback Matthew Stafford as well as it did against the Buccaneers.
Stafford was not sacked for the first time in a game this season. They were sacked 13 times the previous four games and stepped on once, leading to them throwing with a banged-up hand.
Agustin Pichot, IRB World Rugby vice-president and former Argentina captain, speaks to Reuters in an interview in Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Agustin Pichot, IRB World Rugby vice-president and former Argentina captain, speaks to Reuters in an interview in Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Agustin Pichot, IRB World Rugby vice-president and former Argentina captain, speaks to Reuters in an interview in Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Agustin Pichot, IRB World Rugby vice-president and former Argentina captain, speaks to Reuters in an interview in Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
BUENOS AIRES Argentina must beat England in next month's two-test home series to restore the image formed at the 2015 World Cup and erase the memory of a poor 2016 season, former Pumas captain Agustin Pichot told Reuters.
Pichot, World Rugby's vice-president, also said in an interview in Buenos Aires they would like to bring the 2027 World Cup to Argentina and that their country would make an exciting destination for a British and Irish Lions tour.
The June test series may not be against England's best, who have contributed 16 players to tour New Zealand with the Lions at the same time, but Pichot said the Pumas can still expect a very strong side under Eddie Jones.
"We need to win," said Pichot. "After last year our image wasn't great, so now we need to win and playing locally against England it's a must.
"Eddie Jones is doing very good work.  They are bringing a lot of young players, so that could be very dangerous for Argentina. Even against a non-Lions England team it's going to be very tough."
Pichot took Argentina to the top rungs of the game with their leadership of the bronze medal-winning Pumas at the 2007 World Cup in France. They helped them find a place in the southern hemisphere's Rugby Championship, and they watched proudly as they reached the semi-finals again in England two years ago.
But 2016 was a year of transition, with more disappointments than success. It left Argentina with barely two wins in nine tests and a slump to ninth in the rankings before next week's 2019 World Cup draw in Japan, where Pichot was headed on Wednesday.
They said Argentina made no excuses for ending up in the third tier of seeds for the draw and landing in a pool that will include two top-eight teams - with the risk of missing out on the quarter-finals - but there were mitigating factors.
"After that (2015) World Cup, which was a great achievement, with the (introduction of the) Super Rugby team, there were many things that changed the reality of Argentine rugby," Pichot said.
"The difficulties of the Rugby Championship, plus Super Rugby, plus the November tour was very hard on the players and the results were not those expected," they said, considering that Argentina have a pool of around 45 players from which to pick a team for the Jaguares franchise and the Pumas.
‘NEW PROFESSIONALISM'
"You have to go through this process (of change), the professionalism that is new in Argentina, to get better. You have to take into consideration that Argentina's professional rugby started in 2016.
"The difficulty is that in Super Rugby and the Sevens series, two cross-regional and even inter-hemisphere competitions, you have to travel (huge distances) to play against professional teams."
Dealing with such demands on players is a key issue Pichot and World Rugby president Bill Beaumont have at the top of their priorities in improving the game.
"(Player safety) is a very important subject on the agenda, or maybe the most important ... regarding concussion, regarding travel," Pichot said.
"Unfortunately there are some things on the calendar that you can't change. We discuss these issues with the players. We have a very good relationship with the International Players' Association. The players want to play, the clubs want to make money, the international game wants to carry on. We need to work harder to see when we give the players the necessary rest so they can perform better.”
A longer term goal of Pichot's is to bring the World Cup to Argentina, with 2027 the first realistic target.
"We are a long way towards the goal of at least having Argentina considered for a Rugby World Cup, (but) we really want that, the country needs that and I think we have a great country to host it, hopefully we can have the right bid with the government's support," they said.
Perhaps a Lions tour of Argentina would open the eyes of British fans to how exciting a World Cup in Argentina, always a good touring destination for players, could be.
However, Pichot said the nature of such big tours and the memory of scraping a 25-25 draw with the Pumas in a one-off match in Cardiff before the Lions' 2005 tour of New Zealand would make it difficult to set it up.
"The Lions are not going to want a hard team to get into a tour. They prefer to go into the provinces and play, that's what I was told, so the last experience at the Millennium when we drew, I think it was not a great memory for the Lions to just do that again," they said.
"I don't think Argentina is ready commercially to bring the sustainability that New Zealand, Australia and South Africa bring, but we'd love to host them and we have a great atmosphere that I think would be great for Lions fans and tourists."
(The story was refiled to say 2027 World Cup in the second paragraph)
(Editing by Larry King)
Animal Planet's Puppy Bowl airs this Sunday ahead of that other big game. And while everyone is always excited to watch the serious cuteness on the field, there's more to the show than just Team Ruff and Team Fluff: all of the puppies are rescues, and by the time the show airs several months after filming, most have been adopted.
One such lucky dog was Slippers, now Moxie, who found themselves going home with PEOPLE Executive Editor Kate Coyne after the 2017 taping. Here, Coyne tells Moxie's story.
One year ago, I was lucky enough to attend the Puppy Bowl — and even luckier to fall in love with and ultimately adopt a pup then known as Slippers, a Pomeranian/Poodle/Havanese mix who honestly looked more like a Star Wars promotional toy.
Courtesy Kate Coyne
They came into my life at an auspicious moment; I was five months pregnant, already a mom to twin boys, and had a large and lovable mutt at home. But as soon as I saw her, I knew they were meant to be mine, and soon Moxie, as we renamed her, was a part of the family.
Of course, only four months after they joined us, our family expanded yet again with the arrival of our other, newer little one, my daughter Eve. I worried at first what Moxie — who by that point was used to sleeping curled up next to me every night and was receiving quite a lot of babying themselves — would think of Eve, and vice versa.
PHOTOS: Meet Puppy Bowl 2018's Cutest Contenders!
Turns out there was no need to fret: Moxie now thinks their primary role is to serve as Eve's bodyguard, and Eve's heartiest and best laughs are reserved for anything Moxie does. As a somewhat tiny baby at birth — barely more than 5 lbs. — Eve was outweighed by the 7.5-lbs. Moxie for a little while.
The scales now tip in my human baby girl's favor, but as far as I'm concerned, they are perfectly matched.
Catch Puppy Bowl this Sunday, Feb. 4, at 3 p.m. ET on Animal Planet.
People walk past damaged shops after Cyclone Debbie hit the northern Queensland town of Airlie Beach, located south of Townsville in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Emergency relief supplies for those affected by Cyclone Debbie are loaded onto the Royal Australian Navy Ship HMAS Choules at the Port of Brisbane in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Emergency relief supplies for those affected by Cyclone Debbie are loaded onto the Royal Australian Navy Ship HMAS Choules at the Port of Brisbane in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Dave Mcinnerney inspects the damage to their motel after Cyclone Debbie at Shute Harbour in the township of Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
A plane that was flipped by strong winds from Cyclone Debbie is seen at the airport in the town of Bowen, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville, March 29, 2017. AAP/Sarah Motherwell/via REUTERS
A local resident walks past a yacht that was washed ashore after Cyclone Debbie hit the northern Queensland town of Airlie Beach, located south of Townsville in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Local resident Bradley Mitchell inspects the damage to a relative's boat after it smashed against the bank after Cyclone Debbie passed through the township of Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Local residents walk along the damaged foreshore after Cyclone Debbie hit the northern Queensland town of Airlie Beach, located south of Townsville in Australia, March 29, 2017. Jan Clifford/Handout via REUTERS
A local resident wades into flood waters blocking the road between the townships of Airlie Beach and Proserpine after Cyclone Debbie hit the area in northern Queensland, located south of Townsville in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
A yacht lies beside a road after Cyclone Debbie hit the northern Queensland town of Airlie Beach, located south of Townsville in Australia, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Damaged buildings can be seen after Cyclone Debbie hit the resort on Hamilton Island, located off the east coast of Queensland in Australia March 29, 2017. Jon Clements/Handout via REUTERS
Damaged buildings can be seen after Cyclone Debbie hit the resort on Hamilton Island, located off the east coast of Queensland in Australia March 29, 2017. Jon Clements/Handout via REUTERS
A damaged building is seen behind a boat that was pushed onto a bank due to Cyclone Debbie in the township of Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville, March 29, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Cyclone Debbie wrought widespread but moderate damage in Australia's northeast, authorities said on Wednesday, as flooding rain and fallen trees slowed troops and emergency workers reaching the worst-hit areas.
No deaths were reported a day after Debbie smashed tourist resorts, flattened canefields and shut down coal mines in tropical Queensland state as a category four storm, one rung below the most dangerous wind speed level.
"It's looking promising in terms of being able to rebuild promptly with most of the major infrastructure intact," Queensland state police deputy commissioner Steve Gollschewski told Australian Broadcasting Corporation television.
"We're still struggling to get in there, however," they said, adding planes and boats were being used to bring army personnel and emergency workers to places cut-off by road.
And as poor weather persisted and several Bowen Basin collieries stayed shut, analysts said Debbie could push coking coal prices higher - while tourism operators, even in unaffected regions, reported canceled bookings.
Resorts along the world-famous Great Barrier Reef and coastal areas bore the brunt of the storm with wind gusts stronger than 260 kph (160 mph).
One family near Airlie Beach, over which the eye of the storm passed, had a particularly dramatic night. Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said the family welcomed a baby girl who was born inside the Whitsunday Ambulance Station as the storm raged outside.
Pictures from Hamilton Island and Airlie Beach showed streets stacked with snapped trees, roof tiles and furniture, with wrecked yachts washed ashore.
"Nature has flung their worst at the people of Queensland," Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters at the Crisis Coordination Centre in Canberra.
Electricity was cut for more than 63,000 people, and Wilmar said its sugar mills were stilled at Proserpine and Sarina.
Hundreds of hectares of sugarcane crops had been flattened, Dan Galligan, chief executive of industry body Canegrowers, said in a statement.
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single-largest source of coal used to make steel, BHP Billiton, Glencore, and Stanmore Coal all said work at mines there was halted until further notice.
But Glencore added its Collinsville and Newlands mines were not damaged and it anticipated production would resume within 48 hours, with no impact on annual targets. Prices lifted, but other factors also contributed.
Ports operator North Queensland Bulk Ports Corporation also said it had no reports of significant damage.
Whitsunday Islands resorts were battered, running short on fresh water and closed to bookings until at least next week, but mostly intact.
Hoteliers hundreds of kilometers away at Cairns and Rockhampton were seeing cancellations for upcoming Easter holidays and operators worried that bad press would prolong the recovery, Queensland Tourism Industry Council chief executive Daniel Gschwind said.
"These are places that are entirely unaffected by these circumstances and that's the kind of collateral damage we suffer sometimes in our industry," they said.
Townsville Airport reopened, although airlines Qantas and Virgin said flights to Hamilton Island, Proserpine and Mackay were canceled.
Only two injuries were reported, police said.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Writing by Jane Wardell; Editing by Toni Reinhold, Paul Tait and Michael Perry)
WARRIORS 111, TRAIL BLAZERS 104
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Kevin Durant had 28 points, nine rebounds, five assists and three blocked shots, leading short-handed Golden State to the victory.
Golden State played without two-time MVP Stephen Curry, who is nursing a sprained right ankle and missed their third straight game. Draymond Green sat out with a sore right shoulder while starting centre Zaza Pachulia was sidelined for their second game in a row because of soreness in their left shoulder.
Damian Lillard scored a season-high 39 points for Portland, which has lost five in a row.
CLIPPERS 96, RAPTORS 91
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Montrezl Harrell scored 17 points, and the Clippers snapped the Raptors' six-game winning streak.
DeAndre Jordan had 14 points and 17 rebounds for the Clippers. Their backups outscored Toronto's reserves 50-17, led by Harrell and Lou Williams, who also had 17 points.
Milos Teodosic scored 12 points in their return after missing 22 games with a left foot injury. Their 3-pointer with 40 seconds left extended the Clippers' lead to 91-87.
Jonas Valanciunas had 23 points and 15 rebounds, and Serge Ibaka added 17 points for the Raptors, who led by 13 points in the first half.
HORNETS 116, THUNDER 103
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Dwight Howard scored 23 points, leading Charlotte to the road win.
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets, who had lost seven of eight. Marvin Williams scored 18, and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points.
It was Charlotte's second road win of the season in 12 tries.
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion.
Charlotte shot 53 per cent from the field against one of the league's best defensive teams. The Bobcats made 13 of 25 3-point attempts.
HEAT 107, GRIZZLIES 82
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Goran Dragic scored 19 points, leading the balanced Heat to the victory.
Miami shot 56.1 per cent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win. Josh Richardson had 17 points, and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece.
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games. Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16.
By The Associated Press
THE serial cheat chucked out of an Australia Day ultra-marathon event for cutting out dozens of kilometres of the course, also has a chequered history at home in Britain and in the US it has emerged — including convictions for operating as a landlord without a licence.
Mark Robson has been told they are not welcome at local charity fun runs, after more dishonest behaviour behind the bib came to light this week.
Mr Robson, 46, was exposed after the ultra-marathon organisers caught them failing to complete large parts of the Australind course, before crossing the line to claim a medal.
They were thrown out of the race in disgrace.
The former advertising sales executive had been banned by Australia's triathlon authorities over similar allegations when they competed in the prestigious Busselton ironman event in 2013.
It has emerged that starting lines are not the only thing Mr Robson has run away from in recent years.
In 2012, Mr Robson was convicted of renting a flat in their native Gateshead, in the north east of England, without a licence.
The flat, in the suburb of Chopwell, was in an area where a landlord licensing scheme operated, meaning it was a criminal offence to operate a privately rented property without a licence.
All the rent, of £5,219 ($9290), was to be repaid.
It was the second such conviction for Mr Robson, who according to local media reports, had not acted after local council officials encouraged them to register for a licence.
Mr Robson has failed to respond to repeated questions about their ban by two major amateur sporting organisations.
There are also questions about their performance in an ultra-endurance race in Florida in 2016.
Authorities there are chasing Mr Robson for defaulted payments on a time-share apartment in the Westgate Vacation Villas complex just outside Orlando.
It emerged yesterday Mr Robson will still be permitted to compete in this year's Rottnest Swim.
But not in the HBF Run for a Reason, whose organisers have told Mr Robson they were not welcome at the event after issues surrounding their run in 2016.
It is understood Mr Robson ran in the half-marathon under another competitor's name, who had only paid an entry fee for the 12km race.
FILE PHOTO: Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama arrives to attend a press conference after delivering teachings at Yiga Choezin, in Tawang, in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
BEIJING China on Wednesday denounced in the strongest terms yet a visit by the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to a disputed stretch on the China-India border, saying they had provoked China by supporting India's claim to the region.
The Dalai Lama's week-long trip to Arunachal Pradesh state, an eastern Himalayan region administered by India but claimed by China as "southern Tibet", has infuriated China, where the Nobel Peace laureate is considered a dangerous separatist.
Indian officials have dismissed China's criticism of the Dalai Lama's second visit to Arunachal Pradesh in eight years, saying they are a spiritual leader who has a devoted following in the region.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said India had "indulged the 14th Dalai Lama and certain India officials to express political theories that provoke China".
"The 14th Dalai Lama has long ago gone past the scope of a religious visit as claimed by India," Lu said, speaking during a regular briefing in Beijing.
Chinese troops marched into Tibet and took control in 1950 in what Beijing calls a "peaceful liberation". Troops crushed an uprising against Chinese rule in 1959, when the Dalai Lama fled into exile in India.
In remarks bound to anger China, the Indian chief minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu, told Reuters on April 5 that they regarded the land on the other side of the border as Tibet, not China.
"As far as the boundary issue is concerned, I have also maintained that we don't share our boundary with China, but we share our boundary with Tibet," Khandu said.
Lu said the Dalai Lama supported that stand.
“The Dalai clique already fully stands with the position of foreigners. Their display cannot in the slightest impact China's position on the border and Tibet,” Lu said.
"China has already made stern representations to India, and will take further measures to protect China's territorial sovereignty and national security," they added, without elaborating.
The Dalai Lama denies espousing violence and says they only wants genuine autonomy for Tibet.
The monk said on Saturday the institution of the Dalai Lama, the top reincarnated leader of the Tibetan Buddhist faith, should continue after their death. They were spoken during their stay in the remote hill town of Tawang, near the border.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAHAM, Wash. -- Two teenage girls have confessed and are in tears after a Washington man nearly crashed their motorcycle after they drove through fishing line tied across a road.
"They told deputies they were trying a trick to suspend a teddy bear in the air so cars would drive under it and see it floating in the air. When the motorcyclist hit it, they took off," said Pierce County Sheriff's Det. Ed Troyer.
Alex Teston says they received a minor cut to their neck after driving in Graham southeast of Tacoma on Friday night.
Teston says the line over the road jerked them back on their motorcycle but they were able to maintain control. They later discovered a horizontal cut on their neck where the line connected.
“If I hadn't gripped my handlebars as tight as I was, I would have fallen off my bike and crashed,” said Teston. “I'm just sitting in the upright position and all of a sudden I feel a ridiculous amount of pressure on my throat. It was very thin, just like the line you see on my neck, and it just throws me back."
The Pierce County Sheriff's Department says investigators found the line that may have been tied from a utility pole to tree across the road.
The 15-year-olds are cooperative and were not arrested. Deputies will forward the report to the Pierce County Prosecutor's Office which will determine whether any charges are filed.
May 3 Pfizer Inc
* Pfizer announces U.S. FDA filing acceptance of supplemental new drug application for Xeljanz (tofacitinib citrate) for the treatment of adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis
* FDA has provided an anticipated prescription drug user fee act (PDUFA) action date in December 2017 for SNDAS
* Both studies met primary endpoints showing statistically significant improvement with Xeljanz 5 mg,10 mg bid compared to placebo treatment
* A separate SNDA was also accepted for Xeljanz XR extended release 11 mg once daily use in PSA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Cowichan District Hospital Foundation has pledged one million dollars towards the capital campaign for a new hospice facility in the Valley.
Alison Taylor, executive chair of the Foundation says the lack of space for hospice care has only contributed to the overcrowding in the Cowichan District Hospital…..
Taylor says the new hospice building, which will be constructed adjacent to Cairnsmore Place, will accommodate 10 end-of-life beds that are critical to providing palliative patients with the privacy and dignity that they deserve….
The facility will cost around 8 million dollars to construct and the Cowichan Valley Regional Hospital District has pledged to pay 60 per cent of the cost, up to 5 point 2 million dollars.
[India], June 15 (ANI): With liquor baron Vijay Mallya openly taunting Indian authorities saying, "you can keep dreaming about a billion pounds", the Congress Party on Thursday alleged that they were aided by Government officials in fleeing the country.
"Our chowkidaars were sleeping while Vijay Mallya took Rs. 9,000 crores and fled the country. Even now they are taunting the Indian agencies from London saying keep dreaming. Surely they have been aided by Government officials," Congress leader Shakeel Ahmed told ANI.
Meanwhile, questioning the legal significance of the Enforcement Directorate filing a charge sheet in Mallya's absence, senior advocate KTS Tulsi said there is no confirmation on when the accused will return to India, adding that these occurrences signify 'crying over spilt milk.'
"Charge sheet filed in the absence of the accused means little. Mallya is not coming anytime soon. The London court will hear the matter only in December. There is no idea when the documents will be sent for scrutiny. The more important question that needs to be addressed is who facilitated Mallya's exit in the first place. All this is crying over spilt milk," they argued.
On Wednesday, the ED filed a charge sheet against the absconding entrepreneur in a Mumbai court, sources said.
On Tuesday, a London court had granted Mallya bail and scheduled July 6 as the next date of hearing of the extradition case filed against him.
After coming out of the court on Tuesday, an embattled Mallya said "You can keep dreaming about the billion pounds, but there's no proof."
"Do you have the facts? You cannot prove anything without facts," they added.
When asked how they felt when they were booed at and called a thief during a match between India and South Africa, Mallya said:" I was not called a thief that day by crowd at Oval ground. Two drunk people were shouting, but several others came and wished me well".
Speaking to media before their extradition hearing, Mallya had said, "I deny all allegations, I have enough evidence to prove my case in court."
Britain's Crown Prosecution Service argued the extradition case on India's behalf. A joint CBI-ED team went to London last month with documents to bolster the Crown's case.
Mallya owes as much as Rs. 9,000 crore to Indian banks. They were declared arrested in absentia on April 18 after India made a formal extradition request for them on February 8.
The 61-year-old chief of the now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines fled India on March 2 last year, has been living in Britain, mostly, since then. (ANI)
White supremacist groups have targeted college campuses in surging numbers since President Donald Trump's election, emboldened by political and racial tensions over immigration and other issues, according to a group that monitors extremism and bigotry.
The Anti-Defamation League issued a report Thursday that said racist fliers, banners and stickers were found on college campuses 147 times in fall 2017, a more than threefold increase over the 41 cases reported one year before.
Leaders of the New York-based nonprofit attribute the uptick to a small number of white nationalist groups seeking to recruit members on college campuses that have ramped up their efforts as the nation's politics grow increasingly polarized.
FILE - In this Aug. 18, 2017 file photo, first year students tour the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Va., a week after a white nationalist rally took place on campus. A group that monitors extremism in the U.S. says white supremacists brought their messages to college campuses in a surging number of cases last school year. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
“Whatever momentum white supremacists felt they had last fall, they certainly are redoubling their efforts,” Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, said in an interview.
The league tracked 333 cases since Donald Trump was elected in November 2016. Since then, it has seen increased activity from groups celebrating what Segal called “the divisiveness that was a hallmark of the presidential campaign.”
Dozens of U.S. college campuses have been confronted by far-right groups brandishing racist views over the last year, including an August 2017 rally that drew hundreds of torch-carrying white supremacists to the University of Virginia. Protests there turned deadly the next day, when a car plowed into a crowd of counterprotesters and killed a 32-year-old woman.
Trump drew criticism from Democrats and Republicans in Congress after they insisted that there was “blame on both sides.”
Other rallies followed, including a November demonstration at the University of Texas at Austin led by 25 masked members of a white supremacist group, including some carrying torches and Texas flags.
“What we're dealing with on college and university campuses is a reflection of the times. It's regrettable, it's unfortunate, but that's where we are in 2018,” said Terry Hartle, a senior vice president at the American Council on Education, which represents chiefs of nearly 1,800 schools.
Although rallies and speeches have drawn the public's attention, most of the cases tracked by the Anti-Defamation League are quieter efforts from groups that secretly distribute fliers on campus and then leave before they're found.
Nearly half of the 346 cases tracked since September 2016, for example, have been blamed on the white supremacist group Identity Evropa, whose fliers with messages such as “Protect Your Heritage” have been discovered at universities from New Jersey to California.
In the past month alone, racist fliers have been found at the University of South Carolina and the University of Vermont, and anti-immigration fliers tied to a neo-Nazi group were found at American University in Washington, D.C.
Colleges in Texas have been targeted most frequently, according to the new report, with 61 cases since September 2016. California followed with 43 cases, while Pennsylvania had 18 and Florida had 17.
Schools have responded in a variety of ways. Some sharply condemn hate speech on campus, while others ignore it to avoid drawing attention to white supremacists. It's often a fine line for colleges that aim to balance free speech with the safety of their students.
Many schools have grappled with whether to allow white nationalist speaker Richard Spencer to speak on campus, including some that now face free-speech lawsuits from their supporters for turning them away.
“Institutions have to contend with legal requirements, practical considerations and moral obligations, and they will respond differently depending on the incident,” Hartle said.
At the University of California, San Diego, for example, members of Identity Evropa reportedly interrupted an ethnic studies class and harassed students on Jan. 11, the report said. The leader of Identity Evropa, Patrick Casey, did not respond to emails requesting comment.
Segal, of the Anti-Defamation League, says numbers are higher in Texas and California because those states house active members from white supremacist groups. They said the numbers don't necessarily reflect higher numbers of white supremacists at schools in those states.
A total of 212 schools have been targeted since fall 2016, ranging from top Ivy League universities to small community colleges, the report found. Segal says white supremacists typically target schools where they're likely to stir a strong reaction.
“They very much rely on the surrounding media attention,” they said. “But I think they also hope to reach younger people who might be disaffected, who might be attracted to their message and swell their ranks and secure their future.”
Follow Collin Binkley on Twitter at @cbinkley
April 12 Advanced Information Technology Pcl
* Board has resolved to approve the investment in a campana company
* Co will invest in campana company for 8.04 percent of the registered share of 352,648 shares representing us$2.45 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A Border Patrol K9 agent in southwestern Arizona discovered 30 pounds of methamphetamine and other drugs at an inland border checkpoint.
The agents assigned to the Yuma Sector observed a Dodge pickup truck approach the Interstate 8 inland border checkpoint located east of Yuma, Arizona. During a cursory check of the truck, a K9 agent alerted to the possible presence of drugs, according to information provided to Breitbart Texas by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) spokesperson Justin Kallinger.
The agents conducted a secondary inspection on the truck. The inspection led to the discovery of drugs hidden inside a spare tire, officials stated. Agents also found drugs hidden under the truck's seats.
The agents found 3 pounds of heroin, 2 pounds of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), and 30 pounds of methamphetamine.
The agents arrested the driver of the Dodge pickup truck and identified them as a U.S. citizen. They did not disclose the driver's identity in the official statement. Officials seized the truck and the drugs, estimated to be worth $327,000 in street value.
The suspect will be turned over to another federal law enforcement agency for possible prosecution under drug trafficking laws.
This area is well known for drug trafficking and human smuggling. In March, Breitbart Texas reported on a serious crash that occurred after human smugglers attempted to flee Border Patrol agents. Border Patrol agents attempted to stop a vehicle on Highway 78, near State Road 2. The driver refused to yield and led the agents on a high-speed chase. While attempting to evade arrest, the suspect lost control of their vehicle and rolled over. The driver received serious head trauma and torso injuries. Their “human cargo” received minor injuries.
Yuma Sector Border Patrol agents effectively combat smuggling organizations attempting to illegally transport people and contraband through southwestern Arizona and California, Kallinger stated. Citizens can help the Border Patrol and U.S. Customs and Border Protection by calling 1-866-999-8727 toll-free to report suspicious activity. Callers can remain anonymous.
MENDOZA, Argentina — Argentina was forced into a late change for its Rugby Championship closer against Australia when midfield regular Jeronimo de la Fuente failed a fitness test on Friday, a day after hurting their left leg in training.
De La Fuente, who has started in every Pumas test this year, was replaced by backup Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, who will on Saturday make their first start in almost a year.
Three-time Rugby World Cup back Juan Martin Hernandez came into the reserves for a match in which the Pumas are out to redeem themselves.
They are at risk of failing to earn a competition point for the first time since joining the competition in 2012.
The Pumas enjoyed one win in 2014, '15 and '16, against either Australia or South Africa, but have regressed this year with five heavy losses, none of them earning even a losing bonus point for being within seven points of the victor.
The Pumas pack has imposed itself only briefly, and the scrum was ruined last week by the All Blacks. The backline hasn't sparkled or threatened. And poor discipline has hurt them, highlighted by five yellow cards and one red.
Flanker Pablo Matera insists the Pumas have the right game plan.
"We are failing to carry out the game plan," Matera says. "The system is not failing, it is us players who are failing."
They add the team is more angry than disappointed with its results and how it is playing.
The nature of the competition means the Pumas don't have time to be frustrated, they add, but they also don't have time to fix all of their mistakes.
École Élémentaire Michaëlle Jean in Binbrook had lead levels more than double the threshold while Queensdale Elementary School on the central Mountain failed a test after the system had been flushed.
Standing samples are more likely to show lead because they are taken when the plumbing hasn't been used for at least six hours.
A flushed sample is after the water has run for at least five minutes and then left unused for about half an hour.
"Obviously we take the health and safety of our students very seriously," said Stacey Zucker, associate director of support services at the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. "We make sure we follow up and we follow the regulations."
They say the issue has been dealt with at both schools.
One Hamilton daycare is using bottled water at one of its locations after standing- and flushed-water tests showed excessive lead concentrations. Today's Family Early Learning and Child Care is using a filter at its Delta Adventure Camp site to wash toys and fruit. Kids don't drink the tap water at the camp, which is located at Delta United Church at 47 Ottawa St. S.
"We're completely on top of it," CEO Marni Flaherty said. "There are recommendations and we follow them."
Over the last two years, more than 640 schools and daycares provincewide were found to have too much lead in their drinking water during annual tests required by the 2007 provincial legislation.
It's significant because lead is a toxic metal that particularly affects fetuses and young children. Even low levels of exposure can result in issues with intellectual development.
The number of failed tests is only expected to get worse as new rules about how samples are collected started coming into force in July.
— With files from the Toronto Star
jfrketich@thespec.com
905-526-3349 | @Jfrketich
Lead PHP Developer
Have you ever wanted to work for an online fashion company? We have collaborated with South Africa's leading online retailers to find a Lead PHP Developer. The ideal candidate will be part of a vibrant, multi-talented group of strategists, coders, marketers and designers. Develop your skills in this leadership position, we would like for you to apply! Qualification:Relevant Tertiary Degree (preferable) Skills & Experience: Minimum 4 years' experienceHTML5, CSS, Sass, jQueryPHPUnitREST, JSON, SOAPUbuntu, Mac OS X, Nginx, MySQL, Memcache, Solr / ElasticsearchGitGood understanding of Clean Code practices7 years' experience in Development with PHP5 OOP (Zend Framework experience is a plus, Yii, MVC, Symfony, Laravel and CakePHP are also valued)Experience with MySQL Job Description:As a Senior PHP Developer you will design and develop complex web applications and modules for the eCommerce platform. Furthermore you will optimize the platform for scalability during peak traffic hours. Adhering to agile SW Development methodologies you will also ensure code quality and enforce best practices by communicating and sharing them with team members. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ROBIN CHRISTIAN on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027269.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Diversity leaders are calling on Starbucks to undergo a “racial equity overhaul,” following the company's anti-bias training initiative in May.
In a report authored by Heather McGhee, president of progressive think tank Demo, and NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund's Sherrilyn Ifill, the two diversity advisers say the coffee giant should introduce civil rights audits and increase racial sensitivity training for its executives.
Ifill said following the report's release:
Our report lays the groundwork for Starbucks to review and strengthen its existing policies to prioritize racial equity and the dignity of all customers. We hope companies across industry will use our recommendations as a blueprint for transforming their anti-bias and inclusion practices, and that they will engage people inside and out of their corporations to ensure everyone can enjoy their services free from fear of discrimination.
Starbucks should appoint an “independent racial equity consultant,” to oversee the implementation of the report's recommendations, while increasing participation in community outreach programs, say Ifill and McGhee.
The report includes feedback from Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson, the two men police arrested on April 12.
@Starbucks The police were called because these men hadn't ordered anything. They were waiting for a friend to show up, who did as they were taken out in handcuffs for doing nothing. All the other white ppl are wondering why it's never happened to us when we do the same thing. pic.twitter.com/0U4Pzs55Ci — Melissa DePino (@missydepino) April 12, 2018
As Breitbart News reported, the arrest prompted a social media backlash with Twitter users urging people to #BoycottStarbucks.
.@Starbucks, whoever called the police in this instance needs to be fired. Same for any manager who failed to intervene. I am a very regular (and vocal!) customer, but if you don't take robust action to address this racist incident I will have to drop my Starbucks habit. https://t.co/kmIlKysuvu — Christopher Stroop (@C_Stroop) April 14, 2018
The extremely jacked up part is how calm these two brothers are as they're walking out in handcuffs for doing *exactly nothing* because they already know their totally righteous anger could end on their death. This is tired. Racism is tired. What say you, @starbucks?!! — Brittany Packnett (@MsPackyetti) April 13, 2018
Vivek Varma, Starbucks executive vice president of public affairs, praised the report and said the company is in the process of implementing some of the report's findings.
“We want to thank the advisors and all of the people who offered their counsel, recommendations and advice,” Varma said in a statement. “We're listening and reflecting. We're open minded and have more to do.”
Starbucks temporarily closed 8,000 of its stores on May 29 to provide anti-bias training to its baristas in response to the arrests.
Two cosmonauts, Sergey Ryazansky and Fyodor Yurchikhin, launched five nano-satellites from the International Space Station in the first ever spacewalk to be recorded in 360 degrees. The video three and a half minutes of a seven and a half hour long spacewalk in August.
The Verge explains that the satellites will be taking measurements of Earth:
The two men can be seen working and at some points, throwing the satellites, including two Tanyusha nano-satellites and a Sputnik-like satellite called the TS530-Zerkalo, which is taking measurements in low Earth orbit.
[The Verge]
While the cheesy awe-manipulating music might be a little much, overall the video is pretty awesome.
April 6 Assured Guaranty Ltd -
* Assured Guaranty comments on modification of PREPA restructuring support agreement
* Believe oversight board should "promptly facilitate title VI execution under promesa of modified RSA"
* Similar to previous version of RSA, Assured Guaranty will extend maturity on relending bonds purchased in 2016
* Similar to previous version of RSA, Assured Guaranty will commit to purchase $18 million of relending bonds in July 2017
* Similar to previous version of RSA, Assured Guaranty will provide $120 million of principal payment deferrals in 2018 through 2023 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Oil rig pumpjacks, also known as thirsty birds, extract crude from the Wilmington Field oil deposits area where Tidelands Oil Production Company operates near Long Beach, California July 30, 2013. REUTERS/David McNew
HOUSTON A small group of U.S. oil producers has been trying to exploit advances in DNA science to wring more crude from shale rock, as the domestic energy industry keeps pushing relentlessly to cut costs and compete with the world's top exporters.
Shale producers have slashed production costs as much as 50 percent over two years, waging a price war with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Now, U.S. shale producers can compete in a $50-per-barrel oil CLc1 market, and about a dozen shale companies are seeking to cut costs further by analysing DNA samples extracted from oil wells to identify promising spots to drill.
The technique involves testing DNA extracts from microbes found in rock samples and comparing them to DNA extracted from oil. Similarities or differences can pinpoint areas with the biggest potential. The process can help cut the time needed to begin pumping, shaving production costs as much as 10 percent, said Ajay Kshatriya, chief executive and co-founder of Biota Technology, the company that developed this application of DNA science for use in oilfields.
The information can help drillers avoid missteps that prevent maximum production, such as applying insufficient pressure to reach oil trapped in rocks, or drilling wells too closely together, Kshatriya said.
"This is a whole new way of measuring these wells and, by extension, sucking out more oil for less," they said.
Biota's customers include Statoil ASA (STL.OL), EP Energy Corp (EPE.N) and more than a dozen other oil producers. Kshatriya would not detail Biota's cost, but said it amounts to less than 1 percent of the total cost to bring a well online.
A shale well can cost between $4 million and $8 million, depending on geology and other factors.
Independent petroleum engineers and chemists said Biota's process holds promise if the company can collect enough DNA samples along the length of a well so results are not skewed.
"I don't doubt that with enough information (Biota) could find a signature, a DNA fingerprint, of microbial genomes that can substantially improve the accuracy and speed of a number of diagnostic applications in the oil industry," said Preethi Gunaratne, a professor of biology and chemistry at the University of Houston.
Biota has applied its technology to about 80 wells across U.S. shale basins, including North Dakota's Bakken, and the Permian and Eagle Ford in Texas, Kshatriya said. That is a tiny slice of the more than 300,000 shale wells across the nation.
EP Energy, one of Biota's first customers, insisted on a blind test last year to gauge the technique's effectiveness, asking Biota to determine the origin of an oil sample from among dozens of wells in a 1,000-square foot zone.
Biota was able to find the wells from which the oil was taken and to recommend improvements for wells drilled in the same region, said Peter Lascelles, an EP Energy geologist.
"If you've been in the oilfield long enough, you've seen a lot of snake oil," said Lascelles, using slang for products or services that do not perform as advertised.
Lascelles said DNA testing helps EP Energy understand well performance better than existing oil field surveys such as seismic and chemical analysis. The testing gives insight into what happens underground when rock is fractured with high pressure mixtures of sand and water to release trapped oil.
Biota's process is just the latest technology pioneered to coax more oil from rock. Other techniques include microseismic studies, which examine how liquid moves in a reservoir, and tracers, which use some DNA elements to study fluid movement.
Venture capitalist George Coyle said their fund Energy Innovation Capital had invested in Biota because it expected the technique to yield big improvements in drilling efficiency. They declined to say how much the fund had invested.
"The correlations they're going to be able to find to improve a well, we think, are going to be big," they said.
For a graphic on 'DNA sequencing in the oil industry', click - here
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Gary McWilliams, Simon Webb and David Gregorio)
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Rickie Fowler birdied the last three holes in front of the largest crowd in golf history Saturday to take the lead in the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
Fowler shot a 4-under 67 to reach 14 under with a round left at TPC Scottsdale's Stadium Course, the layout packed with an estimated 216,818 fans on an 80-degree afternoon. The crowd pushed the week total to 654,906, just short of the record of 655,434 set last year.
Former Arizona State players Jon Rahm and Chez Reavie were a stroke back along with Bryson DeChambeau. Phil Mickelson, another former Sun Devils star, was two shots behind.
Justin Thomas birdied the first six holes, then had to fight to shoot even par after a back-nine meltdown. They had a bogey-triple bogey-double bogey stretch that left them eight strokes back.
‘Deep learning' added to anti-exploit solution
The latest iteration of Intercept X, the next generation anti-exploit software developed by the UK-based Sophos Group, features additional defences against scammers, hackers and damaging ‘zero-day' attacks.
“Intercept X has introduced the concepts of ‘deep learning” and predictive protection which represent the future of IT security,” says Ross Anderson, a product development manager at local Sophos distributor Duxbury Networking.
“With these additional weapons against miscreants, Intercept X replaces traditional signature detection with the latest evolutions of machine learning along with behavioural analytics to firmly secure corporate networking endpoints.
“Deep-learning software mimics the activity in layers of neurons in the neocortex of the human brain where thinking occurs,” they explain. “Intercept X is now enabled to learn, in a very real sense, to recognise patterns in digital representations of sounds, images and other data. This results in a higher accuracy rate for the detection and remediation of both existing and zero-day malware which exploit previously unknown security vulnerabilities.”
Anderson says a key benefit for network managers and operators intent on ramping up endpoint security is Intercept X's ability to deliver “predictive protection” as a defence.
“Predictive protection is one of the aspects of artificial intelligence which Intercept X takes to the next level by introducing an artificial ‘neural network' capable of optimising the software's behavioural analytics functions.”
Anderson says Intercept X includes a scalable “recognition model” that is intelligent enough to learn the entire noticeable threat landscape. Ransomware and malicious network attacks are thus identified immediately and stopped before they take can advantage of a network's vulnerabilities.
“Intercept X denies attackers by blocking the exploits and techniques used to distribute malware, steal credentials and escape detection. At the same time the software's detection and response technologies provide details of the attack dynamics and recommend follow-up action,” they add.
Deployed through the cloud-based management platform, Sophos Central, Intercept X can be installed alongside existing endpoint security software from any vendor, immediately boosting endpoint protection.
In addition to deep learning, Intercept X also features Malicious Traffic Detection (MTD), Active Adversary Mitigations (AAM), Automated Malware Removal (AMR), Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Disk and Boot Record Protection (WipeGuard) and Ransomware File Protection (CryptoGuard). Sophos Clean, a malware cleaner, provides forensic-level remediation by eradicating malicious code and eliminating registry key changes created by malware.
REYNOLDSBURG, Ohio (Jan. 10, 2018) – In 2017, the Ohio Department of Agriculture recognized 125 new century, sesquicentennial or bicentennial farms owned by the same family for at least 100, 150 or 200 consecutive years. Nearly 1,500 farms are now registered across the state in the Ohio Historic Family Farms program.
Each family received a certificate signed by Governor John R. Kasich and Ohio Department of Agriculture Director David T. Daniels to keep with their historic documents and pass down to future generations.
“Our historic family farms are an important link to Ohio's great agricultural history and promising future,” said Director Daniels. “It's an honor every time we are able to recognize Ohioans who take such great pride in their own agricultural heritage.”
Ohio Historic Family Farms is a voluntary recognition program administered by the Ohio Department of Agriculture. Century farms have been recognized since 1993, with the bicentennial farm designation added in 2013, and the sesquicentennial farm designation in 2016.
The attached list of families registered their farms in 2017. A complete list of Ohio's century, sesquicentennial and bicentennial farms is available here.
Anyone who can verify that a currently owned farm has remained in their family for at least 100 years may register. For more information, visit agri.ohio.gov/divs/cent_farms, or contact Erin Dillon at 614-752-9817 or centuryfarms@agri.ohio.gov.
Below is a list of farms that joined the program in 2017.
Allen County: Hellman, 1897.
Athens County: Enlow, 1917; Lochary-Garguillo, 1816; Stone, 1917.
Auglaize County: Bruns, 1862; Engel, 1894; Topp, 1849; Tostrick, 1849.
Champaign County: Pence, 1909; Shafer, 1865.
Clark County: Ark, 1912; Hemphill Caldwell, 1838; Weber, 1811.
Clinton County: Howland, 1858.
Columbiana County: Bardo, 1917.
Coshocton County: Honabarger, 1862.
Crawford County: Crall-Lohr, 1880; Schimpf, 1888.
Darke County: Barga, 1917; Bergman, 1902; Coppess, 1883; Oliver, 1909; Oswalt, 1873; Sullenbarger, 1917.
Defiance County: Brunner-Crites, 1878; Sims, 1898.
Delaware County: Hughes, 1893; Thompson, 1893.
Fairfield County: Bader, 1904; Bope, 1891.
Fayette County: Jenks, 1848; McGarraugh, 1900; Newell, 1845.
Fulton County: Ernst, 1917.
Geauga County: Ratzenberger, 1915.
Greene County: Jenks, 1857.
Guernsey County: Caldwell, Combs, 1912.
Hancock County: Glick, 1858; Knight Schaller, 1912; Marshall, 1852; Robinson, 1844; Von Stein, 1916.
Henry County: Guyer, 1902; Panning, 1917; Shawber, 1897.
Highland County: Abell, 1832; Roush, 1869; Shaffer, 1896.
Huron County: Phillips, 1916.
Jefferson County: Mercer, 1915.
Knox County: Barber, 1905; Buxton, 1909.
Licking County: Bruce, 1855.
Logan County: Borchers, 1844; LeVan, 1917; Painter, 1867.
Lucas County: Fox, 1914.
Mahoning County: Spencer, 1896.
Marion County: Hastings, 1898; Lill, 1862.
Mercer County: Everman, 1837; Gelhaus, 1863; Giere, 1897; Lennartz, 1884; Moeller, 1859; Schulte, 1913; Smith, Olberding, 1854.
Muskingum County: Bunting, 1909; McCutcheon, 1891.
Ottawa County: Blausey, 1917; Lenz, 1867; Lenz, 1873; Lenz, 1906; Lentz, 1873; Lickert, 1908; Sass, 1858; Sass, 1903.
Pickaway County: Beougher, 1917; Cornwell, 1896; Leist, 1888.
Pike County: Brewster, 1895.
Preble County: Caudill, 1856; Eyler, 1826; Eyler, 1818; Eyler, 1818; Petry, 1864; Ulrich, 1890.
Putnam County: Amstutz, 1848; Bendele, 1860; Carr, 1859; Kaufman, 1862; Knueven, 1870; Liebrecht, 1911; Neill, 1858; Rosengarten, 1903; Schroeder, 1906; Wannemacher, 1912; Wehri, 1911; Wischmeyer, 1915; Zeller, 1899.
Richland County: Hamman, 1841.
Ross County: Beatty, 1883; Peterson, 1813.
Sandusky County: Geyman, 1903; Hirt, 1904; Rathbun, 1876.
Seneca County: Hipsher, 1895; Steinmetz, 1911.
Stark County: Ickes, 1917.
Tuscarawas County: Liggett, 1823.
Union County: Dellinger, 1913; John, 1917.
Van Wert County: Harter, 1914.
Wayne County: Shoup, 1868.
Williams County: Stark, 1917.
Wood County: Abke, 1895; Ayers, 1908; Potter, 1863; Schulte, 1896; Welling, 1901; Zepernick King, 1865.
Wyandot County: Althouse, 1888; Leighty Pahl, 1891; Stief, 1846; Stief, 1900.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_logo_HistoricFarm_500w.jpg
Did you know that one inch of rain on a 1,000-square-foot roof can yield roughly 600 gallons of water?
Rainwater harvesting can capture rainwater and divert it to storage for use in plant irrigation and other home projects, like washing cars. The term “actively harvesting” rainwater means collecting, storing and recycling heaven-sent water that, otherwise, would drain into municipal sewer systems.
It is relatively easy to get started with an active harvesting rainwater system. You just need to purchase or make rain barrels out of a food-grade drum and a hose spigot. The rain barrel needs to be positioned under a roof downspout, so when it rains — collection happens!
Other popular phrases in the gardening vocabulary right here in Yavapai County — and in other regions where rain is not abundant — include drought-tolerant plants, xeriscape, and water-wise gardens. These phrases refer to some of the ways that homeowners can be mindful of the water we extract from our watersheds. If we aren't careful, significant environmental consequences can result from overuse of watersheds.
In recreating a home landscape that conserves water, it's prudent to use plants that are native to our region or from one that is very similar. Many of our readers and new homeowners to the area are from lush regions, where rainfall is more plentiful. And while, initially, it may seem that a drought-tolerant garden limits the garden to a “desert” look, many plants are well adapted to our arid climate, so that almost any garden style can be created, maybe with the exceptions of tropical rain forest but even that look can be created with plants that only take a gentle sip.
We tend to think that the more water we use in our gardens, the better, and with automated sprinkler systems, it is easy to program the timer to provide enough water, so even the thirstiest plants have their appetites quenched. One of the most unexpected lessons I have learned in talking with landscapers is that surprisingly many plants do better with less water. For years, local nurseries have produced drought-tolerant plants that, in the home landscape, have been over-watered to the point that they rotted.
One of the greatest challenges for the plant-buying public in this region is to become knowledgeable about drought-tolerant plants. While they sometimes look rather awful in their containers, many drought-tolerant plants will flourish in Yavapai County's home landscapes. If we wait for these plants to become big and overflowing in their containers, they might not transition well into the landscape. In buying a plant, consider how it will do in your garden, rather than being an impulse shopper, moved mostly by how we feel when we look at the plant.
Keep in mind, too, plants do not fare well with the chloramines and other water-sanitizing chemicals. For that reason, in a choice between using an inch of irrigated water or an inch of rainwater on a home landscape, plants that receive the natural option will be happier and healthier.
To become more knowledgeable on rainwater harvesting and drought–tolerant landscaping, mark your calendar now to attend the free meeting presented by our local Citizens Water Advocacy Group (CWAG), from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday, April 14, at the Granite Peak Unitarian Universalist Congregation building, 882 Sunset Avenue, Prescott.
It's spring! Are you thinking about new landscaping? Are you wondering what to plant and where the water will come from?
Landscape architect T. Barnabas Kane will answer these questions and more at the CWAG workshop.
Using a residential case study, Kane will perform a site analysis to offer a better understanding of local conditions, including describing all potential water sources for home landscaping and how to prioritize water use. They will also discuss active and passive rainwater harvesting. From a supply-and-demand perspective, they will analyze the available water as it relates to the landscape and discuss how to approach net-zero water use, introducing decision-making strategies.
Workshop participants will then design a landscape, specify plants for particular locations and develop a working plant list. Bring your iPads, notepads and your love for the landscape.
That same afternoon, from 3 to 4:30 p.m. at the Prescott Public Library, Kane will offer a second workshop on rainwater harvesting as part of Librarypalooza.
With the City encouraging the newly annexed areas to use less water, we should all do our part to save water.
So bring your questions, come and meet Kane and the CWAG crew and get some valuable information that will increase your awareness of rainwater harvesting and how to use drought-tolerant plants beautifully in your home landscape.
Remember to tune in to YCCA's Hammer Time every Saturday and Sunday morning at 7 on KQNA 1130AM, 99.9FM, 95.5FM or the web kqna.com. Listen to Sandy to Mike talk about the construction industry, meet your local community partners and so much more. What a great way to start your weekend.
Members of the Coptic clergy gather before a mass, ahead of Pope Francis' visit, in Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
CAIRO Pope Francis arrives in Cairo on Friday hoping to mend ties with Islamic religious leaders but their message of peace comes as Egypt's Coptic Christian community faces unprecedented pressure from Islamic State militants who have threatened to wipe it out.
Below are some facts about Egypt's Coptic Christians:
-- The Coptic Orthodox Church is one of oldest in the world. It is the principal Christian church in predominantly Muslim Egypt. Its members are called Coptic Orthodox, distinguishing them from Copts who converted to Catholicism and from the Eastern Orthodox, who are mostly Greek.
-- Head of the Church is Pope Tawadros II, based in Cairo. They claim apostolic authority from St. Mark, author of the second Gospel, who introduced Christianity to Egypt around 42 AD. The Coptic Church is thus nearly 2,000 years old, and predates the 7th century arrival of Islam.
-- Copts comprise about 10 percent of Egypt's population of about 92 million, making them the largest Christian community in the Middle East.
-- The Coptic Orthodox Church has its own primary and secondary schools in many places in Egypt. There is an Institute of Coptic Studies in Cairo, a theological college connected with the institute, and a Coptic museum.
-- The Copts have suffered sectarian attacks for years and more recently have become a target of Islamic State. Three church bombings since December, in Cairo, Tanta and Alexandria, have claimed about 70 lives and have had a traumatic effect on the Coptic minority.
-- As a result of the violence, security for Pope Francis' visit will be extremely tight. A three-month state of emergency has been introduced, troops have been ordered on to the streets and police are deployed around many churches.
-- Coptic Catholics, who number less than 150,000, comprise only a small proportion of Egypt's Christians. Their patriarch is Ibrahim Isaac al-Sidrak.
(Editing by Lin Noueihed and Tom Heneghan)
Alleged revenge-porn violation against former House staffer depends on time crime was committed
Rep. Anthony Kern wants prosecutors to determine if a former legislative staffer violated Arizona law by sharing sexually explicit messages about Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita.
But whether the law was potentially violated depends on when the messages were sent.
Brian Townsend, a former House staffer who last worked as policy director in 2015, told attorneys investigating sexual harassment in the chamber that they shared “unsolicited, sexually explicit communications” in a manner Townsend said was intended to “hurt and humiliate” Ugenti-Rita, to whom they are now engaged.
Kern, R-Glendale, drew attention to Townsend's testimony while voting to expel Rep. Don Shooter, a Yuma Republican who's pattern of sexually harassing behavior was the focus of the investigation.
The report concluded that “credible evidence supports the finding that Mr. Townsend acted alone and without a member of this body's knowledge.”
“I will be drafting a letter to the Attorney General and the Maricopa County Attorney in response to an alleged unwelcome, harassing and offensive communication by a Mr. Brian Townsend,” Kern said.
They later added that Townsend's actions were potentially “unlawful acts, and I want those thoroughly investigated.”
A House spokesperson said Kern is drafting the letters and expects they'll be sent on Monday.
It's a crime to share nude photos of another person without their consent if the intent is to harm, harass or intimidate that person.
But the law declaring that crime a felony was not adopted until 2016. That year, the Legislature passed HB 2001, sponsored by House Speaker J.D. Mesnard, R-Chandler, with an emergency clause, meaning the law went into effect the moment Gov. Doug Ducey signed the bill on March 11, 2016.
Ryan Anderson, a spokesperson for Attorney General Mark Brnovich, said the date the messages were sent and the date the law took effect would be relevant to any law enforcement agency who may follow up on Kern's request.
“We are aware of the allegations in the investigative report concerning the electronic transmission of sexually explicit communications reportedly intended to hurt and humiliate a state lawmaker,” Anderson wrote in an email. “Arizona law is clearly designed to protect victims who have a right to expect privacy. We can't comment further.”
Also at question is whether a prosecutor would pursue charges against Townsend without the consent of Ugenti-Rita.
It's too early to determine if prosecutors have something to act on, said Amanda Jacinto, a spokesperson for Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery. A law enforcement agency with jurisdiction — perhaps the Department of Public Safety — would first have to investigate the allegations.
As for investigators, a victim's participation is helpful, but not necessary.
“As long a're able to establish a crime did happen, you don't need a victim to bring the crime forward to authorities,” Jacinto said.
Attorneys hired for the House investigation were told by multiple third parties, and Shooter, about the explicit messages, and that Ugenti-Rita may have known about them or perhaps participated in sharing the messages. There was no doubt that the “unsolicited, unwelcome, and harassing contact” occurred, according to the report, so it was up to investigators to determine whether Ugenti-Rita was involved.
Ugenti-Rita “unequivocally denied” knowledge of the messages, and based in part on their “genuine surprise and shock,” investigators found their denial credible.
The investigators had previously criticized Townsend as an uncredible witness in their investigation, but found their response when confronted with the allegations consistent and credible. Townsend took “complete ownership for the alleged conduct,” and broke down trembling and crying in front of investigators several times.
“Mr. Townsend immediately became emotional, expressing that they knew the discovery of their actions would be the ‘death knell' in their career and relationship with Ms. Ugenti-Rita,” investigators wrote.
“The independent, credible evidence supports only a finding that Mr. Townsend acted alone and without Ms. Ugenti-Rita's knowledge or participation when committing the egregious and potentially unlawful acts at issue,” investigators later added.
Justin Timberlake has no problem performing the halftime show for the Super Bowl, something he's set to do for the second time in their career. Though, when it comes to allowing their son to play football, the pop singer has a big problem with that.
At a news conference, Timberlake joked that they would be available to play wide receiver for the Patriots on Sunday, should they need him. Timberlake, who has a 2-year old son name Silas, was then asked by a reporter whether they would “support it if [Silas] wanted to run some routes and get in the NFL.”
Timberlake responded: “Uh, they will never play football. No, no.”
Though, perhaps sensing the awkwardness of that response given that they were speaking at a press conference for the Super Bowl, Timberlake explained their reasoning further.
“I mean, yeah, it's kind of like that thing where my main objective is that they become a great person. And if they want to get into the arts or sports, then yeah, I would fully support that. I think I can hopefully offer them some advice on what to do and what not to do, so yeah, but right now we're working on our manners. That's a big deal in our house right now. It's like, one thing at a time.”
As Fox News reports, “Last week, the NFL released a report showing that players suffered more concussions in 2017 than in the previous year. The league noted a ‘rise in self-reporting of symptoms.'
“The report, conducted by a third party, found that in 2017 there were 281 reported concussions compared to 243 the year before, a 13.5 percent increase overall in both preseason and regular season games.”
Timberlake also cleared-up any doubt about who would be joining them on stage for the Super Bowl. Rumors had circulated that Timberlake's former group, N'Sync, might join them on stage. Other rumors suggested that Janet Jackson — Timberlake's partner from the infamous “wardrobe malfunction” episode in 2004 — might make an appearance as well.
However, Timberlake says that only their band, The Tennessee Kids, will be on stage with him.
“We're going to take it seriously that we want everyone to have a ton of fun. That's my main objective with the halftime show,” they said.
A A
WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen pointed Tuesday to a solid U.S. job market and economy and said the Fed will likely resume raising interest rates in the next few months. But with uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals, Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy.
Testifying to a Senate committee, Yellen noted that Fed officials forecast in December that they would raise rates three times in 2017. That would mark an acceleration from 2015 and 2016, when they boosted rates once each year.
“Precisely when we would take an action, whether it is March, or May or June … I can't tell you which meeting it would be,” Yellen said in response to a question. “I would say that every meeting is live.”
Though Yellen didn't rule out a rate hike at the Fed's next meeting in mid-March, most economists and investors think the next one will occur in June.
Until then, the details of Trump's ambitious proposals — for tax cuts for individuals and businesses, greater spending on infrastructure projects, changes to trade deals and a relaxation of regulations — could remain hazy.
“With the uncertainty over fiscal policy likely to last for at least another few months, that means the Fed will probably be on hold until June,” said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics.
Other analysts say they think that while three Fed rate hikes will occur in 2017, all of them may happen in the second half of the year.
In their first congressional appearance since Trump took office, Yellen avoided making critical observations of the president's economic ideas. During the campaign, Trump was at times harshly dismissive of Yellen. At one point, they had declared that they should be “ashamed of herself” for, in their view, keeping rates low to favor Democrats.
In their remarks, Yellen did caution that any economic initiatives that significantly swell long-term budget deficits would likely slow growth. But they offered support for part of Trump's agenda: Their efforts to make it easier for smaller banks to lend, in part by liberating them from some rules imposed by the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul law. They said the Fed has been trying to ease the regulatory burden on community banks and is open to doing more.
Yellen said the Fed's interest rate policies would evolve, in part, from how spending and tax changes enacted by Congress affect economic growth. Right now, they said, “it's too early to know what policy changes will be put in place or how their economic effects will unfold.”
Trump has argued that their economic initiatives can achieve their goal of doubling annual economic growth to 4 percent, up from the tepid 2 percent pace that's prevailed since the Great Recession ended in 2009.
Most economists say 4 percent annual growth is unrealistic given the nation's slow-growing population and weak worker productivity growth.
Recent news:
State Auto beats Street view on fourth quarter profit
Ted Bunker 14 February 2017
State Auto surpassed the fourth quarter profit estimates of Wall Street analysts by posting operating earnings of $0.46 a share even as drag from its auto lines held back its overall performance.
The consensus among analysts predicted $0.33 per share, according to Arash Soleimani of Keefe Bruyette & Woods (KBW) and Larry Greenberg of Janney Montgomery Scott.
State Auto reported operating profit of $19.2mn for the fourth quarter, up from $300,000 in the fourth quarter of 2015.
While its combined...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) – Kansas City police are investigating the shooting death of a utility worker at a job site.
Police say the man was shot Monday morning. They were working at the construction site for a company that contracted with Spire Energy.
The man's name has not been released. Police say the motive is unknown.
The Kansas City Star reports witnesses said the shooter walked up to a group of workers and briefly spoke to them before pulling out a gun and firing several shots and then walking away.
Officers are searching for the suspect.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
2/21
Dawn service at the SA National War Memorial on North Tce: Eileen Dunlop 64, Anthea Boyce 65, Lee Skinner 64, Helga Jongewaard, 66, and Otto Jongewaard, 70, Kay Powlesland, 70, and Virginia Thompson, 71, who all served Royal Australian Navy.
(Repeats column that ran on Tuesday, with no changes)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2mLRatT
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2mLFPtL
By John Kemp
LONDON, March 28 Progress towards oil-market rebalancing and the need for an extension of production cuts by OPEC and non-OPEC countries has become the most contentious issue in the oil market.
"We believe that the rebalancing of the oil market is in fact making progress despite the record high U.S. crude inventories," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a note to clients on Sunday.
Goldman expects oil stocks in the OECD to fall to the five-year average in terms of demand cover by the end of 2017, even if OPEC brings production back online in the second half.
Goldman projects crude prices will move into backwardation and an extension of the cuts would exacerbate the feared shortfall in supplies. ("Data dependent OPEC unwise to let the stock draws run hot", Goldman Sachs, March 26)
The bank says an extension would not be warranted and would ultimately be self-defeating if it pushed prices towards $65 per barrel and caused an even-faster recovery in oil drilling.
Goldman is one of the most influential banks in the oil market and among the hedge-fund community so the view of its respected research team carries considerable weight.
But the bank's confidence in rebalancing during the second half of 2017 without an extension of the production deal puts it in a minority.
Most traders have become much less sure the market will enter a persistent period of undersupply with a sharp reduction in oil inventories.
Brent calendar spreads for the six months between June and December have weakened sharply over the last four weeks (tmsnrt.rs/2mLRatT).
The calendar spread between June and December has shifted from a backwardation of 21 cents on Feb. 21 to a contango of 92 cents on March 27.
Contango is generally associated with a well-supplied market and high and/or increasing stocks, while backwardation is associated with an undersupplied market and low and/or falling stocks.
The calendar spread for the second half of 2017 is now trading at the widest contango since OPEC's deal was announced on Nov. 30.
The weakening of the spreads has not been concentrated in any particular month, with price differentials easing for every month during the second half (tmsnrt.rs/2mLFPtL).
The spreads have become the prime battleground for hedge funds and other traders betting on the timing and speed of oil market rebalancing.
Brent and WTI spreads seem to have attracted heavy interest from some big players in the market at the end of 2016 and the first two months of 2017.
But after a selloff that started after Feb. 21, the current Brent futures price structure is in something of a no-man's land.
Calendar spreads are barely wide enough to finance high levels of stocks through until the end of December but do not point to a fast draw down in stockpiles either.
From recent movements in the futures curve, many oil traders appear to believe the cuts need to be extended, and are unsure if that will happen, or if it will be enough.
If Goldman is right, however, the calendar spread for the second half of 2017 is currently undervalued and should strengthen significantly, so it presents a good buying opportunity.
If Goldman is wrong, and stocks remain high with or without an extension of the agreement, then most of the inter-month spreads are likely to weaken further as they near maturity to enable the stocks to be carried. (Editing by Susan Fenton)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
WASHINGTON, D.C. — President Donald Trump, First Lady Melania Trump and their son Barron greeted participants at the 139th annual White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday as Attorney General Jeff Sessions read a bunny story to a group of children.
Waves of little ones lined up to take their turn at racing their eggs to the finish line with the prodding of their wooden spoons. Hundreds came forward to make their dashes. The festivities went on through the morning despite spurts of rainfall.
Eggs are rollin at the White House rain or shine #EasterEggRoll #WhiteHouseEasterEggRoll pic.twitter.com/wxCjoMUVZ4 — Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) April 17, 2017
President Trump greeted the crowd after some fanfare from the Marine Corps Band and the National Anthem. They thanked all in attendance, saying “We will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before and we are right on track… Thank you, everybody, for coming.”
“We're going to do cards for soldiers. Melania and Barron and myself are going to sign some cards for some great troops… We're going to come out and join you… for a great Easter egg roll,” the president continued. “I've seen those kids and they're highly, highly competitive.”
President Trump thanked the First Lady for their diligent work on the event, “She's been working on this for a long time to make it perfect… I want to congratulate them on this wonderful, wonderful day.”
First Lady Melania Trump then addressed the crowd, “First time my husband and I are hosting this wonderful tradition. It's great that all of you are here with us today. I want to thank the military band, staff and all the volunteers who worked tirelessly to make sure you enjoy the activities.” They gave great thanks to the military, “all around the world who are keeping us safe.”
FLOTUS at #WhiteHouseEasterEggRoll thanks the troops and "We wish you great fun" pic.twitter.com/QfKaypSgQT — Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) April 17, 2017
The President, First Lady and their son Barron walked down to a craft table to spend some time with the children. President Trump spoke with the children for a bit after which they stood up, thanked those gathered, and took their leave with their wife and son.
Near the end of the race finish line, Attorney General Sessions and the First Lady took their turns reading books to some of the kids. Sessions read a story about a bunny that was briefly interrupted for the address from the President and First Lady, but resumed quickly thereafter. First Lady Melania read Kathie Lee Gifford's children's book entitled “Party Animals”. Gifford's book tells the story of a goose who finds fault with everyone they can think of to invite to their birthday party, but after seeking counsel from an owl, decides to invite everyone, differences and all.
Just after the First Lady finished their reading the rain returned and many took their leave from the festivities.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
In 1888, a woman named Sarah Goode applied for and was granted a patent in Chicago, Illinois. Goode had just conceptualized what they called the “cabinet-bed,” a bed designed to fold out into a writing desk. Meeting the increasing demands of urban living in small spaces, Goode invented the cabinet-bed “so as to occupy less space, and made generally to resemble some article of furniture when so folded.”
Goode was a 19th century inventor who reimagined the domestic space to make city living more efficient. Yet unless you're a very specific kind of historian, you've probably never heard of them name. They don't appear in history books, and what they did remains largely unknown. The same goes for Mariam E. Benjamin, Sarah Boone and Ellen Elgin—all 19th century African-American women who successfully gained patents in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds.
In a post-Civil War America, job opportunities and social mobility for African-American citizens were highly restricted. The obstacles for African-American women were even stronger. Universities seldom accepted women—let alone women of color—into their programs. And most careers in science and engineering, paid or unpaid, remained closed off to them for decades to come.
Women faced similar discrimination in the patent office, as law professor Deborah Merritt notes in their article “Hypatia in the Patent Office,” published in The American Journal of Legal History. “Restrictive state laws, poor educational systems, condescending cultural attitudes, and limited business opportunities combined to hamper the work of female inventors,” Merritt writes. And in the era of Reconstruction, “[r]acism and a strictly segregated society further encumbered female inventors of color.”
Continue onto the Smithsonian to read the complete article.
I began the app making process last October. Having recently moved to Chicago, I was in the market for a season pass and was searching for the best nearby hill. Who had the terrain I wanted was even more important than who had the best price. But I felt like it was harder than it should have been to figure out which mountains had good parks. This experience reminded me of a similar problem back home in North Carolina. I always wished that I could know what the park set-ups at the mountains around me were like before I decided which one to go to. Even when I knew where I was going, I always wanted to be up to date on what terrain park features were up and know when the park had been reset. It was with these things in mind that I decided to make Ullr.
It turns out that making the app was the easy part. Even though it took me over a year to program Ullr, and often resulted in a sleep schedule resembling that of a new parent, it is in one sense easy as a developer to put my head down and write code. I started out with a few goals:
BRAD Fittler insists their record batch of NSW debutants will hold no fear in the State of Origin cauldron, despite the Blues naming the most inexperienced side in more than three decades.
Fittler confirmed on Monday they would take 11 new faces with them to the MCG for next Wednesday night's series opener, the most in the history of the series for either state.
It means NSW will enter the clash with just 39 games of Origin experience between them - the least of any side since back in 1984 according to Fox Sports Stats.
Queensland will still have the advantage of 73 games extra experience, despite Cameron Smith, Cooper Cronk, Johnathan Thurston Darius Boyd and Matt Scott all missing from their squad.
“I wasn't concerned about debutants,” Fittler said.
“I don't think the kids seem to worry as much as we did in the past.
“The key is to get the right amount of experience players and making sure they were fit as well.”
Fittler's plan is clear for all to see: Beat the Maroons with speed and skill.
Camera Icon Picture: The Daily Telegraph
Flyers Josh Addo-Carr and Tom Trbojevic have been selected on the wings, while x-factor centres Latrell Mitchell and James Roberts will line up inside them.
Young star Nathan Cleary has earned their debut in the halves alongside James Maloney, while fullback James Tedesco and rookie hooker Damien Cook will be charged with creating plenty of speed through the middle and around the ruck.
Utility Tyrone Peachey will also be expected to be a livewire off the bench, given their ability to beat tired defenders regardless of which position they are playing.
Defence though, will ultimately prove a far bigger question against a Queensland side that's had no trouble scoring points against more defensive sides in recent years.
“Sometimes you've got to stop worrying about what they mightn't be great at and look at the things they are great at and go in with that attitude,” Fittler said.
“It's a team that gets you sitting on the edge of your seat, week in week out they've been fantastic for their clubs.
“Most footy when you're playing State of Origin is coming off your own line. So we need to get dirty.
“If we get dirty and we get a good amount of ball then there is a fair chance we might score some tries.”
Fittler is also confident they will have few injury issues in the first week of training, with Roberts (Achilles) and lock Jack de Belin (hip) both expected to be fit to train by Tuesday even with Nick Cotric and Tariq Sims selected as back-ups.
De Belin forms part of a mobile back row and bench that also includes Boyd Cordner and Tyson Frizell as starters and Jake Trbojevic and Angus Crichton on the interchange.
In-form Reagan Campbell-Gillard has then been named to make their debut at prop alongside David Klemmer, with Paul Vaughan on the bench.
LUXEMBOURG, March 28 Sanctions imposed by the European Union on Russian companies such as its largest oil group Rosneft are valid, Europe's top court said on Tuesday.
"The restrictive measures adopted by the Council in response to the crisis in Ukraine against certain Russian undertakings, including Rosneft, are valid," the European Court of Justice said.
The bloc slapped sanctions on Russia after it annexed Ukraine's Black Sea peninsula Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and stepped them up as Moscow went on to support a separatist rebellion in Ukraine's industrial east. (Reporting by Julia Fioretti, writing by Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Alissa de Carbonnel)
Twenty-two years ago, Joseph Bitetto's mother went into labor prematurely. EMTs raced to their home, administered first aid and rushed them to the hospital.
Scroll for more content...
"There was blood everywhere, on the ground, on the toilet... My mom was bleeding out profusely," Bitetto told CNN. "If the EMTs didn't act accordingly and fast, they were in danger and I was in danger."
Both mother and child survived. Bitetto's grateful father thanked the doctors and police. But in the mist of chaos, they never got a chance to thank the medics.
Bitetto is now an EMT himself. And when they walked on to the stage last week to receive their diploma from the New York Fire Department, they finally met the man who saved their lives.
Father put regret in writing
As their son neared completion of EMT training, Bitetto's father wrote a letter to the academy expressing regret that they never thanked the rescuers.
The fire department figured out Howard Blanck was one of the EMTs, and brought them up on stage at graduation.
"It's pretty cool to see that you had an impact on someone's life," Blanck said. "It's nice to see after all this time, the family is doing well and they are doing well and that they took it on as a profession."
Blanck, now a New York City police detective, said they were nervous to meet the family they helped save. It was a packed graduation and only a handful of people knew about the surprise.
Bitetto always knew their entrance into the world was "messy," but they didn't know the details until their reunion with Blanck.
"My mom and dad would always say, 'You've been fighting since day one.' I always thought that meant I was tough from day one, but they said I was literally fighting for my life," Bitetto said.
The new EMT said they find deep motivation from the fact that they and the man who saved their lives chose the same career.
"I think about it a lot," Bitetto said. "Because of this man, I'm a healthy man and now I have the opportunity to make sure I help people."
0 Chip and Joanna Gaines pay off ‘Fixer Upper' family mortgage
WACO, Texas - “Fixer Upper” fans have a special place in Chip and Joanna Gaines' hearts and the Copp family's story really touched the couple.
>> Read more trending news
This week, fans of the hit HGTV series watched the home renovating duo team up with former football player Tim Tebow to give a dream home to a family in need. Melissa and Jody Copp have two sons, Calan, 9, and Lawson, 5, who are both in wheelchairs, so the family needed a ADA-approved home. The Make-a-Wish foundation and Tebow's own foundation teamed up to put the family in contact with the Gaineses, who delivered one heck of a dream home.
Chip Gaines took to Instagram on Tuesday and revealed that they and Joanne decided to take things a step further by offering to help pay off the family's mortgage.
“To me, this picture is worth a thousand words—a thousand encouragements—a thousand happy moments. BUT, there's more work to do. Let's rally together to pay off the Copp family's mortgage—Text Magnolia to 51555 to donate or click the link in our profile for more information. | photo courtesy of @hgtv,” they wrote to fans on Jan. 30.
>> Related: Action figure may have spoiled Captain America's top secret new look in the films
Just days later on Feb. 1, Gaines revealed that they had met their goal and the family didn't have to worry about their mortgage payment. Sharing a photo of the parents with their two children cheering in front of their home, Gaines wrote, “Y'all.. we did it! The Copp family's mortgage has been paid in full. Thanks for teaming up with us to get this thing finished! Their lives are forever changed because of your generosity.”
In September, the couple announced that they will be ending “Fixer Upper” for good in a post on their official blog.
“It is with both sadness and expectation that we share the news that season 5 of Fixer Upper will be our last,” they wrote at the time. “While we are confident that this is the right choice for us, it has for sure not been an easy one to come to terms with. Our family has grown up alongside yours, and we have felt you rooting us on from the other side of the screen. How bittersweet to say goodbye to the very thing that introduced us all in the first place.”
>> Related: Watch the all-too-real kick to the back that sadly ended Paige's WWE career
In following months, the couple denied security issues and pregnancy rumors as the reason for the end of the series but in January, Chip Gaines announced their wife is expecting the couple's fifth child.
“Gaines party of 7.. (If you're still confused.. WE ARE PREGNANT) @joannagaines,” they wrote on Jan. 2, alongside the sweet photo of the couple in coordinating grey sweatshirts and matching bumps.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Illegal immigrants detained at the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma, Washington, stopped a hunger strike shortly before Easter Sunday. The detainees demanded more money for doing chores, better food, and medical care.
Nearly 750 detainees reportedly refused their meals; nearly half of the 1,500 inmate capacity of the detention center. The hunger strike began earlier in the week on April 10 when some of the male detainees refused their lunches. Some women at the detention center later joined in the protest, the Seattle Times reported.
Protesters planned to fast for at least three days because the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency reportedly does not recognize hunger strikes that are any shorter.
All but one detention hold-out had stopped the strike by Saturday morning, said a spokesperson for ICE.
The detention facility was at the center of a publicized hunger strike in 2014 when Time reported that Paulino Ruiz “was sick of eating a boiled potato at every meal.” They also reportedly claimed to be fed-up with the $1-a-day they received for doing custodial chores. They further alleged harsh treatment by detention center personnel. Ruiz is a legal resident who came to the United States at the age of three. They were scheduled for removal by immigration officers after they served prison time for robbery. All but just a handful of inmates stopped their strike after it had gone on for more than a week, Time reported.
Breitbart Texas reported in mid-April that more than 60,000 illegal aliens that were housed in a Colorado detention center are suing the federal contractor who operates the detention center. They allege the facility compelled “forced labor” in violation of federal human trafficking laws and are seeking money damages and restitution. Lawyers for the GEO Group, Inc. counter that no other court has ever recognized trafficking or unjust enrichment claims for cleaning bathrooms, serving meals, doing laundry, and performing other housekeeping duties. There is a supervised program of daily cleaning by all detainees, and GEO implements these requirements “through an ICE-approved program.” “Nobody trafficked them there,” the defendant argued in a motion filed with the court which authorized the class action lawsuit.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas.  They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow them on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
You're on the HCI journey: now what?
Alan Browning outlines what hyper-converged infrastructure is, and how companies that have started the journey can proceed to the next step.
A subset of the complete software-defined data centre, hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) is becoming more mainstream, with its major advantage being targeting low-hanging fruit within data centres.
It does this by optimising operation and availability through allowing turnkey appliances to be operational in a short span of time, while not requiring advanced technical skills that most customers don't have access to.
However, as with any great technology, be sure to mind the speed bumps in your pursuit of implementing a software-defined data centre (SDDC).
The journey to a software-defined data centre starts now.
An overview of the current HCI landscape
In recent years, speaking to enterprise customers about implementing HCI has been likened to pushing water uphill. Thankfully, that mindset is changing as understanding increases and perceptions change.
I have often said that the biggest resistance to change is people. However, when a technology fundamentally changes business processes, simplifies infrastructures and gives IT the ability to become a profit centre, adoption of the technology occurs despite the naysayers. As a point of reference, think back to the resistance when we as IT professionals moved from physical servers to virtual servers – presently, virtual machines are the norm for 90 per cent of x86 deployments globally.
However, I believe:
HCI is being sold as a rip-and-replace: Instead, it should be sold as a transitional technology. HCI is being sold as the answer to every IT challenge: It is important to remember that HCI is not a single product, but a reference architecture. The beauty of HCI is that it has an offering for every wallet size and suits most enterprise applications. Understand the customer requirements before leading with a particular product. HCI is being sold as a SAN replacement product: This is a misnomer, and a brief history lesson will serve us well. No technology is perfect, and despite their best intentions sometimes that new technology causes unexpected problems in the data centre. Think back to the phenomenon of virtual machine (VM) sprawl. In virtualisation's heyday, it was not uncommon for companies to go from 50 physical servers to 75–100 VMs purely based on how easy it was to deploy them. And without the proper governance in place, it took organisations longer to realise their return on investment and total cost of ownership due to increased licence costs and the complexities of managing a larger VM estate.
Why selling HCI as a SAN replacement increases costs
One of the unexpected problems this sales technique produces is similar to what VM sprawl introduced.
The challenge is that most organisations have a plethora of storage in their environment, so positioning HCI as a SAN replacement means that one ends up having to propose so many additional nodes to take care of the storage that the other ends up with more compute and memory, which becomes unused.
This drives up licensing costs, data centre floor space requirements, and of course the overall price. This is a common argument for ‘HCI is a great technology but crazy-expensive'.
So what's the solution?
While HCI undoubtedly addresses most of the complexities that organisations wrestle with on a daily basis, it's not a perfect solution for large organisations' storage challenges.
The answer is quite simple: the journey to a truly SDDC consists of moving all the traditional building blocks – namely compute, storage and networking – into a software-defined state. HCI takes care of to compute requirements, and software-defined storage (SDS) should be positioned as a complementary technology when a HCI solution is proposed. This drives down the number of nodes that must be positioned to address the storage requirements of the SDDC.
SDS is also a reference architecture with various solutions at different price points, be it file and block storage, object storage, or offerings that allow customers to virtualise all existing storage – regardless of the vendor – into a condensed SDS offering.
Closing thoughts
Don't allow SDS to become the new ‘pushing water uphill' technology – embrace it. Once to compute and storage are software-defined, wrapping a layer of software-defined networking around the solution should be a relatively simple task.
The old adage of picking the right tool for the job is more relevant than ever. And the most important process before suggesting any ‘tool' to our clients is to understand what the ‘job' is. Get it right and 2018 could be the year that the SDDC becomes a reality.
The drive to SDDC consists of moving all the traditional building blocks into a software-defined state.
When a technology changes business processes, simplifies infrastructures and gives IT the ability to become a profit centre, the adoption of the technology occurs despite the naysayers.
Alan Browning is solutions leader: HCI META (Middle East Turkey and Africa) at Lenovo.
March 30 VGP NV:
* Intention for a private placement of VGP shares
* Has been informed that a private placement of VGP shares belonging to VM Invest NV, will take place today
* Trading in VGP shares on Euronext Brussels will therefore be temporarily suspended today Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Elvis Duran, the man (and the voice) behind the nationally syndicated Z100 radio program Elvis Duran and the Morning Show, says has one great secret for waking up day after day to talk to their audience of 10 million weekly listeners.
“I just always assume no one is listening,” they say with laugh.
They couldn't be more wrong. On April 9, after 30 years as a radio host — and 22 years of hosting the Morning Show (which is syndicated in 80 markets) — Duran was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame, joining some of their own personal heroes.
“To be included with guys like Wolfman Jack or Casey Kasem and other guys I grew up listening to? It's incredible,” says Duran of receiving the honor.
But Duran's work doesn't stop at joking around behind the mic in the morning. He's also long been an activist and philanthropist, supporting LGBTQ rights, and other causes that fight poverty and hunger. This September he's putting together a music event at Radio City Music Hall on behalf of Donor's Choose, an organization that gives money to teachers who have to buy school supplies for their students.
He's also stepped in front of the mic in recent years, doing the red carpet for the iHeart Music Awards and hosting the annual Jingle Ball in New York City, and they host a monthly segment on Kathie Lee and Hoda called “Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month,” where they showcase an up-and-coming singer. (Alessia Cara, Daya and Tori Kelly all got their big breaks being one of their hand-picked artists of the month on the segment.)
As someone who's given hundreds of new artists their first radio spin, many musicians who have been on their show now consider them a friend.
Noam Galai/Getty
“Elvis is the only person that can create a magical interview with these artists,” says their publicist Steven Levine. “When they're with Elvis, they're friends and immediately disarmed, and they wind up having one of the best experiences. Which is why they keep coming back.”
Among some of their regular pals and visitors: Chris Martin, Lady Gaga, and Justin Bieber.
“I love Justin Bieber,” Duran told PEOPLE, when asked about some of the artists they love to interview. “There are times where people only report negative things about him, but everyone forgets how incredibly talented they really are.”
The government of Sunni-majority Qatar has long hosted and legitimized political leaders from the terrorist organizations known as the Muslim Brotherhood (MB), the Hamas Palestinian movement, and more recently the Afghan Taliban.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt, and Bahrain have severed ties with their fellow predominantly Sunni nation Qatar, accusing it of destabilizing the Muslim region with its support for Islamic terrorist organizations and plunging the Arab Gulf nations into a diplomatic crisis.
Qatari officials have repeatedly denied the allegations, dismissing them as “unjustified” and having “no basis in fact.”
“Qatar became a central target of the Saudi-Emirati-Israeli joint lobbying efforts for its perceived role in promoting the Muslim Brotherhood and hosting members of Hamas' political bureau,” reports Al Jazeera.
In 2013, Qatar allowed the Afghan Taliban to open an official political office in its capital Doha. Although the Qatari government allegedly shut it down, Afghan Taliban leaders are believed to be still operating in Doha.
A senior Qatari official recently told Al Jazeera that Doha hosted the Taliban at the “request of the U.S. government,” led by former President Barack Obama at the time.
Under President Donald Trump, who has recently expressed strong support for Saudi Arabia, the United States joined the Sunni kingdom's allies in condemning Qatar for supporting and assisting Iran and jihadist groups.
Hamas, officially deemed as a terrorist group by the United States, is considered one of Iran's terror proxies.
Echoing comments made by Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir on Tuesday, House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-CA) blasted Qatar's ties to terrorism on the same day.
Qatar “must stop supporting Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood,” Jubeir told reporters.
During a hearing held by the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa hearing titled, “Challenges and Opportunities for the U.S.-Saudi Relationship,” Chairman Royce declared:
Qatar's relationship with Hamas remains very concerning. Senior leaders of Hamas and the military wing of the Muslim Brotherhood – which is an Islamist group designated as terrorists by Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and the United Arab Emirates – all reside in Qatar today. And earlier this month – and I think this is what is most concerning for all of us here – more Hamas tunnels were found under two U.N. Relief Works Agency schools in Gaza. Found underneath the schools in Gaza. So Hamas is still using civilians and children to hide its activities. And that, to me, does not sound like a legitimate resistance movement.
Qatar's foreign minister recently referred to Hamas as “a legitimate resistance movement.”
The Sunni country “has doubled down on its relationship with Hamas,” noted Congressman Royce, later adding, “This practice needs to end now. There is no such thing as a ‘good terrorist group.'”
According to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Hamas is responsible for for the death of more than 400 Israelis and at least 25 American citizens.
“Palestinian terrorism represents a grave threat to Israeli security and the prospects for a two-state solution,” said New York's Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House panel, in a statement issued on May 26.“Congress must work to stop international support for Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and foreign supporters of these organizations must understand the risks associated with perpetuating this perverse violence.”
The Obama administration refused to officially deem the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist group despite requests from Republican lawmakers.
President Trump is expected to support efforts to label MB a terrorist organization.
Unlike its predecessor, the Trump administration did not hesitate to refer to the Afghan Taliban as a “terrorist” group.
The U.S. has officially labeled the Afghan Taliban a terrorist organization.
Qatari foreign minister's special envoy on counterterrorism told Al Jazeera that Doha allowed the Afghan Taliban to establish an office at the “request of the U.S. government” in 2013 and as part of the country's “open-door policy, to facilitate talks, to mediate and to bring peace.”
Qatar “was facilitating the talks between the Americans, the Taliban and the government of Afghanistan,” claimed Mutlaq Al Qahtani, the FM's envoy.
Galway United have been drawn away to North End United of the Wexford League in the first round of the FAI Cup following this afternoon's draw at the Aviva Stadium. The game scheduled for the weekend of the 12th of August. Defending champions Cork City will face Home Farm while Dundalk have been drawn at home to Cobh Ramblers.
The Draw in Full is
Drogheda United v Shamrock Rovers
UCD v Pike Rovers
Blarney United v Derry City
Shelbourne v Athlone Town
Newmarket Celtic v Cabinteely
Cockhill Celtic v Limerick
Dundalk v Cobh Ramblers
Bray Wanderers v Finn Harps
Skerries Town v Waterford
Sligo Rovers v Longford Town
Maynooth University Town v Leeds
North End United v Galway United
Home Farm v Cork City
Wexford v Bohemians
Inchicore Athletic v St Patrick's Athletic
Dublin Bus v CIE Ranch
March 29 Robinson Europe SA:
* Revokes its financial forecast of FY 2016/2017 EBITDA of 2.3 million zlotys ($585,376)
* Sees FY 2016/2017 revenue of 16 million zlotys
* Sees FY 2016/2017 gross profit between 2.5 million zlotys and 2.8 million zlotys
* The change in the financial forecast was due to planned spin off of sports department and number and value of orders Source text: bit.ly/2ntKZI5 Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9291 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Arris International Plc
* On April 26, 2017, Arris International Plc and certain subsidiaries entered into second amendment to its credit facility
* Arris International - Amendment provides for new Term B loan facility of $545 million; proceeds, along with cash on hand, used to repay in full term b loan facility
* New Term B loan has a maturity date of April 2024 - SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2oEmgF2] Further company coverage:
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
ARINA Rodionova has snuffed out Sara Tomic's Australian Open wildcard playoff hopes, intent on breaking into the world's top 100 — sooner rather than later.
The tenacious Victorian posted a 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 victory over talented Tomic, moving them significantly closer to snaring a main draw berth in the January 15-28 grand slam.
Still finding touch after a gruelling fitness block, world no 120 Rodionova was relieved to survive Tomic.
“I got the job done. It wasn't my best performance obviously but it was enough today and I'm happy to get through,” they said.
“It's tough, middle of December. We're normally not peaking yet and that's my situation, same with most other players.
Camera Icon Sara Tomic couldn't get past Arina Rodionova. Picture: Getty Images
“We're all in similar condition but just keep fighting every point. It's not the best tennis but you have to be able to win without playing your best.”
Rodionova admitted erring by chasing ranking points while trying to crack the top 100 and playing too many tournaments towards the end of this season.
“Yes, that's exactly what I did instead of taking a couple of weeks off and having a good training block. I just kept playing,” they said.
“I went China, Japan, China and then back to Australia for a week and it was a little bit crazy and unnecessary and didn't do me any good.
“I will learn from that and not do the same again.”
Ranked 466th in the world, Tomic was cautioned for taking too much time between points late in the second set.
The censure failed to stop the 19-year-old charging back into contention after trailing 2-5.
But, after breaking serve for 4-5, they lost their own delivery — and the match.
Alaska State Troopers say a 23-year-old Kenai Peninsula man made fake 911 calls to divert officers as they pursued and tried to arrest him.
Clayton Nelson of Kasilof is charged with felony eluding, reckless driving, assault and terroristic threatening. He's also charged with driving with a revoked license and violating conditions of their release.
Troopers say they spotted Nelson on Saturday afternoon and tried to conduct a traffic stop on their pickup for an outstanding felony warrant from an assault case Friday in Soldotna.
After a pursuit, troopers arrested Nelson.
Trooper investigators say they later determined Nelson had made false 911 calls.
Nelson is being held without bail at Wildwood Pretrial Facility in Kenai.
A message left with the Kenai public defender's office was not immediately returned.
The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) intensified its operations to save a German hostage whom their captor–the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG)–had threatened to behead before the lapse of a two-week ultimatum, a military official said on Wednesday.
“They [jihadists]gave a February 26 deadline and we are doing our best efforts to rescue the kidnap victim and we have enough forces to do that,” said Col. Cirilito Sobejana, commander of the AFP Joint Task Force Sulu.
But the job, Sobejana added, would not be easy as the military needs the support of the community particularly in pinpointing the exact location not only of German Juerguen Kantner, 70, but also of other hostages.
The ASG, they said, is holding 27 hostages composed of Filipinos, Malaysians, Indonesians, Vietnamese, Dutch and Germans.
“So this is the challenge ahead of us. [But] we will be doing relentless effort, we will pursue them and hopefully we will be able to make it… I will make the full use of my available manpower, troops, under my command and of course, we are a joint force here, I have the Navy and Air Force component, we will use all of them,” according to Sobejano.
The task force, they said, has at least 14 battalions.
“We are trying to strategize. With so many battalions that I have, we want to cover all areas of Sulu particularly where the ASG took their victims,” they said.
Sobejano refused to divulge what particular area the military is concentrating on or what ASG faction is holding the hostages.
In a two-minute video released on Tuesday, Kantner tearfully pleaded for their life as the ASG threatened to kill them if the demanded P30-million ransom is not paid.
Released by the SITE Intelligence Group, the video showed Kantner sitting in front of four masked men, three of whom were brandishing high-powered firearms and the one behind the German hostage holding a sickle.
The AFP Chief of Staff, Gen. Eduardo Año, has ordered to wipe out in six months, or by July 31, the ASG and other terrorist groups in southern Philippines.
April 28 Beijing WKW Automotive Parts Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -10 percent to 20 percent, or to be 180 million yuan to 240 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (200.0 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Vwuenv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Seattle Genetics Inc:
* SEATTLE GENETICS ANNOUNCES FULL EXERCISE OF UNDERWRITERS' OPTION TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chelsea midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek is open to playing in different positions in order to force their way into contention for a starting spot with the Premier League leaders.
The England under-21 international has made just eight appearances for Chelsea this season, compared to 17 last year, as manager Antonio Conte's 3-4-3 system and the club's lack of European fixtures have reduced their playing opportunities.
"I'm always learning and I'm open to playing different positions," the 21-year-old told The Times. "That can only be good for my development."
Loftus-Cheek played two games for the under-21 side last week, scoring a brace in a 4-0 win over Denmark on Monday.
"I think I have to be on it, when you don't play much and you get a chance to play," they said. "I train hard and I train to the best of my abilities so when these opportunities do come, you're hungry from the first whistle."
Chelsea, who hold a comfortable 10-point cushion over the chasing pack, host 16th-placed Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL, La. - Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell, Louisiana.
"I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy," says Dalton Bond, who witnessed the swarm firsthand.
Kenny Hickman, who captured the frenzy on their cell phone, says it's unlike anything he's ever seen.
"I started filming it with my phone and I'm like I'm not getting out,” Hickman tells WGNO.
Thankfully, mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours.
"I'm either having them for dinner, up my ears, up my nose, I haven't seen so many before swarm," says Hickman.
Just like moths, mayflies are attracted to light, so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us.
According to Entomology Today, mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before they were found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the “point of no return” was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit their head while taking a bath and “had no pulse” before being revived.
The person making the report said Evan and their mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would “take life from them” before “bringing them back.” Their mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and their mother and strangling the boy until they became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a “critical incident,” it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
“If they don't do the right thing there,” Keech said, “it seals their doom. They never recovered from that point on.”
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between their mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of their son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that they were OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of their DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Them analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. They also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
“This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking,” Keech said. “This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency.”
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokesperson and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, “you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan.”
DCF spokesperson Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
“Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged,” they said in an email.
0 Prince's family sues Illinois hospital, Walgreens in singer's overdose death
Members of Prince's family have filed a lawsuit against an Illinois hospital and the Walgreens pharmacy chain, contending both could have done more to prevent the legendary entertainer's opioid overdose death in April 2016, according to news reports.
>> Read more trending news
The suit follows a decision made last week by the Carver County Attorney Mark Metz against filing charges in the superstar singer's death. Following a two-year investigation, Metz, of Carver County, Minnesota, announced Thursday that “Prince died from taking a counterfeit Vicodin pill that contained fentanyl, a dangerously powerful opioid,” but that investigators could not determine who sold the “Purple Rain” singer the pill. Authorities fined the doctor who prescribed Prince painkillers in a friend's name.
Prince's family file wrongful death lawsuit against Illinois hospital and Walgreens https://t.co/WtnX1GiNSt — Rolling Stone (@RollingStone) April 24, 2018
A week before Prince died, they were treated at Trinity Medical Center in Rock Island, Illinois for an overdose. Their plane made an emergency landing in Moline after they had played a show in Atlanta, and they were briefly hospitalized after overdosing on the plane.
The suit by the six heirs to Prince's fortune accuses the doctor who examined the entertainer of misidentifying the pain pill the singer took before their overdose as a Vicodin, when it was instead a counterfeit laced with fentanyl, the Minneapolis Tribune reported. The suit also accuses the hospital of failing to appropriately identify and treat the overdose.
The probable heirs of Prince's estate are split between two lawyers who competed in court on Thursday to represent their interests in managing their estate. Both men - CNN contributor and onetime White House adviser Van Jones, and a show business attorney already hired as an estate consultant, L. Londell McMillan â€“ bragged about established ties to Prince as they testified in court. Their differing backgrounds and priorities have implications for the control and commercial misuse of musical assets left by Prince when they died.
In addition, the suit names Walgreens because it gave prescriptions meant for Prince to their longtime friend and manager Kirk Johnson.
“We will have much to say when the time is right,” the attorney who filed the suit on behalf of the family, John Goetz, told the Star Tribune.
“We have client interests to protect at the moment, including our theory of the case. What happened to Prince is happening to families across America. Prince's family wishes, through its investigation, to shed additional light on what happened to Prince,” Goetz said.
Prince was 57 when they died on April 21, 2016, at their Paisley Park home of an accidental overdose, six days after the overdose on the plane.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, blocks the shot of Los Angeles Lakers guard Stephaun Branch during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers center Moritz Wagner, left, tries to stop Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Los Angeles Lakers guard Demarcus Holland, left, pulls the ball away from Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr. during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Duncan Robinson, left, drives against Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeffrey Carroll during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Alex Caruso, left, goes to the basket against Miami Heat guard Tai Webster during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., left, drives to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers guard Josh Hart during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers forward Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk, right, drives against Miami Heat guard Daryl Macon during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, scores over Los Angeles Lakers forward Johnathan Williams during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo, left, defends Lakers center Moe Wagner during the first half of Tuesday's California Classic summer league game in Sacramento. The Heat won 89-74. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
SACRAMENTO — The Lakers are still looking for their first summer league victory – something they were never close to getting in Tuesday's 89-74 loss to the Miami Heat.
Miami scored the first 10 points of the game and took advantage of sizzling shooting to extend its margin from there, leading by as many as 31 in a wire-to-wire victory in the California Classic at Golden 1 Center.
Miami led 31-19 after one quarter, by 19 points at halftime and by 29 going into the fourth quarter. Miami dominated both ends of the court, collecting 15 steals and eight blocked shots while forcing 20 Lakers turnovers and using crisp ball movement to record 27 assists on 33 field goals on offense.
There were few bright spots for the Lakers (0-2), who lost a tight game to Sacrament on Monday night. Second-round draft pick Svi Mykhailiuk (No. 47 overall) had a team-high 12 points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals, but they finished 2 for 8 from 3-point range. Xavier Rathan-Mayes had nine points, two rebounds and five assists, and Demarcus Holland added 10 points and two rebounds off the bench. Josh Hart, who wasn't expected to play, talked their way into the lineup for 14 first-half minutes but was held to one point, one rebound and one assist, was whistled for four fouls and missed all four of their shots from the field (0 for 2 from 3-point range).
Alex Caruso, who returned to the Lakers after helping lead Team USA to a 5-1 record in the FIBA World Cup qualifiers, led a fourth-quarter charge and finished with eight points, four assists and three steals (but six turnovers) in 22 minutes. First-round pick Moe Wagner (No. 25 overall) had eight points, four rebounds and five turnovers and fouled out in 18 minutes.
Miami (1-1) was led by Derrick Jones Jr., who had 21 points, five rebounds and three steals. Duncan Robinson added 19 points, four rebounds and two assists on 7-of-9 shooting from the field, and Bam Adebayo totaled nine points and 10 rebounds. Yante Maten had 15 points, five rebounds and four steals off the bench, and Daryl Macon had a team-high 11 assists.
The Heat made 11 of 17 3-point attempts in the first half and finished 13 for 28 overall (46.4 percent). The Lakers never got rolling from the arc, finishing 7 for 23 (30.4 percent). The Lakers had just 14 assists on their 30 field goals.
The Lakers are off Wednesday, before finishing the four-team event with a game against Golden State on Thursday at noon. The team will then travel to Las Vegas for the beginning of the traditional NBA summer league, where they will play at least five games.
NOTE
Like Monday, Malik Newman (sprained left foot) and Joel Berry II (right ankle sprain) were again unavailable.
🎥Miles Simon talks about the team's lack of energy to start the game and how possible fatigue played a role in the defeat. pic.twitter.com/m1Cc4GWcer — Los Angeles Lakers (@Lakers) July 4, 2018
Catelynn and Tyler Baltierra have previously been open about their struggles with mental health, and now they're giving people an inside look at their diagnoses.
The Teen Mom OG stars, who have been together for over 10 years, appeared on the podcast Voices for Change 2.0 on Saturday to discuss their battles with mental illness with co-hosts Rebecca and Joe Lombardo.
Catelynn, 26, revealed they were recently diagnosed with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. They went to rehab last November to deal with suicidal thoughts and then again in early January to overcome childhood trauma.
“For me, it's panic disorder, PTSD — I like to call myself a trauma survivor – and it's depression, but it's co-occurring depression or something like that,” Catelynn said. “It surprised me to know that I was diagnosed with PTSD. I was really shocked by it. but it makes a lot of sense too. That's my newest diagnosis.”
Tyler and Catelynn Baltierr Kevin Mazur/WireImage
Tyler's own battles began when they were a child, around the time they were 11 years old and attempted suicide.
“That's where I first started feeling depressed,” they said, explaining how they were acting out in school. “And, obviously, my dad going in and out of prison all the time. At 11, though, that's when I attempted suicide and failed. I was on anti-depressants a bit.”
They continued, “I've been diagnosed with depression here and there whenever I've gone back to therapy and whatnot. Recently, I went to a new place and based on a couple of sessions I had with them, they said, ‘Look, based off a snapshot of your symptoms, we think you may be on the bipolar spectrum as well.' ”
“That was pretty shocking to figure out, but also it made a lot of sense back to when I was younger,” Tyler, 26, added. “It was weird. But getting back into therapy, I've been managing that stuff.”
Tyler revealed they were going to therapy in mid-January, just five days after Catelynn told their followers they were returning to rehab.
RELATED VIDEO: Teen Mom OG's Tyler Baltierra Reveals He's Going to Therapy as Wife Catelynn Returns to Rehab
“I made it. I made it to my therapist appointment,” Tyler said in a video they shared, which was taken in their car. “Putting in a little self care today, know what I mean? Sometimes you have to put yourself ahead of some other people sometimes in life. Doesn't mean you don't love 'em or care about 'em. It just means you love 'em enough to put yourself first so you can be the best ‘you' you can be.”
In February, it was revealed during a Teen Mom OG episode that Catelynn had suffered the miscarriage of their third child together.
Catelynn returned home from rehab one day before the episode aired, writing on Instagram, “Finally home and it feels so good!”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
If you or someone you know is considering suicide, please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
NEW YORK Oil prices ended mixed on Thursday after a seesaw trading session, as investors weighed rising U.S. production against geopolitical uncertainties and comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to OPEC-led supply cuts was likely.
The benchmark U.S. crude contract, West Texas Intermediate futures, settled down 17 cents for a fourth straight day of losses, to $50.27 a barrel. Brent futures posted modest gains, however, ending up 6 cents to $52.99 a barrel.
OPEC members Saudi Arabia and Kuwait signaled that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers, including Russia, would likely extend their oil output cut beyond June.
At a press conference in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said that "there is consensus building but it's not done yet."
James Williams, president of energy consultant WTRG Economics in London, Arkansas, said the minister's bullish statement did not lift prices much because of growing U.S. shale production.
“You would have thought that that would have reversed yesterday's fall, but it didn't," they said. "We're getting a little bit of price recovery, but it's still not enough to reverse the shale threat.”
On Wednesday, crude prices tumbled more than 3.5 percent as U.S. government data showed domestic crude stocks fell less than expected in the latest week and gasoline stocks posted a surprising 1.5-million-barrel build.
U.S. crude oil production rose to 9.25 million barrels per day, official data showed, up almost 10 percent since mid-2016. U.S. inventories of 532 million barrels remained near all-time records reached in March.
At the close of trading, the monthly expiration for May contracts, futures trading was light, with traders afraid to make big bets.
“Everything was really shaky today as people are afraid to get in before the expiration,” said Phil Flynn, senior market analyst at Price Futures Group, referring to the four-day losing streak. “There's hesitation to jump in and catch a falling knife.”
Geopolitical questions loom as the weekend approaches. The presidential election in France begins with a first round of voting on Sunday, and has turned into the most unpredictable French contest in memory.
North Korean state media warned the United States of a "super-mighty preemptive strike." John Saucer, vice president of research and analytics at Mobius Risk Group in Houston, said the market was not jittery, noting low volatility and weak oil prices, which they said doesn't "really signal a market that's too concerned about geopolitical hotspots.”
(Additional reporting by Libby George in London, Henning Gloystein; in Singapore; Editing by David Gregorio and Alistair Bell)
Below is a little about actor Melinda Shankar who spoke to me live at ‘The ANOKHI PRESTIGE Experience' inaugural boutique event #ThisIsMyBeauty this past Spring on Sunday April 30th in Toronto. Them topic was “Beauty & The Entertainment Business” and here's what they had to say in part one of the two-part special!
Award winning Guyanese-Canadian actor on the big and small screen, Melinda Shankar started their full time career in Show Business back in 2008. Best known for their portrayal of Alli Bhandari on the international hit series Degrassi, for eight seasons and starring role as Indie Mehta in the YTV sitcom How to be Indie, Melinda was nominated for a Gemini award and won a Canadian Screen Award for best Children's program in 2013. Melinda received another Best Actress win for the role of Reshma in the Festival of Lights at the Ibiza Film Festival shot in Guyana and in NYC.
As well rounded athlete, Melinda has studied martial arts and classical ballet since the age of three. They hold a black belt in competitive Karate specializing in kata, fighting, stunts and weaponry in addition to years of competitive Hip hop and Pointe dance.
While growing up in the public eye alternating between filming Degrassi and How to be Indie, the French speaking Ottawa native also juggled other productions such as Disney's remake of Harriet the Spy, Alive, Trigger, Bookaboo, Excuses inc, and most recently, Melinda finished two films (Filth City & Darker than Night) set to release in 2017.
A big believer in giving back, Melinda has worked with Free The Children in Ecuador, Ghana and Haiti as well as hosted their recent “We Day” youth event in Seattle with over 20,000 guests.
Shankar is the founder of the Miss Conception Society– promoting “The Art of You!” Self-confidence through self-development youth programs est. in 2013. The Miss C recipe is perseverance, passion and a plan.
ENJOY!
Raj Girn XO
YouTube: www.YouTube.com/OpenChestTV
Website: www.OpenChest.com
Newsletter: www.OpenChest.com/Newsletter
And
Facebook: www.Facebook.com/OPENCHEST
Twitter: www.Twitter.com/RajGirn_
Instagram: www.Instagram.com/RajGirn
If you are a public employee in California — that is, if you work for the state, a city or county government, or any government department, agency or school district — here's what the Supreme Court's decision in Janus v. AFSCME means for you:
More money.
You now have the right to quit your union and stop paying dues, and it will not affect your wages and benefits under your current contract. The only thing that will change is the paycheck deduction for fees that go to the union. It will stop.
If you are a public employee who already quit the union, but a fee for union representation is deducted from your paycheck anyway, that will stop immediately.
Just in time for Independence Day, the Supreme Court has bestowed freedom on public employees.
From now on, new employees will have to opt in to union membership. That's a big change from the practice of automatically enrolling employees in the union and then forcing them to jump through hoops if they want to get out of it.
Coincidentally, one of the complaints about the King of England listed in the Declaration of Independence was that they “called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with their measures.”
Anyone who ever tried to opt out of a public employee union probably knows the feeling.
Many public employees pay about $1,000 a year in union dues. But those who opted out of the union were forced to pay “fair share fees,” sometimes called “agency fees,” that were nearly as much as full dues. Unions said the payments covered the cost of negotiating collective bargaining agreements.
But in their opinion for the majority, Justice Samuel Alito was skeptical of that claim. They wrote that the record in the Janus case illustrates that unions charged nonmembers for “lobbying, social and recreational activities, advertising, membership meetings and conventions and litigation, as well as other unspecified services.”
In the Janus case, the “fair share” fee was 78.06 percent of full union dues. Sometimes it's more.
But that's history now. If you're a public employee and you'd like to quit the union, you're free to do so, and there will be no deduction from your paycheck for union fees of any kind.
The Janus decision kicked off all kinds of fireworks. On one hand, unions and their supporters say the Supreme Court did the bidding of union-busting billionaires. On the other hand, right-to-work advocates say the unions have distorted the political process by helping to elect union lackeys and then negotiating budget-busting contracts with them.
Who's right?
There are billionaires donating to support politicians and positions on both ends of the political spectrum, but it seems that most people only notice the ones who disagree with them. Still, if Tom Steyer and Charles Koch ever agreed to fight it out on pay-per-view, the television ratings might knock Muhammad Ali out of the record books.
It's worth noting that billionaires are spending their own money, while unions are spending the money they take from the paychecks of other people. And it's a lot of money. Between 2000 and 2009, the California Teachers Association and its affiliates spent nearly $212 million on political campaigns in California, far more during that ten-year period than any other union, business, individual or organization, according to a 2010 report by the state's campaign watchdog agency.
Ultimately, it doesn't matter who has taken which side in this fight, because it's a First Amendment issue, and the issue is freedom vs. force.
Public employees are free to remain members of their unions and to pay dues. Now they're also free to quit the union and keep more of their own money. Current contracts may limit the window of time during which members can quit their union, but there is no longer any question that they have the right to quit without being compelled to pay union fees anyway.
“Neither an agency fee nor any other payment to the union may be deducted from a nonmember's wages, nor may any other attempt be made to collect such a payment, unless the employee affirmatively consents to pay,” the court declared.
Freedom is defined by what the government can't do to you. If you're a public employee, the government can't withhold union fees from your paycheck without your permission.
Happy Independence Day.
Susan Shelley is an editorial writer for the Southern California News Group. Susan@SusanShelley.com. Twitter: @Susan_Shelley
Strasbourg, 10 April 2017 – “Eighteen years after the end of the conflict, thousands of people are still denied justice in Kosovo. It is high time to change course and build a … Vijon
Jens von Bergmann of Vancouver said the province bungled the rollout
A Vancouver mathematician is feeling a little confused, and a lot snarky, about why British Columbians can't seem to understand how the increased school tax works.
“I kept reading these stories about the people affected… and I thought maybe this [calculator] was needed,” Jens von Bergmann told Black Press Media.
“I think the fact that it is a wealth based tax means it's new and it's different.”
The school tax, announced by Finance Minister Carol James in February, would apply a tax rate of 0.2 per cent to the portion of a home's assessed residential value that is between $3 million and $4 million, excluding stratified rentals. A tax rate of 0.4 per cent would apply to all home value over $4 million.
“It just really drives home this divide we're facing in Vancouver,” said Von Bergmann.
“People that have bought quite a while ago and have seen their house value go up but don't perceive that necessarily as liquid wealth and other people that are really struggling to pay rent in the city. I think the tax is trying to strike some sort of balance between the two.”
READ MORE: David Eby cancels town hall due to ‘safety concerns' after school tax protest planned
The tax is due to start in 2019 but has already raised outrage, especially in Attorney General David Eby's Point Grey riding.
Eby cancelled a town hall on the tax in early May, claiming that the opposition was encouraging non-registered attendees to crash the ticket-only event and making it unsafe.
MaryAnn Cummings, a Point Grey senior who's against the tax, called it “predatory” and said that the tax “ignores an owners ability to pay it.”
But Von Bergmann says they don't have much sympathy.
“I find it hard to relate to how this could constitute any form of cruel hardship,” they wrote in a blog post.
“And I am comfortably housed, I don't want to imagine how someone struggling to pay rent in this city is supposed to by sympathetic to this.”
An owner of a $4 million house would pay $2,000 in school tax, according to the province. While Von Bergmann blames people's poor math skills for not being able to grasp how little they'll really pay in extra taxes, they also think the province bungled the rollout.
They brought up the example of David Tha, 72, who told the Vancouver Courier that they were cutting cable and eating less meat to afford the tax.
But although Von Bergmann called Tha “principled,” they noted that they could either sell, or just defer the taxes on their $6.75-million home, which had gone up from the $370,000 Tha bought it for in 1987.
“We have to conclude that they are very principled, but I am still not convinced that the single mom trying to make ends meet renting an East Van basement suite will be terribly sympathetic to Tha's self-imposed budget constraints,” Von Bergmann wrote.
“Vancouver is indeed expensive, but with $6.7M in equity, almost all of which is untaxed capital gains, it is very hard to see how they could find a reasonable place to live to fit their middle class lifestyle.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
THE Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) started on Monday an investigation to verify reports of the sale of substandard rebar in Central Luzon.
In a mobile message replying to a question on their proposed response to the steel industry's request for an investigation, Trade and Industry Secretary Ramon M. Lopez said the agency started the probe yesterday.
The call for an “immediate” audit was made by the Philippine Iron and Steel Institute (PISI), an industry association, which said its own investigation consisted of random purchases from hardware stores in the region. It said the rebar it purchased failed to meet Philippine National Standards.
The group found faults like underweight products and diameters that did not meet PNS specifications.
The steel industry group also urged the DTI to charge manufacturers and hardware store owners for the distribution of substandard rebar. — Janina C. Lim
The cleanup at the old Byford junkyard is on hold, pending further environmental testing from the state.
The state still plans on hauling 20,000 cubic yards of lead contaminated soil from the junkyard to a rock-pit, a quarter of a mile from Pat's Creek.
The local tribe and city have spoken out against this proposed site, as it is near a fishing stream and recreation spot.
Wrangell Cooperative Association provided a report to the state outlining potential environmental hazards of the project at the site.
Biochemist Kendra Zamzow prepared the report, which suggests there could be phosphate leeching and other issues.
The Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation says it will address those concerns through additional testing in the next few weeks.
Contaminated Sites Program environmental program manager Sally Schlichting said the rock-pit still is the best option.
It is easy to access, does not require excessive permitting and already has been used as an industrial site in the past.
The state originally planned to start hauling the soil by April 1, but that's been pushed back indefinitely.
Assembly members asked Schlichting whether there was a go/ no-go date, when the soil would be stuck at the junkyard.
Schlichting said there is no cut-off date, but delays will make the project more time consuming and costly for the state.
The local tribe has not budged from its position to oppose the site.
Every week we hear the Young Jeffrey's AMAZING song of the week…But did you know there is someone else that sings on our station? Your favorite creeper…Resident Stalker Sage Willowbrooke! And while they may come across as WEIRD… Sage just wants to be friends with everyone! Of course, Sage's singing is pretty great and “not CREEPY” at all. Hear it …
Yorkshire is known for its wild moors and scenic woodlands, many of which people explore through various cycling routes, trails and cycling destinations.
These cycling routes are a great way to embrace the outdoors, keep active and explore some of Yorkshire's most scenic nature spots.
From coastal routes to canal towpaths to forests, Yorkshire offers an array of cycling routes that everyone can enjoy
From coastal routes to canal towpaths to forests, Yorkshire offers an array of cycling routes that everyone can enjoy.
Here are some of the best cycling routes and destinations in Yorkshire.
Aire Valley Towpath
The Aire Valley Towpath is a 27km ride which leads right from bustling Leeds to Bingley, allowing riders to experience the Yorkshire countryside, urban area and a section of the Leeds and Liverpool canal.
Hull to Driffield is a scenic cycle route with plenty of traffic free sections
This towpath has locks and bridges, cows and swans and if you stop at Saltaire you can even visit their award-winning brewery.
York Solar Cycle
Combine cycling with astronomy on the 10km York Solar Cycle. This route starts south of York and every 100 metres of the flat, traffic-free track, which is a converted stretch of the old East Coast mainline railway, corresponds to over 57 million kilometres in space. Scale models of the planets dot the path, making this an unusual and education cycle path.
Way of the Roses
If you fancy crossing two different counties, this 274 km coast-to-coast ride from Morecambe to Bridlington allows you to do so.
Go through Lancashire before heading to the Yorkshire Dales, Nidderdale, the Vale of York and the Yorkshire Wolds.
Wars of the roses: How the rivalry between Yorkshire and Lancashire still exists today
Coast-to-coast: Scarborough to Bridlington
Embrace the coast with this seaside cycle, starting in the heart of Scarborough and riding south along the coast, passing nearby scenic locations such as the River Hertford, Hunmanby and Bempton villages, and Sewerby Hall and Gardens.
This 22-mile ride finishes at Bridlington sea front and although it is considered to be a fairly difficult route due to its various hilly sections, the views at the end and the opportunity to sample delicious fish and chips makes it worthwhile.
Yorkshire Dales Cycleway
The Yorkshire Dales Cycleway is a challenging yet splendid 210km (130 mile) circular route, which visits most of the major dales in the Yorkshire Dales National Park.
Although it is designed to be started and finished in Skipton, it can be started at any point or even divided into sections depending on what suits you best.
It makes for a leisurely six day tour, but can be stretched out or shortened, making it into your own personalised route.
Hull to Driffield
This cycle route has plenty of traffic free sections and follows National Cycle route 1 through Yorkshire.
Beginning at the tourist information centre in Hull and join an off-road path shortly after which takes you through Stoneferry and West Carr before you cross the River Hull.
This route then continues through Cottingham and Beverley and a series of quiet country roads then takes you onto Driffield, where you can soak up views of the River Hull and Driffield canal.
Dalby Forest
Located on the Southern Slopes of the National Park, Dalby Forest offers a fantastic place to cycle in North Yorkshire.
There are 70km of cycle trails which snake across 8,000 acres, going up hill, down dale, weaving through the forest and across the moorland, with separate routes suitable for children, families and experienced mountain-bikers.
Boltby Forest
This large area of woodland, located on the western edge of the North York Moors is extremely popular with cyclists, mountain bikers and walkers.
Start off at the Sneck Yake, which is a couple of miles east of Boltby village, and explore the numerous miles of tracks, bridleways and footpaths, which offer superb views over the moors.
Doncaster to Sheffield
This scenic route follows the Trans Pennine Trail from Doncaster to Sheffield, where you can follow the River Don to Conisbrough, passing Sprotbrough Weir and Conisbrough Viaduct on the way.
The route then follows the River Dearne through Adwick and Bolton on Dearne, with Denaby Ings Nature Reserve being a particular highlight of this section. The route then continues to Elsecar and Chapeltown before the final section goes along the River Don and takes you into Sheffield.
Huddersfield to Leeds
This route follows the National Cycle route 66 through Yorkshire. Begin by following the Huddersfield Canal and the River Calder to Dewsbury before turning north towards Bradford.
Then continue to Shipley where you join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, which then takes you into Leeds. A fair amount of this route is traffic free, fairly flat and along waterside paths, which makes for a scenic and enjoyable ride.
CLAY COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A major water main break created problems in Clay County on Friday.
Scroll for more content...
The Brazil Police Department alerted people about the situation Friday afternoon.
An 18-inch main line burst near the Knightsville flashing lights.
That is just east to Brazil.
Water covered all lanes of US 40.
People in the Brazil area lost water for several hours.
A similar situation happened in late November.
Late Friday night, we talked to Brazil's mayor.
They say there is a boil order in effect for Brazil, Carbon, Center Point, Harmony, and Knightsville.
It is in effect until further notice.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, South Philadelphia String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances.
Tauranga: Promising opener Manjot Kalra's unbeaten 101 guided India to their fourth ICC Under 19 World Cup triumph, as the boys-in-blue beat Australia by eight wickets in the summit clash at the Bay Oval here on Saturday.
Adjudged the man-of-the-match, Manjot blasted an unbeaten 102-ball 101, studded with eight fours and three sixes, and, more importantly, was engaged in three half-century partnerships that denied Australia any hope of a comeback in the match.
Chasing a modest 217, India got off to a flier with Manjot and skipper Prithvi Shaw (29 off 41; 4X4) piling up 71 runs for the opening stand.
India's chase was briefly halted by rain after just four overs, but Manjot and Prithvi ensured they kept their focus and after coming back they batted out the initial few overs before cutting loose.
WITH GREAT TEAM WORK, BIG DREAMS WORK. Congratulations to our WORLD CHAMPIONS!! We are proud of you. A big congratulation to Rahul and Paras for their guidance. #ICCU19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/w0heorY8g6 - Sachin Tendulkar (@sachin_rt) February 3, 2018
Every Indian is delighted, all credit to Rahul Dravid for committing themselves to these young kids ,and a legend like them deserves to lay their hands on the WC. Only Fitting. #INDvAUS - Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
For me the scene of the day is the entire bunch jumping behind Rahul Dravid while they are on air!! That's some amount of space and freedom of expression in the young team! Kudos to Rahul for that. -Anirudh Chaudhry (@AnirudhChaudhry) February 3, 2018
Just when the Indian pair threatened to take the match away, pacer Will Sutherland drew first blood for the Australians by rattling Shaw's off-stump.
Shaw's dismissal brought in the centurion of the semi-final against Pakistan, Man-of-the-Tournament Shubman Gill (31 off 30; 4X4), who raised 60 runs for the second wicket with Manjot before perishing to off-spinner Param Uppal.
This was unfortunately Gill's first below-50 score in the tournament but wicketkeeper-batsman Harvik Desai (47 not out off 61; 4X5) ensured there were no more hiccups in India's road to the title.
With India just five runs shy from the title, Manjot got to their personal landmark, punching one down to square leg for a single even as the celebrations began on the sidelines with the Rahul Dravid-led side romping home in 38.5 overs.
Congratulations to the Indian team on dominating the #U19WorldCup and being the deserved champions. Everyone stood up and maintained the intensity throughout the tournament. Truly memorable win. Cherish and soak in this moment. #INDvAUS - VVS Laxman (@VVSLaxman281) February 3, 2018
Great performance boys. You were ahead by a country mile all the way. Enjoy the moment #INDvAUS #U19CWCFinal pic.twitter.com/tuXpI9oRY7 - Ravi Shastri (@RaviShastriOfc) February 3, 2018
Earlier, electing to bat after winning the toss, Australia rode on Jonathan Merlo's steady 102-ball 76, laced with six boundaries, to set a modest 216-run total.
Australia lost their three top batsmen with just 59 runs on the board, thanks to pacer Ishan Porel's twin strikes early on.
Porel's victims included the openers Max Bryant (14) and Jack Edwards (28) before Kamlesh Nagarkoti joined the party by removing the skipper Jason Sangha for an unlucky 13 off 24 balls.
Thereafter, Merlo and Param Uppal (34) steadied the team with a 75-run fourth wicket stand which saw them going past the 100-run mark, before left-arm spinner Anukul Roy ended Uppal's 58-ball stay with a brilliant catch in their own follow through.
Tottering at 134/4, Merlo was joined in by Nathan McSweeney (23), who added 49 runs for the fifth wicket before meeting the same fate as Uppal, this time caught and bowled by the other spinner Shiva Singh.
Despite losing their partners at the other end, Merlo continued to torment the Indians, raising their maiden half century off 60 balls by chopping a slower delivery from Porel for a single to sweeper cover.
Merlo, however, succumbed under the pressure of scoring quick runs, when they attempted a reverse sweep off Roy only to manage a top-edge for Shiva to grab at sweeper cover, even as Australia's hopes were dashed after losing the last five wickets for just 33 runs.
For the boys-in-blue, Ishan Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy took two wickets each while Shivam Mavi grabbed one.
As fundraisers go, this is one of the sweetest around.
And it's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included. Cupcakes for animal welfare. And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends.
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as, well - cupcakes! In fact, we're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day, coming up fast Feb. 27, all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need.
Now in its fifth year, National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA, and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada.
In 2016, animal lovers across Canada raised over $615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies.
The campaign has raised $1.85 million to date.
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers, friends and family. Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host's choice in exchange for a cupcake! By doing so, you're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused, abandoned, neglected or no longer wanted.
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere, and on any date in February.
“National Cupcake Day is fun, delicious and, best of all, it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty,” says celebrity chef Anna Olson, host of the Food Network's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘Cupcake Crusader' for the campaign. “The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community, ensuring that their life-saving work continues.”
I can't add to that. I'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around.
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started. And follow the details on the sidebar if you're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day, too.
***
How you can get involved:
1. Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2. Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online.
3. Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends, family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts.
4. Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre, encouraging them to show their support by donating online.
5. Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home, work, school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes.
6. Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday, Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you.
7. Bake, decorate and eat!
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register, bake and donate.
Some sweet inspiration:
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section, or substitute frozen berries if you cannot source. Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario.
Cupcakes:
1 cup (250mL) all-purpose flour
1 tsp. (5mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) salt
1/3 cup (75mL) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (175mL) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp. (2 mL) vanilla
1/4 cup (60 mL) milk
3/4 cup (175mL) diced rhubarb (about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm)
Icing:
1/4 cup (60 mL) cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp. (15mL) butter, at room temperature
3 Tbsp. (45mL) strawberry jam
2 cups (500mL) icing sugar, sifted
2 tsp. (10mL) milk
Strawberry jam (optional)
Line a muffin pan with paper liners; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, using electric mixer, beat butter until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla and beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in flour mixture, alternating with milk, just until smooth. Stir in rhubarb. Using ice cream scoop or large spoons, spoon batter into prepared muffin pan, filling about 3/4 full.
Bake in 350F (180C) oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely.
ICING: In medium bowl, using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Beat in jam. Add icing sugar and milk; beat until very smooth. Spread icing over cooled cupcakes (or use piping bag). If desired, drizzle a bit of strawberry jam (thinned with a bit of water), over icing. Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) light brown sugar
3 eggs, separated
1 tsp (5mL) vanilla
1/2 tsp. (2mL) almond extract
1 cup (250mL) coarsely grated carrots (about 3 medium)
1-1/2 cups (375mL) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (125mL) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp. (5mL) baking soda
1/2 tsp. (2mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup (250mL) buttermilk
1/3 cup (75mL) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) icing sugar
2/3 cup (150mL) cocoa powder
1/4 cup (60 mL) buttermilk
1 tsp. (5mL) vanilla
Decoration:
Half pkg. (8 oz/227 g pkg) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer, beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) of brown sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, vanilla and almond extract; beat again. Stir in carrots. Set aside.
In large bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and nutmeg. Fold into butter mixture, alternate with buttermilk, making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Fold in chocolate chips.
In separate bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) brown sugar until stiff. Gently fold into batter until just blended. Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake in 375F (190C) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch. Let cool completely on rack.
ICING: In bowl, beat together butter, icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth. Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cooled cupcakes.
TOPPING: Knead marzipan to soften. Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange. Form into 12 small carrot shapes. Roll edge of small knife around each carrot, making light indentations. Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick; press fresh carrot greens (leaf) into hole.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind!
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups (375mL) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup (175mL) milk
1/4 cup (60mL) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups (250g) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp. (1mL) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F (190C) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper.
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp, flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking, about 8 minutes in total. Drain bacon on a paper towel, but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats. Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add pumpkin puree, milk, oil and egg and pulse until smooth. Add flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste.
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “puppy paw” shapes onto prepared trays. To do this, first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in. (36 mm) across, and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base, to maketoes. Bake treats for about 15 minutes, until they lift easily from tray. Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container.
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container (unrefrigerated) or they can be frozen indefinitely.
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats.
UPDATE: More Records Could Be Released Related To The Departure Of Former Bryan ISD Superintendent
Update:
Bryan school board president Trey Moore issued a statement that more records could be released related to last September's departure of former superintendent Tommy Wallis.
Here is Moore's statement, released by Bryan ISD:
“The Attorney General's opinion allowing the release of some information pertaining to the separation of Dr. Tommy Wallis from Bryan ISD is encouraging. The public has a strong desire and a right to know how their district is governed and their funds are spent. In the fullness of time, the Attorney General may allow additional information to be disclosed that would present a much more complete picture as to the causes for that separation beyond the very limited scope of what has been released today.”
Original story:
The departure of former Bryan school superintendent Tommy Wallis started with a private meeting involving the school board president and the district's number two administrator.
That meeting, which was recorded, along with e-mails following the meeting, were provided by the district through an open records request by WTAW News.
On September 19th, Wallis was presented paperwork that their lawyers later stated evaluated their performance by four other central office administrators.
During the same meeting, Wallis was told they had applied for 17 other positions while in Bryan.
Board member Doug Wunneburger, who was president at the time, told Wallis what upset them the most was “the betrayal of trust”.
Offering Wallis full pay through June 30th 2016 if they resigned, Wunneburger said “I'm pretty certain that the board will support me on this. And if you don't accept these terms, I can't guarantee what they (the board) will do.”
Wunneburger also called on Wallis to leave the building and surrender their work computers, their district ID, their district keycard, and their district credit card.
Wallis was told they could return later to collect their personal belongings, and they were instructed not to contact Bryan ISD staff.
Deputy superintendent Tim Rocka suggested to Wallis what would happen if they did not take the buyout, telling Wallis “You have broken your contract. No one wants to ruin your life or your reputation. And no one wants to go out and have a public vote to do anything like that.”
According to e-mails released by Bryan ISD, Wallis initially wanted the equivalent of one year's salary and benefits…about $278,000 dollars. The final settlement was about $83,000 dollars.
Wallis is currently an interim high school principal in Missouri City, working for the Fort Bend ISD at Hightower High School.
WTAW News has sent a text to Wallis and an e-mail to their lawyers asking for a response.
Click below to hear the September 19, 2016 conversation involving Doug Wunneburger, Tommy Wallis, and Tim Rocka.
The recording was provided by Bryan ISD through an open records request by WTAW News.
The conversation took place in the superintendent's office. At the end of the recording, there is the sound of closing doors after Dr. Rocka left the office.
Click HERE to read and download the voluntary separation agreement approved by the Bryan school board and Tommy Wallis.
Below is a screen shot of an e-mail provided by Bryan ISD as part of an open records request by WTAW News. This email was sent September 22, 2016 by Tommy Wallis's lawyer to lawyers representing Bryan ISD.
Utah County sheriff resigns amid budget dispute
PROVO, Utah (AP) — Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy is abruptly resigning this month after what they said was lack of communication from county leaders over a budget shortfall of up to $1 million.
Tracy said at a County Commission meeting Tuesday he'd need to reduce the jail's capacity by 128 beds and lay off as many as 20 employees because of a budget gap.
Commission Chairman Nathan Ivie said the sheriff's office can reassign money from other funds or seek federal assistance to avoid major layoffs or close part of the jail.
Tracy says the shortfall is largely due to costly medical needs of one inmate.
Tracy was planning to retire at the end of their term in January.
Republican and Pleasant Grove Police Chief Mike Smith is the only candidate on the November ballot to replace Tracy as sheriff.
South Australian senator Lucy Gichuhi has given the Turnbull government a handy boost ahead of parliament's return by joining the Liberal Party.
The crossbencher, who was catapulted into federal parliament following the disqualification of former Family First senator Bob Day, believes joining the Liberals is the best way to serve South Australia.
"The enemy of the best is the good," Senator Gichuhi said in a statement.
"Independence can be very good, however in my view, interdependence is much better and I've chosen to join the Liberal Party team."
The shock move eases the coalition's pain in the sometimes unruly Senate, reducing the size of the crossbench and raising its numbers to 30.
The government will now require the votes of nine of 11 crossbenchers to pass legislation opposed by Labor and the Greens, rather than 10 of 12.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull welcomed the "inspirational" new Liberal member to the party on Friday afternoon outside parliament.
"She is a true Australian success story and we are honoured that they have chosen to join the Liberal Party," Mr Turnbull said.
"Lucy's values are fundamentally Liberal values; freedom of choice, conscience, thought and belief, a fair go, mutual obligation and contributing to society."
Senator Gichuhi took Bob Day's seat following a vote recount after they were ruled ineligible to stand for election.
They then quit Family First after it merged with the Australian Conservatives.
Them defection is another boost for Mr Turnbull after the resignation of Labor MP David Feeney who was unable to prove they were no longer a British citizen.
The Greens are a big chance to win the by-election in Mr Feeney's Melbourne seat of Batman, which would give the government some breathing space in the lower house where it currently holds a one-seat majority.
Penn State football fans gathered to watch the annual Blue-White Game on Saturday and noticed a new face on the field: 25-year-old Brooke Fisher.
The Bald Eagle, Pennsylvania, woman gathered in a huddle with the White team during the annual exhibition game at Beaver Stadium before running 22 yards and scoring a touchdown during a fan contest between the first and second quarters, the Centre Daily Times reports.
“A lot of people said they thought [the players] were getting ready to do a new play, then before they knew it Brooke was running down the field!” Fisher's mother, Margie, tells PEOPLE. Video footage of the play showed Fisher spiking the football and breaking into a dance after the touchdown.
Courtesy Margie Fisher
“At that moment, they realized they were being celebrated. It was a moment to really enjoy, the [Nittany] Lion was there hugging her! There was about 71,000 people there cheering. They embrace the applause … they felt them moment.”
Fisher has long been a Penn State football fan, and even leads a presentation about Down syndrome at the school. They have sung the national anthem at other university sporting events, and Penn State football coach James Franklin often invites them to the popular games.
So,when P. J. Mullen, the team's community relations director, approached Fisher and their mother about the stunt two weeks before the scrimmage, the beloved Penn State fan was immediately on board.
“She said, ‘Oh yeah! I'll do that, mom,' ” Margie recalls, adding that Fisher knows a thing or two about playing football. “She knows the routine of running, passing and touchdowns. We've been to numerous games; Brooke definitely understood the concept.”
In the days since their shining moment, Fisher has watched footage of the play several times, Margie tells PEOPLE.
“Brooke moves on after things pretty smoothly, whether it's a good thing or a bad thing. But seeing the video — she's watched it several times and gets the biggest grin on their face,” their mom says. “I'm so glad we have that to hold on to because it was just so much fun. It's not something I want them to move on from.”
Speech to Text for Tuesday Late Forecast
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
southeast wind 5 to 7 mph becoming calm after midnight. independence day partly sunny and hot, with a high near 92. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning. wednesday night partly cloudy, with a low around 74. light south southeast wind. [d4]kevin throws to break good evening.. when you're trying to get into the major leagues.. you only have a small opportunity to make an impression.. and houston's a-j reed didn't of showers and thunderstorms. mostly cloudy, with a low around 73. south southeast wind 5 to 7 mph becoming calm after midnight. independence day partly sunny and hot, with a high near 92. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning. wednesday night partly cloudy, with a low around 74. light south southeast wind. good evening.. when you're trying to get into the major leagues.. you of showers and thunderstorms. mostly cloudy, with a low around 73. south southeast wind 5 to 7 mph becoming calm after midnight. independence day partly sunny and hot, with a high near 92. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning. wednesday night partly cloudy, with a low around 74. light south southeast wind. good evening.. when you're trying
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump ordered the release of a controversial Republican-written memo that accuses the feds of illegally spying on a former campaign aide Carter Page — defying their own appointees in the FBI and Justice Department.
Soon afterwards, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released the document, which is based on classified information and alleges the FBI abused US government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference.
Camera Icon The Republican memo released by Congress is displayed on a journalist's computer screen at a newsroom in Washington DC. Picture: AFP
The memo states that Christopher Steele — a former MI-5 agent and Russia specialist — bore a personal grudge against Mr Trump, quoting Mr Steele as telling a Justice Department official that they “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.”
It states that the FBI abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) by using claims in the Steele dossier about Mr Trump's alleged ties to Russia.
Camera Icon The second page of a four page memo. Picture: AP Camera Icon The first page of a four page memo. Picture: AP
The four-page memo was drafted by Republicans on the committee chaired by Devin Nunes of California.
They claim that the FBI and the Justice Department did not disclose to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) that the dossier had been paid for by Trump's political opponents, including Hillary Clinton.
Camera Icon The fourth page of a four page memo. Picture: AP, Supplied Camera Icon Te third page of a four page memo. Picture: AP
Nunes also writes that former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe testified to the House Intelligence Committee that the FBI would not have gone to the FISC without the Steele dossier, although it doesn't provide a quote of their testimony.
The memo also states that current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who's overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation, applied for permission to continue surveillance of Mr Page at least once.
Camera Icon John McCain has blasted Donald Trump decision to release the memo. Picture: Supplied
The FBI, Justice Department and Democrats furiously lobbied Mr Trump to stop the release.
They said it could harm national security and mislead the public.
The FBI said it had “grave concerns” about the memo's accuracy, while Democrats said the memo is a blatant attempt by Mr Trump and House Republicans to discredit Mr Mueller's investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
“A lot of people should be ashamed.” Mr Trump told reporters. “I think it's a disgrace, what's happening in our country.”
Republican Senator John McCain, who is fighting brain cancer, released a statement from their hospital bed blasting the release of the memo.
“Elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this [Russia] investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” Sen. McCain said in a statement.
They added that “the latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's.”
They were one of a number of Republicans including Senator Lindsey Graham and Jeff Flake or Arizona who said the memo should not be released.
“We run the risk of exposing some sensitive sources and methods,” Republican Charlie Dent told NBC News. “I read the memos … and I would rather not release them.”
Camera Icon Deputy US Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein. Picture: AFP, Getty
The release of the memo has also been suggested to be a way to undermine Mr Rosenstein and potentially lead to their removal.
Asked if they still have confidence in Mr Rosenstein, Mr Trump told reporters, “you figure that one out.”
Shortly before Mr Trump declassified the memo they slammed the FBI and the Justice Department for having “politicised” their investigations and favouring Democrats, the Post reports.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicised the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” Mr Trump tweeted.
It appears Congress will release the memo later today, though House Intelligence Committee.
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump. Picture: AFP Camera Icon Republican Devin Nunes wrote the memo. Picture: AFP
Chairman Devin Nunes and other Republicans have been eager to make it public despite objections from FBI agents.
In a statement released on Wednesday, the FBI made a rare statement, saying it was worried about the information the memo has omitted.
“The FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it,” the bureau said in a statement before the memo was made public. “As expressed during our initial review, we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
Camera Icon FBI Director Christopher Wray may quit if President Trump releases the memo. Picture: AFP, Getty Images/AFP
Mr Trump's condemnation of top FBI and Justice officials comes as senior White House officials are worried that FBI Director Christopher Wray may quit now that the memo has been released.
Mr Trump also tweeted a quote from Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton, who described how Justice officials used their authority to spy on their campaign.
“‘You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.' Tom Fitton, JW,' ” Mr Trump wrote.
James Comey also tweeted about the FBI report, writing: “American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
Despite Mr Trump's accusations that the FBI report shows bias towards the Democrats, they seem to have forgotten that Mr Comey made a decision 11 days before the 2016 election to disclose that the FBI was reviewing more Hillary Clinton emails.
Camera Icon Hillary Clinton is thought to have lost the 2016 election after James Comey announced the FBI was reviewing more of their emails. Picture: AFP, AFP / ANGELA WEISS
The FBI concluded days later that there was nothing additional of concern in the emails.
But the decision to re-open the topic of Mrs Clinton's emails is considered by many to have contributed to their narrow loss against Mr Trump, including by Mrs Clinton herself.
This article first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
BRISBANE Roar intend to complete a significant step on their road to W-League redemption on Sunday by claiming their first piece of silverware since 2013.
Powerhouses of the W-League in the competition's formative years, the Roar have slipped down the pecking order in recent seasons.
Finishing seventh last season was a genuine wake-up call for Brisbane, who have turned their fortunes around so much that they only need a draw on Sunday at Suncorp Stadium against Canberra United to clinch the premiership and put themselves in the driving seat for the finals series.
Camera Icon Roar players Katrina Gory, Emily Gielnik, Clare Polkinghorne and Hayley Raso. (Adam Head) Picture: News Corp Australia
“It feels like we've been rewarded for what we've been through in the past couple of seasons,” Roar midfielder and Matildas star Katrina Gorry said.
“For the group of us that have stuck it out, this season's been really special. We've been consistent and we've stuck together.
“To see how far the club has come in the past couple of months and how much more success we've had, it's definitely pretty special to put on this jersey.”
Camera Icon Roar have battled hard to reach this point. (Mark Brake/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Roar skipper and Matildas great Clare Polkinghorne said while last season was tough, it also served to “set the foundation” for the current campaign and beyond.
“We haven't been in this position for a while and it's nice to be in the position that we are,” Polkinghorne said.
“The ball's in our court now, so we've just got to make sure we perform the way we have been all season and make sure that we do the job.”
Sunday's match kicks off at 3.30pm and is the first game in a double-header that includes the Roar's A-League battle with Melbourne City at 6pm.
MUMBAI, April 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Indian activists who rely on social media to share information in times of tension are being frustrated by a wave of internet shutdowns, with 22 sites closed in Kashmir this week alone.
The clampdown in India - only Iraq closes as many sites each year - has hit doctors who treat rural patients via WhatsApp, and silenced journalists covering street protests.
"It impacts crisis response and fuels rumours that can trigger further violence," said Ramanjit Singh Chima at Access Now, an advocacy group that is backing a global #KeepitOn campaign against the wave of internet shutdowns.
"At the same time, it prevents journalists from freely reporting, and citizens from sharing information." Chima said a whole new way of information sharing was hit by the clampdown, citing examples of ordinary people offering shelter to their peers or relief agencies sourcing information from the ground during terror attacks and disasters.
HUMAN SHIELD
This week, the northern state of Kashmir ordered the shutdown of 22 social media sites, mobile phone message applications and video sites following street protests against alleged abuses by Indian forces..
The ban includes Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Skype, Reddit and YouTube.
The home ministry says shutdowns help check violence.
"Messages and images that are spread through social media platforms during communal tension and ethnic conflicts can lead to such situations spiralling out of control. There is no option but to suspend the internet," an official said.
Street protests have flared in recent weeks as thousands of Kashmiris vent anger against alleged abuses by Indian forces after a video emerged of a local man tied to the front of an army jeep and used as a human shield.
The video circulated widely on social media, as have images of students throwing stones at security forces.
While Kashmir has often shut mobile internet services during previous times of unrest, banning social media is a first.
"It's a dangerous trend," Chinmayi Arun, executive director at advocacy Centre for Communication Governance in Delhi, said.
SWITCHOFF
Besides Kashmir, where shutdowns have sometimes lasted weeks, internet clampdowns have also hit Gujarat, Haryana, Bihar, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Few countries rely so heavily on the internet, be it to conduct business, share information or socialise.
India is the world's largest internet consumer base after China, and a majority of its 450 million subscribers access the internet through a mobile handset.
Along with Iraq, India had the most internet shutdowns in the world last year, according to the U.S.-based Brookings Institution. Economic losses from shutdowns in the year to June 2016 totalled $968 million, the most for any country, it said.
But the clampdown also hurts free speech, denies poorer citizens access to health advice and curtails online educational opportunities, said Mishi Choudhary, legal counsel at advocacy Software Freedom Law Centre in Delhi.
"With an increasing number of services being pushed online, and the preference for a cashless economy, internet shutdowns hurt small businesses and poorer individuals most," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Doctors are cut off from chatting online with patients and are unable to access patient data or seek second opinions on cases, said Lubna Khan, a physician and activist.
"We are unable to provide care when and where it is needed. We are in a pathetic state," they said. (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Authorities on Wednesday charged two men from San Bernardino County with breaking into a Covina business earlier this week.
Benjamin Alvillar, 40, of Ontario and Francisco Rodriguez, 25, of Rialto were scheduled to be arraigned on a felony count of second-degree commercial burglary at West Covina Superior Court, according to Sarah Ardalani, a spokesperson for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.
according to Sarah Ardalani, a spokesperson for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.She said the DA's Offce declined to file charges against a third suspect, Christopher Mendoza, 24, of San Bernardino, due to insufficient evidence.
The case stems from a Monday burglary at Vanier Manufacturing Inc. in the 600 block of Arrow Grand Circle in Covina..
Covina police Lt. Trevor Gaumer said an officer who responded to an alarm call at the business saw a car leaving the area. As the car was turning the corner, they said one of the occupants tossed out blue gloves.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
The officer pulled over the car and saw tools used in burglaries inside the vehicle, according to Gaumer.
They said police discovered the business had been broken into. Police also found a tool belt outside.
Alvillar, Mendoza, Rodriguez were arrested on suspicion of commercial burglary.
Republic Chemical Industries (RCI), Inc., known for its famous brands such as Pioneer Epoxies, Mighty Bond and Pioneer Pro construction chemicals, has formally announced its change of corporate name to Pioneer Adhesives, Inc., aligning the company and its product lines into a more popular, unified and stronger brand identity.
The new corporate name was introduced in the recent Pioneer Adhesives' National Conference FY18 in Bohol, and was physically unveiled in the 60th year special celebration at Pioneer's LMS manufacturing complex in Canlubang. Leading the launch of new name and logo were Pioneer Adhesives, Inc.'s Chairman and CEO John W. Spakowski II, COO Edwin T Avillon, and Pioneer Adhesives Foundation, Inc.'s Executive Director Martina M. Spakowski.
“It's just logical to change our name to be more synonymous with our more popular brand name,” John Spakowski II said in their celebratory speech, relating to the company's well-known brands which have been top market shareholders for the last several decades. “It's also psychologically stronger and stirs more emotion to rename our company to be synonymous with our pioneering spirit, which is our culture.”
Spakowski also emphasized the high potential synergy of Pioneer Adhesives, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Pioneer Special Building Systems, Inc. which has also made a dominant name for itself in the Property Development Sector.
Pioneer Adhesives, Inc. is an ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System) and 14001:2015 (Environmental Management System) certified company. It is proud of its green product range which have low volatile organic contents well below the world's standards. These products are produced in a facility which uses renewable solar energy and its Pioneer Adhesives Foundation is actively involved in environmental initiatives and educational assistance.
Celebrating the 60th year along with the change of corporate name, Pioneer Adhesives, Inc. recently gathered its employees, business partners, and associates in a grand celebration of “Samahang Matibay, Samahang Pioneer” at the Solaire Resort and Casino.
About Pioneer Adhesives, Inc.
Pioneer Adhesives, Inc., formerly Republic Chemical Industries, Inc., is a Filipino-owned manufacturing and distribution company, a leader in the marketplace of adhesives, sealants and coatings in the country, which is also present in Malaysia, India, Indonesia, Vietnam and Australia. They are best known with their famous brands like Pioneer Epoxies, Mighty Bond and Pioneer Pro construction chemicals. To learn more about Pioneer Adhesives Inc., visit www.pioneer-adhesives.com, or email info@pioneer-adhesives.com.
March 30 East West Banking Corp:
* Appointment of Antonio C Moncupa as vice-chairperson
* Antonio C. Moncupa remains as CEO of the bank
* Board of directors approved appointment of Jesus Roberto S. Reyes to president and deputy chief executive officer
* Appointment of Maria Rita Daniela M. Nisperos, as senior vice president and head of bank marketing and corporate communications Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sinopec Oilfield Service Corp:
* ‍UPDATES ON UNUSUAL PRICE MOVEMENTS IN A SHARES TRADING​
* ‍CONFIRMS THAT CURRENT PRODUCTIONS AND OPERATIONS OF COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLED SUBSIDIARIES ARE RUNNING SMOOTHLY​
* ‍NO MAJOR CHANGES MADE IN MARKET ENVIRONMENT OR INDUSTRY POLICY & INTERNAL PRODUCTION & OPERATION ORDER OF CO IS NORMAL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ST. CLOUD, Minn. (AP) — A central Minnesota man now faces first-degree murder charges in the killings of their grandparents, who had taken them into their home.
A Stearns County grand jury on Tuesday indicted 33-year-old Gregory Scheel on four counts of first-degree murder and two counts of second-degree murder in the deaths of 93-year-old Wilbert Scheel and 80-year-old Gloria Scheel, of Paynesville. Their bodies were found last month along a road in nearby Kandiyohi County.
Scheel earlier was charged by complaint with second-degree murder in their grandparents' deaths. A first-degree murder conviction carries a life sentence in Minnesota.
Scheel is scheduled to make their first court appearance on the indictment Wednesday. They remain jailed with bail set at $3 million with no conditions or $1.5 million with conditions.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
B.C. voters will be given three new voting systems to choose from in the mail-in referendum on proportional representation this fall.
Attorney General David Eby has decided the ballot will contain two questions, the first being a choice between the current “first past the post” system for choosing MLAs, and a proportional representation system.
The second question is a choice of three systems, determined after review of more than 90,000 submissions. They are:
• Dual member proportional, where neighbouring pairs of districts in B.C. would be combined into one two-member constituencies, except for the larger rural districts, which would remain unchanged.
• Mixed member proportional, which combines single-member districts with party list candidates, added to give each party the number of seats determined by their share of the province-wide vote in an election.
• Rural-urban proportional representation, with multi-member districts for urban and semi-urban areas, with voters choosing their MLA on a ranked ballot. In rural areas, a mixed-member proportional system using candidate lists chosen by parties would be used.
The complexity of the options means voters will not have an official map of the new voting districts when they make their choice. Eby said if voters choose to change to a new system, the district boundaries would be determined by the independent Electoral Boundaries Commission.
B.C. Liberal leader Andrew Wilkinson called the options an “alphabet soup” of systems, some never heard of before. They said Premier John Horgan broke two promises, including one in last year's election campaign to offer people a simple yes-or-no choice.
The other was that regional representation would be protected in the referendum, which will now be decided in a simple majority of province-wide results where rural regions of the province are vastly outnumbered by urban centres.
“You'll notice that they've launched this question the day before the legislature is scheduled to rise for the summer,” Wilkinson said. “That is a sleazy and manipulative step that they've taken to avoid public debate on this issue.”
Eby said their recommendation to cabinet is that parties that receive less than five per cent of the total popular vote would not get an MLA.
They said organizations in favour of proportional representation and in favour of the current system are “ready to go” and they hope to have the formal campaign underway as soon as Elections BC can administer it.
Advocacy organizations will have a spending limit of $200,000 each and political parties will be subject to the same restrictions as an election, with no corporate or union donations permitted.
Details of the options are in the government's release here.
Town of Essex council notes for Monday, December 4
by Sylene Argent and Adam Gault
Staff member recognized
The Town of Essex recognized Norm Nussio, Assistant Manager of Operations/Drainage, for earning the Certified Road Supervisor (CRS) Certification, which recognized a high standard of education in public works, through the Association of Ontario Road Supervisors.
Mayor Ron McDermott, upon congratulating Nussio, noted they are one of around 1400 individuals who have earned this certification.
Nussio has been working for the Town of Essex for three years. Chris Nepszy, Director of Infrastructure and Development, said Nussio has successfully applied their life skills to their work with the municipality.
Bondy presented Ward 4 feedback form
Councillor Sherry Bondy presented the results from the Ward 4 feedback forms they recently distributed to residents in Harrow. They received 40 back.
The feedback form they submitted to Council included “the good,” “the bad,” and “the ugly.”
In their presentation, Bondy highlighted new stores, the Essex Communities in Bloom planted flowers, good maintenance of parks, and garbage/recycling/snow removal services, were just some of the accolades the town received in the feedback form.
Some of the bad feedback included the lack of development at the junior school, bad press due to council relations, condition of County Road 20, standards of certain properties, electricity outages, empty store fronts, speeders and speed limits.
Some of the ugly feedback they received included tax increases paired with MPAC assessments, people dumping kittens on other properties, and the need for more sidewalks.
Councillor Randy Voakes suggested Bondy send Council a prioritized item list of outstanding issues so if there is anything Council needs to work on, it can be. That way Bondy's work would not go by the wayside.
Bondy concluded some of the items are being worked on. For instance, Councillor Larry Snively has contacted the OPP regarding speeding down the third concession for more monitoring.
Council received the presentation.
ELK presentation postponed
Essex Council rescinded the motion made at the November 20 meeting that would have the Town ask representatives of ELK Energy Inc. to come to Council to publicly explained why many of its service users have experienced power-outages lately.
At the ELK Board meeting on Thursday, November 30, the Board directed its CEO Mike Audet to contact Hydro One to figure out where the problem is coming from.
Audet, it was said, had a meeting with two senior officers of Hydro One from Toronto the following morning.
Mayor Ron McDermott, “To keep this out of the paper and everything, and to keep it low key, having spoke with Mr. Audet, they have a meeting with Hydro One tomorrow morning with regards to our complaints and everything.”
Councillor Randy Voakes, who sits on the ELK Board, said they wanted to clear the air. They said the meeting with Council would not have been fruitful as the ELK Board is what directs the service. The intent of the meeting was not to keep it out of the media or low key, it was to expedite the process.
After the meeting with Hydro One, Audet will report back to Council at an upcoming Council meeting.
CAO Donna Hunter said the meeting with Hydro One will be used to try and identify the problem.
Information was gathered to prepare for the meeting with Hydro One to prove the extent of the issue.
Councillor Voakes said service users will get a letter providing them with info on the situation. They said it may not be an expeditious fix.
Fire Chief recognized with Canada 150 Medal
Essex Council received correspondence from MP Tracey Ramsey that noted Essex Fire Chief Rick Arnel will be awarded with a Canada 150 Medal Award.
The awards presentation will be held on December 18th at the Atlas Tube Centre.
Questions about auto-shredder fluff
Essex Council moved to have Clerk Robert Auger look into finding a professional who could determine how much auto-shredder fluff coverage should be used at the local landfill.
Deputy Mayor Richard Meloche explained Essex Council has talked about this issue in the past. They said the Essex Windsor Solid Waste Authority uses clay or auto-shredder fluff to cover refuse at the end of each day to cover odour. There are no guidelines to how much auto-shredder fluff is needed for this process.
They said the Town is questioning the amount of fluff used. Going back 7-8 years ago, Meloche said to their understanding, somewhere between 15-20 percent of every tonne that came into the landfill was shredder fluff. Questions were then asked what percentage was needed, but found out there were no guidelines to that.
Meloche said Council at that time did not want to get an expert to find out what that percentage should be.
Essex receives financial incentive for the landfill, but does not get paid for the auto-shredder fluff added.
The Essex Windsor Solid Waste Authority does. They did not know the dollar amount that would be, but has requested that information.
Development Charges for commercial properties
At the November 20 meeting, Councillor Randy Voakes brought a Notice of Motion forward to have a report come from administration that would highlight commercial development in recent years. It was hoped that the report will direct Council as to whether or not it should consider waiving development charges for commercial development. It currently does not have development charges for industrial development.
After discussion, Council agreed to have administration provide a report to highlight commercial development by ward within the Municipality of Essex in 2015-17 so Council could consider possibly waiving development charges for commercial properties.
Human Resources Provides a report on Bill 148
Tara McGowan, the Human Resources Manager for the Town of Essex, provided a presentation and breakdown of the changes and impacts Bill 148 would have on Essex, namely in terms of direct costs.
The Bill know as the ‘Fair Workplaces, Better Jobs Act' will make various amendments to the Employment Standards Act.
The Bill had originally introduced a new entitlement for on-call pay. This requires an employer to proved three hours of pay for anyone required to be on-call, whether they came into work or not.
However, an exemption was made for essential public services, who will not be subject to the amendments of the Bill.
Costs to Essex for on-call pay will remain largely within the status quo.
As well, general minimum wage will increase to $14 an hour as of January 1. This should have a relatively small impact to the costs of the Town as Essex.
Rates paid for summer student positions will see the largest change.
The Bill was also make amendments to holiday pay, vacation time, scheduling, parental and sick leave.
The potential total cost impact of these changes is roughly $120,000.
Proposed Revisions to Zoning By-Law 1037
Policy Planner Jeff Watson presented a report from the November 20 public meeting on potential revisions to Zoning Bylaw 1037.
“Only one person came to speak to the matter, and their concern was whether or not the proposal affected their development plans, and they do not,” Watson said.
Watson explained ERCA had recently reached out regarding the potential impact amending the zoning bylaw would have on the natural environmental policy.
“We've been working with the conservation authority to deal with that, and it will be part of the third part of our initial plan review, and that's something we'll be looking at in the spring of 2018,” Watson said.
The report was received, and approval was given for the preparation of an amending zoning bylaw.
Consulting Services for Essex Cross Connection Control Program
A motion passed that would allow Council to appoint preview inspections and consulting to provide a Cross Connection Control Program, and potentially revise the Town's existing Bylaw 321 to properly address the current Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change requirements with regards to backflow protection.
“It's something that's being pushed greatly as far as ensuring that when a business comes in, what type of backflow protection they need based on the requirements they have, how often do they have to monitor that program,” Chris Nepszy explained, who is the Director of Infrastructure and Development. “This has already been approved in the budget as far as costs go.”
Nepszy explained it would act as a sort of “one-time initialization” to get the Town set up with proper data collection on the subject, which the Town could maintain itself going forward.
Verbal report on grading operations on Given Road (Snake Lane)
Chris Nepszy, Director of Infrastructure and Development, provided a verbal report on grader issues on Given Road (Snake Lane) after concerns were raised on the road's condition by a resident at the previous council meeting.
It was concluded that several factors play a role in the continued issues with the road.
“The real underlying issue with Snake Lane is the subsurface, and the drainage, and the wet conditions of the area there,” Nepszy explained.
Grading is typically done in the spring and fall, and is dependant on how much traffic the road is receiving.
Meloche suggested that perhaps grading could be viewed as more of a specialized job, and have a one or two-person team be responsible for grading.
Regrets on behalf of Minister Hoskins
A letter was presented from the Office of the Minister of Health and Long Term Care, Eric Hoskins, regretting their inability to attend an Essex Council Meeting to discuss healthcare in our region.
“He responded back that they were too busy. What I really find ironic about this is that they were in Windsor on Friday and announced 2 billion dollars for the new mega-hospital,” Councillor Randy Voakes said of their request to the Minister for a meeting which was denied.
Voakes then provided further examples of overcrowding in hospital hallways, including, they claimed, medical procedures being performed in hospital hallways.
“I'm asking Council once again to send a letter that we won't accept that you're not coming,” Voakes said, putting forward a motion to send a second letter to the Minister.
Deputy Mayor Richard Meloche said they would support the second letter because he'd like to see it happen, but believes there's not a real chance the Minister would attend a session of Council.
The motion carried.
“The motion carries I think at 100 percent. Wow,” Mayor Ron McDermott said after the vote.
Voakes called a Point of Order, asking when they get full endorsement from Council why the Mayor, “in a derogatory way went, ‘wow.' Can you tell me why you did that?”
McDermott said they didn't think it would take that long. “It wouldn't have taken that long if you would quit rambling.”
Councillor Larry Snively called a Point of Order, asking Council to move on. “This is getting ridiculous,” they said.
Harrow Banner Poles
Councillor Sherry Bondy explained that after a meeting with the Harrow Chamber of Commerce, agreement was made regarding the placement of the banner poles on Queen Street between Munger and Sinasac.
There will be no further need to defer their placement.
NoM for possible CIP expansion
Councillor Sherry Bondy put a Notice of Motion forward that Council direct administration to expand the Community Improvement Plan (CIP) in Harrow to include the lands at the junior school and high school if possible. They would also like Council to explore if the demolition grant in the program could be greater than $6000.
Council will discuss this at the next meeting to be held on December 18.
NoM on fiber optics
Councillor Sherry Bondy put a Notice of Motion forward, which will be discussed at the December 18 meeting, to possibly direct administration to look at the feasibility of getting fiber optics in the municipality.
NoM on drainage
Councillor Larry Snively put a Notice of Motion forward that will have Council discuss drainage. They said we want to have administration provide information about the current bylaw and provide possible recommendations that pertain to built-up properties and affecting neighbours with water run-off.
This will be discussed at the December 18 Council meeting.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
A A
A driver wedged a sedan under an unloaded school bus near Skyview High School not long before classes ended Tuesday, gnarling traffic but resulting in no significant injuries.
Clark County sheriff's deputies and emergency personnel were called to Northwest 11th Avenue and Northwest 139th Street and found a white Toyota Camry wedged under a school bus. No children were on board, Vancouver Public Schools spokesperson Patt Nuzzo said.
According to emergency radio traffic monitored at The Columbian, no one was badly hurt, but the crash created a mess for traffic trying to get around or off campus as school was getting out.
Nuzzo said the bus had just dropped off students who were returning from a field trip.
[India], April 25 (ANI): The Rashtriya Basava Sena on Tuesday claimed that the Lingayat community in poll-bound Karnataka no longer sees former chief minister B.S. Yeddyurappa as a leader.
"Lingayats are not very supportive of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). This is mainly because, in spite of many people bagging seats in 2014, not many ministers were appointed to the central cabinet. While the BJP has indicated Yeddyurappa as its chief ministerial candidate, Lingayats do not see them as a leader and have no faith in them anymore. They are more supportive of incumbent chief minister Siddaramaiah, who has been a follower of Basava philosophy for many years," Rashtriya Basava Sena General Secretary AP Basavaraj told ANI.
Ahead of the Assembly polls in Karnataka, the Siddaramaiah-led government in March had declared minority status to the Lingayat community. However, the move was seen by many, including the Opposition, as one to garner votes in favour of the Congress Party. On a related note, Karnataka will go to polls on May 12 to elect representatives to the 225-member state assembly. The results will be out on May 15. (ANI)
GREENVILLE — Six Republican candidates for seats in the 80th and 84th district of the Ohio House of Representatives addressed the economy, the second amendment, the opioid crisis, and other issues at an event hosted by the Darke County League of Women Voters Monday evening.
Ohio's 80th District comprises Miami County and the southern portion of Darke County, while the 84th is comprised of the remainder of Darke, portions of Auglaize, and the entirety of Mercer County.
The Opioid Crisis
“We're losing 14 youngsters a day to opioids,” candidate George Lovett, of Tipp City, said during their introductory remarks. “It happened to my niece: they were prescribed painkillers by a doctor, and a few years later they were dead from an overdose.”
Lovett was quick to establish they are not anti-immigrant, while at the same time acknowledging where many of the drugs are coming from.
“We all come from immigrants one way or another,” Lovett said. “But the drugs are coming from Mexico, and it's not anti-immigration to say we need to stop that.”
Susan Manchester, of Auglaize County, believed the effects of the opioid crisis were inseparable from the state of Ohio's economy.
“I've talked to Ohio employers, and one thing I keep hearing is that they can't find workers who can pass a drug test,” Manchester said.
Of the six candidates, Lovett, Manchester, and Jena Powell, of Greenville, listed dealing with the opioid crisis as one of their top three priorities upon taking office.
The Second Amendment
The candidates were fairly uniform in their stance on Second Amendment issues, all saying they would not vote for any restrictions on firearm ownership beyond those that are already in place. Manchester and attorney Travis Faber, of Celina, both stressed the importance of addressing the root causes of gun violence, including putting funding into treatment for mental illness.
“Any child who's going to take a gun into school is a child that's in a lot of pain,” Manchester said.
Lovett, meanwhile, suggested looking to groups with a better record on gun violence in order to figure out what they may be doing right.
“Look at Israel,” Lovett said. “Much higher percentage of gun ownership, but they don't have the problems with violence we do. Look at the Post Office – we've all heard the phrase, ‘going postal.' But when was the last time you actually heard about something like that happening? What are they doing?”
Of the six candidates, Faber, Manchester, and Aaron Heilers, of Shelby County, listed protecting Second Amendment rights as being one of their top three priorities if they were elected.
The Economy
Of the six candidates, five listed economic issues as one of their top three priorities upon taking office. Several stressed the importance of smaller government and lower taxes, with Faber and Powell in particular focusing on the role of government regulation.
“We need to get government out of the way,” Faber said. “Ohio has a stack of regulations on businesses that's seven feet high: that's twice as many regulations as all the states that surround us.”
“It's very hard to run a company in the environment we're in,” Powell, who co-owns a business in downtown Greenville with their brother, agreed. “Government doesn't create jobs, and it never will.”
County Commissioner John O'Brien, of Miami County, stressed their record, saying their county has reduced utility usage and has the lowest sales tax in the area. “During my three terms, we balanced budgets during good times and bad,” O'Brien said.
Education
Lovett and O'Brien listed education as one of their top three priorities, with O'Brien stressing the importance of “not telling teachers what to teach.” Lovett, meanwhile, spoke about workforce development.
“Not all youngsters can go to college,” Lovett said. “And we need to work harder to identify those kids and connect them with positions in the workforce.”
Heilers expressed similar sentiments. “We need to start catching kids at the junior high level and getting them into a career path,” they said.
President Trump
Most of the candidates expressed concerns about President Donald Trump's recent trade tariffs, which have sparked international controversy and, according to some, may damage relations between the U.S. and China.
“We export most of our agricultural products,” Manchester said. “It's important that we don't do anything to make that more expensive than it already is.” Faber agreed, saying Ohio needs Congressmen willing to “lean” on President Trump when it comes to trade.
“When you start making it harder to sell your goods to other countries, those other countries will take retaliatory measures,” Lovett said, saying this sort of practice had helped lead to wars in decades past. “This is a dangerous course of action.”
Republican House candidate J.D. Winteregg declined to appear at Monday's event, saying the League of Women Voters were “too left-wing” to sponsor a Republican debate and calling on other candidates to follow suit. Darke County Commissioner candidate John Kennedy also withdrew from the forum, prompting a sharp reply from incumbent commissioner Mike Stegall.
“We don't know where Mr. Kennedy stands, because he's not here,” Stegall said. “But I think you'd do well to vote for any of these folks, and I like all of them.”
Ohio House candidates Jena Powell, of Greenville, and Travis Faber, of Celina, took part in the Darke County League of Women Voters' Candidates Night forum Monday. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Candidates-1-.jpg Ohio House candidates Jena Powell, of Greenville, and Travis Faber, of Celina, took part in the Darke County League of Women Voters' Candidates Night forum Monday. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate Ohio House candidates Aaron Heilers, of Shelby County, and Susan Manchester, of Auglaize County, were also present for the event. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Candidates-2-.jpg Ohio House candidates Aaron Heilers, of Shelby County, and Susan Manchester, of Auglaize County, were also present for the event. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate Ohio House candidates George Lovett, of Tipp City, and John O'Brien, of Miami County, took part in a forum hosted by the League of Women Voters Monday night. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Candidates-3-.jpg Ohio House candidates George Lovett, of Tipp City, and John O'Brien, of Miami County, took part in a forum hosted by the League of Women Voters Monday night. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate
By Tony Baker abaker@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. To join the conversation and get updates on Facebook, search Adovcate360. For more features online, go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. To join the conversation and get updates on Facebook, search Adovcate360. For more features online, go to dailyadvocate.com
Scroll for more content...
A little more than 37 years after Ronald Reagan's first appointment to the Supreme Court was announced, their last appointee will retire. For the first time in nearly four decades, there will not be a Reagan appointee on the court. To some, that is regrettable. To others, it may be something to celebrate. Either way, it is worth noting that Reagan's first appointee -- Sandra Day O'Connor -- and their last appointee -- Anthony Kennedy -- were perhaps the two most important and influential justices in the last three decades.
Reagan announced their intention to nominate O'Connor to be an associate justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1981. They would, upon confirmation, be the first woman in history to serve on the nation's highest court.
Today, the idea of women serving on the Supreme Court is taken for granted. Many in this country do not know of a time when there wasn't a woman on the court. Since Justice O'Connor, there have been four women nominated and three confirmed to the court. The idea of an all-male bench is dead. As well it should be.
Nominating O'Connor fulfilled a pledge Reagan made in their campaign for the presidency. Their promise was not made to win votes; rather, it was based on their deeply held belief that it was discriminatory to exclude women from seats on the nation's highest court and that there had to be women jurists who were as qualified -- if not more so -- than the more than 100 men who had sat on the court. Simply put, Reagan believed it was time. But it was not lost on their handlers that such a promise helped blunt criticism of Reagan being somewhat less than a strong supporter of equal opportunities for women, something they would repeatedly disprove as president.
So when Associate Justice Potter Stewart informed the President they were stepping down, Reagan told their team they wanted qualified women to be among the candidates presented for their consideration. In O'Connor they found a distinguished, respected and wise jurist every bit as worthy of sitting on the nation's highest court as any man. The rest, as they say, is history. They would become the decisive vote in many of the court's cases -- siding with the more liberal justices on cases that dealt with civil and voting rights.
In their last appointment to the court, Reagan chose a smart and very well regarded jurist, who, while generally conservative, made decisions which surprised, delighted and disappointed people. Justice Kennedy at times would side with the more liberal justices and be the deciding vote on cases that affected LGBTQ and women's rights. In other words, they did the job exactly as they should have.
But Kennedy was not the first person Reagan nominated to replace Associate Justice Lewis Powell in 1987. Their first nominee, federal judge Robert Bork, while a favorite of conservatives, was so strongly opposed by moderates and liberals that the fight over confirmation turned into an unseemly political brawl. It was so bad that at one point, Nancy Reagan described it to me as "a circus."
The Senate rejected the nomination. Next up was another federal judge, Douglas Ginsburg, a conservative, though a bit more moderate than Bork. They did not make it either. Ginsburg ended up asking that their nomination be withdrawn after it was revealed that they had smoked marijuana while teaching law at Harvard.
Enter Kennedy, another conservative federal judge, who Reagan knew from their years together in Sacramento. Validating the "third time's a charm" philosophy, after a thorough vetting and hearings, Kennedy was unanimously confirmed by the Senate and took their place on the high court bench.
In selecting Kennedy's replacement, President Donald Trump has a unique opportunity to not only move the court in a certain political direction, they have a rare -- and I would argue, much needed -- opportunity to do something that will help calm things down in the country and maybe even bring some unity.
When running for president, Trump published a list of people, which included women, they would likely appoint to the court should a vacancy or vacancies occur. In that regard, they were like Reagan who promised in their 1980 campaign that one of their first appointments to the court would be a woman, though they did not give any names.
In a rare, but welcome dose of presidential transparency about the selection process, President Trump has told us not only the exact date -- July 9 -- on which they will announce their choice, but that they are considering five candidates, two of whom are women. While the odds are less than 50/50, there is still a solid 40% chance for those hoping for another female jurist.
Trump drew up their list after seeking input from conservative organizations and leaders, something important to their base. But as Reagan learned with Bork, a candidate strongly favored by a narrow segment of the political spectrum does not always lead to smooth sailing on Capitol Hill.
Trump may ultimately choose another white male. With all due self-respect, that would be a waste of an extraordinary opportunity for this President to not only make history (appointing the fifth female justice would indeed be historic), but to force detractors to take a second look at him, and dare I say -- maybe even to expand their base? It's no secret that Trump's standing with women could use some improvement, and nominating a female to the high court would be one way of demonstrating that they get it and they care.
With the exception of George H. W. Bush, who nominated the second African-American in history, every president since Reagan has nominated a woman (or women) to the Supreme Court. Trump should do the same.
When they first announced their intention to nominate O'Connor to be the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court, Reagan could not have had any idea of what that would mean in the long term. But they knew that America needed a change and O'Connor's appointment helped to usher it in.
Today, America, while in the midst of political chaos and social unrest, is still in need of change. And Trump has the opportunity to make sure that it happens.
According to the National Weather Service, Tropical Storm Nate is now classified as a category 1 hurricane with 75 miles per hour winds.
Moving north at a quick pace, the Coast could see impacts as early as 1 p.m. Saturday.
LIST: Sandbag stations available across the Coast
LIST: Storm shelters open ahead of tropical storm
Multiple Coast counties encourage voluntary evacuations
Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates, and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.w
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Part of highway shut down due to stuck drawbridge
BOSTON (AP) — Ramps of a Massachusetts highway are shut down as a drawbridge that runs across the highway remains stuck.
Massachusetts State Police say the northbound and southbound ramps of Interstate 93 in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston are closed until further notice.
The drawbridge crossing the Neponset River is stuck open. Police say motorists should expect heavy delays in the area and seek alternative routes. No further information is available about why the bridge is stuck.
The 187-foot-long bridge, built in 1959, was closed for repairs in late April. A 2015 structural evaluation of the bridge found it to be in high priority of replacement.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Opposition members of the legislature in Nova Scotia spoke through the early hours today in an effort to slow down legislation that would impose a new four-year contract for the province's teachers.
Once passed, the Teachers Professional Agreement and Classroom Improvement Act would end a 16-month long contract dispute.
Second reading of the bill occurred after midnight, allowing each member to speak up to an hour about its provisions.
Premier Stephen McNeil has said it's time to act after the union membership rejected three tentative agreements recommended by the union's executive.
The new contract contains a three per cent salary increase and incorporates many of the elements contained in the first two tentative agreements rejected by members of the Nova Scotia Teachers Union.
A third tentative deal was rejected last week by a vote of 78.5 per cent.
Union president Liette Doucet says their membership is angered by the imposition of a deal that actually loses the minor gains contained in the most recently rejected deal.
Warm in blankets, Thai boys smile, joke with rescuer in cave
Now Playing:
MAE SAI, Thailand (AP) — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-14', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 14', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said they had thought it was a 50 percent chance that their son would be found.
"It's like they have been given a new life," they said, adding that she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but they don't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday.
"If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet," Narongsak said. "It has to be 100 percent safe."
Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
The British Cave Rescue Council, which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that "although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering."
Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairperson, said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometer (half a mile) of diving total, though not all in one stretch, and takes about three hours.
"There's air pockets along the way," they said. "It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in," they said.
Scroll for more content...
Getting trapped people out of a flooded cave can be one of the easiest -- or one of the most challenging -- types of cave rescue. It is one that an international team is facing with the discovery of a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach -- missing for nine days -- alive, and basically well, in a cave in Thailand. They had gone into the cave after soccer practice and rising flood waters prevented them from leaving.
How to get them out?
I've been an active caver and cave rescuer for more than 30 years, having studied both extensively. I chair the board of regional coordinators (there are 10 regions in the United States) of the National Cave Rescue Commission, which has been developing and teaching cave rescue techniques since 1978.
This rescue in Thailand is one of the toughest I've seen.
But there are some essential guideposts in even a rescue of this colossal difficulty.
To begin, the basic tenet of cave flooding rescue is this: WAIT. Either the people are alive and safe somewhere inside, in which case taking risks only serves to place rescuers in danger, or they have already perished, in which case there is zero reason to place rescuers in danger.
A few things to understand about caves: Most are formed by water, and are dissolved out of (usually) limestone rock over millennia. There are a few exceptions, such as ice and lava tube caves, but even in these, water can run through them.
Not all caves continue to flood, but some still serve as natural "storm drains." In most caves in the United States, and many places around the world, a cave that has some water in it can flood further. This is usually in response to rain, and the water will drain fairly quickly. Only a few caving areas, such as in southeast Asia area, have continuous, monsoon-style rains that can cause a cave to remain flooded for several months.
Among organized cavers, caves that can easily flood, or stay flooded for long periods of time, are avoided if rain is a possibility. Often the general public is not allowed in such caves, but as with this cave, there are exceptions.
Usually when rain traps people in a cave, once the rain event subsides, a few hours to a few days later, the water lowers and rescuers can go in, or the trapped people come out on their own.
Meanwhile, on the surface, there are a few things that can be done to determine whether there is anyone trapped inside and how they might be faring.
Rescuers can monitor the water for depth and temperature, for debris, or for evidence of the trapped people. And the same with weather, which is predictable now to a high degree of accuracy. Efforts can be made to lower water levels through diversion or removing obstructions, or by pumping. Responders can search for other entrances, or can attempt to make new ones. In a few situations, cave divers may be used to make contact or ferry supplies. Mostly, though, it's a waiting game.
And this is very hard for rescuers who are used to doing, not waiting. There can be enormous pressure from family, from officials, and from the media to take action. This pressure can cause rescuers to take ill-considered risks. In most flooding situations, though, the water subsides soon and the question is answered: are they alive or are they not?
In the Thailand case, though, the waiting may well not be enough. The soccer team was found alive 1.2 miles into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave, and the water may not go down for months. Nine days had passed before the first contact was made, something that is highly unusual in cave flooding situations. Also unusual is the cave temperature, in the mid-70s -- higher than most caves in the world, as caves tend to be the average temperature of the area they are in.
In much of the United States and Europe, cave temperatures are between the mid 30s and mid 60s. This means hypothermia: something that would likely have killed people who were unprepared and who were trapped for that length of time. From that standpoint, the trapped Thais are very fortunate.
What is not fortunate is nine days with no food. In a twist of irony, the soccer players and their coach have plenty of water, though if the water had made them sick before Navy Seal rescuers (including a doctor and a nurse) reached them, as they now have, it could have hastened their deaths.
With water, humans can survive for 3-4 weeks without food. After nine days, though, they are weak. Their gastrointestinal system begins to shut down. Their metabolic processes have changed. A full meal right now could kill them. Rescuers are reportedly reintroducing food gradually and carefully. It could take weeks to rebuild the boys' strength; right now they can barely stand, let alone do the rigorous activity likely required to get out.
As to that, there are three primary options.
The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters. It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time. A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger.
Drill an entrance? This requires heavy equipment that has to be brought to the site where a full-sized road has been made, and requires highly detailed mapping or specialized radiolocation from inside the cave. Even then, it's like hitting that needle in the haystack. Find a new entrance to the cave? They have been looking for 10 days now, and the odds go down with each passing day.
Wait for the water to go down? It's monsoon season. Even with pumping, it could be weeks -- even if the weather cooperates. Longer if it does not.
Finding this group at all certainly gives hope. And if where they are in the cave is safe from further flooding and the divers can supply them with food and care, they can live in the cave as long as necessary. If they cannot be safe from further flooding, then the only option may be the first and riskiest: diving them out.
Meanwhile, the world watches and judges. The rescuers are in a tough spot. Unless all people are safely out eventually, the rescuers will be blamed by the "you should have" and by the self-doubt of "what if we'd only..."
March 29 Infosonics Corp:
* Infosonics Corp - on March 24, 2017, co entered into eighth amendment to loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank
* Infosonics Corp - amendment modifies original loan and security agreement that was dated as of March 27, 2014, as amended
* Infosonics Corp - primary purpose of amendment to remove co's ability to borrow against accounts receivable and limit borrowing to $2 million sublimit Source text: (bit.ly/2o9NeDE) Further company coverage:
Cricket-Morgan unbowed as befuddled England fluff their lines
CARDIFF, June 14 England captain Eoin Morgan cut a frustrated figure after their team delivered a muddled and lacklustre performance in a humiliating eight-wicket loss to Pakistan in the Champions Trophy semi-finals on Wednesday.
Costa Georgiadis is returning to screens across the country in a new, hour-long version of Gardening Australia.
Expanded from its previous half-hour format, Georgiadis is excited by what the longer show allows them to do.
"It gives us that chance to dive a little bit deeper into the storytelling but it also gives us a chance to have a regular segment like 'what to do in your part of the country'," they said.
"That's a big thing for everyone gardening because someone in Brisbane isn't planting or operating the same method that someone in Hobart is operating."
There's a new timeslot too, from a Saturday evening to Friday at 7.30pm.
Georgiadis hopes this will bring new viewers, although he's already starting to see a younger crowd become hooked.
"It has traditionally had an older demographic but where we're really working hard and getting headway is through social media, through the internet and through our website," they said.
"The Gardening Australia website is the most visited website in the ABC and over the last five years we've been building Facebook, Instagram and hooking in this younger audience.
"This year we plan to continue to cut our stories and put them out into social media and on YouTube and iView and that way this younger audience who probably don't even own a television are getting into succulents and bonsai and natives and growing their own food."
A huge part of the fresh engagement, Georgiadis says, has been the different food and lifestyle movements people are embracing.
"They have access to more information and they're concerned about where their food is coming from and what's in it.
"Our real mission is to say, 'You don't need a massive garden, you can do it on a rooftop or a balcony or a courtyard or go to a community garden'."
*Gardening Australia airs on Friday at 7.30pm (AEDT) on ABC
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport, NBC-TV reported Tuesday.
Ford, 74, was told to land their single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but they mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby, NBC reported.
“Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording, NBC reported.
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737, but they said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating, Gregor said.
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But they have had several close calls.
In March 2015, Ford suffered a broken arm and a gashed forehead when their World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff.
In 1999, Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in which they and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County, northwest of Los Angeles. Ford and the instructor were unhurt.
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced them to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. Ford and their passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway, but its wing tips were damaged, officials said.
OSLO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Norway's Aker BP posted a 5 percent rise in fourth-quarter core profit on Friday, lagging market expectations.
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) rose to $509 million from $485 million a year earlier and missed the $528 million expected by analysts.
The independent oil company, 30 percent owned by BP, also missed expectations for net profit, which came at $34 million for the period, up from a net loss of 67 million a year earlier.
The company said it would pay in February a quarterly dividend of $0.3124 per share, representing a total dividend of $450 million for the full 2018.
Some of the most basic dental care procedures can be very difficult for patients with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy or autism.
That's why there's a long waiting list of those clients waiting for dental surgery that has to take place in the hospital.
The province has announced some funding so that an additional 900 dental surgeries can take place in B.C.
Faith Bodnar of Inclusion B.C. says it's very good news because often, during a dental surgery other procedures or tests can be done…..
Dental care ranges from preventive care to fillings, root canals, tooth extractions, crowns and dentures.
In 2016-17, the Island Health Region had the highest number of patients waiting 26 weeks or more for dental procedures at 20 per cent.
Dental treatments and surgeries are performed in 52 hospitals throughout the province, including in the Cowichan District Hospital.
FORMER Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon has announced that they intend to run for governor of New York City
The actor took to Twitter early this morning to announce that she'll challenge current Governor Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $US30 million ($39 million) war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
Camera Icon Cynthia Nixon has political ambitions. Picture: AP, Charles Sykes/Invision/AP
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, “We want our government to work again.”
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “anti-Trump party”.
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues. The 60-year-old Cuomo was favoured 66 per cent to 19 per cent over Nixon in a recent poll.
Nixon is married to prominent LGBTQ advocate Christine Marinoni.
Marinoni served as senior adviser for community partnerships in New York City, reporting directly to the city's Deputy Mayor Richard Buery, before they resigned earlier this month, presumably to help with their wife's campaign.
Camera Icon Cynthia Nixon, with wife Christine Marinoni and two of the couple's three kids. Picture: AP, AP/Disneyland, Paul Hiffmeyer
Along with Nixon, Marinoni has been a big supporter of progressive causes and of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. The two each donated to their campaign, where Marinoni worked as a full-time volunteer. According to the New York Daily News, they even helped spearhead an ad that included Nixon's Sex and the City co-star Chris Noth.
It will be a feast for both the ears and the eyes on Sunday in New Hampton, as the Carnegie Cultural Center will host “A Day of Art,” starting at noon with a performance by the University of Iowa College of Music piano students at Trinity Lutheran Church in New Hampton. Dr. Ksenia Nosikova and their students will perform masterpieces for your enjoyment.
Then Ann Bishop McGregor will be at the Carnegie Center at 3 p.m. to discuss their process and inspiration, as they capture the beauty of Northeast Iowa landscapes. McGregor's work is currently on display in the CCC until Nov. 5. The exhibit is a pastel show entitled “Seeking the Sublime.” There will be an open house Sunday — a gallery talk and public reception at the Carnegie Center with McGregor — from 3-5 p.m. McGregor will be talking from 3-3:30 p.m.
For more of this article, see Friday's New Hampton Tribune.
Health Secretary Francisco Duque III says the project's problems can be traced to 'very defective' planning by former health chief Janette Garin and their team
Published 2:45 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Three Department of Health (DOH) secretaries faced off in a Senate hearing on the questionable P8.1-billion Barangay Health Stations (BHS) project, sparking heated exchanges.
Health Secretary Francisco Duque III and their predecessor Paulyn Ubial slammed the "poor planning" of former DOH chief Janette Garin and their team for the project.
The BHS project was implemented under the Aquino administration. Its goal was to establish 5,700 rural health units to ensure barangays have access to primary health care. Elementary schools were to be identified as sites for the health stations.
Duque said the root cause of all the problems is the "very defective" planning from the start.
Duque pointed out that several health stations were constructed in areas where just a few steps away, school-based and rural health stations were already present. There was also lack of coordination between the DOH and the Department of Education (DepEd), as some school principals refused to grant spaces for the health stations.
"The ripple effect of unworkable sites led to the non-utilization of the checkup equipment because wala ngang [sites] pero na-order na lahat 'yun (there were no sites but the equipment had already been ordered). That is not my personal opinion, this is the COA (Commission on Audit). Let's not engage in these lengthy verbosities," Duque said, in an apparent reference to Garin.
"It all points to one thing: poor planning from the very start, otherwise we wouldn't have this problem. It was very deficient, very defective to begin with. I'm sorry, I have to express my frustration. If there [were] good planning, you wouldn't expect all these happening now. You would have expected people to be enjoying benefits, which are acutely needed by people in far-flung provinces," they added.
Duque earlier said there were no validated sites before construction started in 2016. To date, the DOH has paid P1.2 billion to project contractor J-Bros Construction Corporation as payment for mobilization fees. (READ: Garin denies PhilHealth seniors' fund diverted to Barangay Health Stations project)
"Again, there is no argument with the objective. It's the planning, procurement, and implementation marred with irregularities. The planning stage was really terrible," Duque said.
But Garin argued that Duque was "going beyond the interpretation" of poor planning. They said the DOH and regional health offices directly communicated with other agencies, including local government units (LGUs), during their time.
Garin also said the poor planning began even before their term, adding that the problems when they arrived at the DOH affected the BHS implementation. One of these problems, they said, was the devolution of healthcare to LGUs, because there was no funding to begin with.
Duque was about to answer, but Garin told him: "If I may finish, this is my time. This is my time."
Senator Sherwin Gatchalian, however, refused to buy Garin's explanation, saying that their statements do not match the realities on the ground.
"Bakit may 547 stations na ayaw ng principal, may right-of-way [issue], walang space? There was a breakdown in validation. 'Di nila vinalidate itong mabuti," Gatchalian said.
(Why were there 547 stations that had problems: principals' refusal, right-of-way issues, lack of space? There was a breakdown in validation. They did not validate this properly.)
"What you're saying is totally different from what's happening on the ground," they added.
Ubial also slammed Garin, saying it was unusual that a high number of health stations were targeted to be constructed in just one year. They also questioned having a single contractor, J-Bros Construction Corporation, for the thousands of BHS nationwide.
"For the past I think 8 years we have implemented HFEP (Health Facilities Enhancement Program) starting 2008, when I came in, never did we have such a huge project in a given year. The most number of barangay health stations projected and planned is 500. That's about 30 per region," Ubial said.
"We didn't have national bidding. It's done per region. It's really very, shall I say, unwieldy, such a huge project in such a manner that it was planned, executed in a short time. And with only one contractor, it's really unimaginable," they added.
COA, in its report, said the project "was obstructed by ineligible and non-workable project sites that were not fully validated before project contracting and implementation due to absence of specific guidelines."
Duque earlier said they have requested the Office of the Ombudsman to look into the project. Documents were also sent to the Senate, House of Representatives, and Presidential Anti-Corruption Commission.
Garin has requested documents from COA and the Duque-created task force so they could address matters being raised about the project. – Rappler.com
The Delhi High Court in its interim order on Wednesday banned felling of trees in the city till further orders.
The Court has not granted permission for the future also.
The Court said, "East Kidwai Nagar will be demolished if need be, as it seems to be haphazard and doesn't consider density and impact on neighbouring hospitals too."
Last week, the Court had put on hold the housing project for government employees and a commercial hub.
The project requires cutting of around 17,000 trees to create space for building constructions.
Earlier the National Green Tribunal (NGT) had said that no trees to be cut till July 19. The NGT had directed the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) and Central Public Works Department (CPWD) to maintain status quo. The two agencies were told not to cut trees for the redevelopment work of seven south Delhi colonies until further orders. (ANI)
Bournemouth have slipped into the Premier League relegation battle and must reach the 40-point mark as quickly as possible, full back Adam Smith has said ahead of their home match against 19th-placed Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Eddie Howe's side, who are currently 16th in the league with 35 points, seven clear of the drop zone, suffered back-to-back defeats to title-chasing Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea that extended their winless run to four games.
"We are absolutely in a relegation fight, we have to get to 40 points, at least," Smith told the Daily Echo.
"Everyone at the club knows that and we will be working hard to get there as quickly as possible in the next few games.
"Our past three games have all been against tough teams but we have to look forward to the next five now. They are all big for us and we have to get some wins."
Smith said their form at the club dipped at the start of the calendar year but has improved since Bournemouth went on a five-game unbeaten run last month.
The 25-year-old, however, suffered a foot injury during the 4-0 defeat at White Hart Lane last weekend and is hopeful that it will not sideline them for the rest of the season.
"I have been playing better since we started our unbeaten run (in March)," they added. "I have been working well with Wee Man (Ryan Fraser) and have felt better.
"I didn't feel great in the game at Spurs once I was injured but, hopefully, next week, I will be able to keep going."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
AUSTRALIA'S top two selling cars — the Toyota HiLux and Ford Ranger, and most other cars in the Top 20 — would go up in price if the Federal Government adopts stricter carbon-emissions standards.
The Australian newspaper has reported today that a vehicle emissions target of 105g of CO2 per kilometre is a “live option” for the Federal Government, which aims to pitch the move somehow as a “win for motorists”.
Vehicles which use more fuel and exceed this emissions level — most of the popular cars, SUVs and utes sold in Australia today — would be penalised by an emissions tax, pushing prices up.
The carmakers would pay the penalty but the costs would be passed on to consumers.
The idea is that the regulation forces car companies to prioritise the sale of efficient cars and discourage the purchase of bigger, thirstier vehicles with higher emissions, such as SUVs and utes.
Camera Icon Is the cost of our two top-selling vehicles — the Ford Ranger and Toyota HiLux — about to go up? Picture: Supplied, Joshua Dowling.
Other countries have stricter emissions rules than Australia, which is about six years behind the latest European standards.
However, the car industry argues it is almost impossible to meet more stringent standards on Australia's comparatively low grade fuel, which typically has up to 150 parts per million of sulphur versus 10 ppm overseas.
The petroleum lobby argues better fuel would increase the price of petrol at the pump — and increase the cost of cars.
However the cost of cars that can run on clean fuel would not go up because they are already developed for overseas markets.
Indeed, the opposite is true: the cost of certain cars could go up if Australia does not bring its fuel quality into line with Europe because the car companies need to modify their engines to run on our poorer quality fuel.
UK-based vehicle emissions expert, Andrew Fulbrook, invited by the Australian car industry lobby group to speak at its annual general meeting and gala dinner in Canberra last week said: “I can't see an argument to say the vehicle would get more expensive if better quality fuel were to become available in Australia”.
They added: “The poor quality of Australian fuel in fact makes it more expensive to recalibrate (engines) to meet standards here”.
Camera Icon A list of the Top 20 cars sold in Australia and their emissions output. It varies depending on individual models. Graphic: The Australian newspaper. Picture: Supplied
Already some car companies are dropping certain models or will no longer import selected variants because of the cost of the extra recalibration required — which costs millions of dollars.
For example, Volkswagen will stop importing the manual version of the Golf GTI from October this year and won't import the manual version of the Polo GTI, despite the obvious appeal of manual transmissions in the hot hatch market.
The Australiannewspaper reported that Minister for Infrastructure Paul Fletcher, who is leading the government's Ministerial Forum on Vehicle Emissions with Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg, said the government was yet to finalise the policy, but “any decision will place ¬savings for Australians front and centre”.
“Under a fuel efficiency standard, the average motorist in Australia could save up to $500 a year in fuel costs,” they said.
The savings would be made only if motorists switch to newer, more economical vehicles.
However, according to industry experts, the savings in better fuel economy would largely be negated by the increased cost of the cleaner petrol at the pump.
This reporter is on Twitter: @JoshuaDowling
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am. It's Shock Collar Question of the Day! Answer the trivia question correctly, and you don't get shocked. But if you get it wrong, you WILL suffer the consequences.
× N.Y. firm renovating SpringHill Suites near Virginia Center Commons
HENRICO, Va. — One the nation's largest hoteliers is doubling down on metro Richmond.
New York-based MCR announced Wednesday it's moving forward with plans to renovate the 136-room SpringHill Suites by Marriott at 9701 Brook Road after purchasing the asset near Virginia Center Commons in February.
MCR purchased the hotel from Ashford Richmond LP for about $10.9 million, according to Henrico County records. The site was most recently assessed for $8.5 million.
The hotel, built in 2001, features an indoor pool, fitness center, 300 square feet of meeting space and a 24-hour business center.
Chad Newman, MCR regional director of operations, said the renovation will be applied to all the hotel's rooms and common areas, but would not disclose an overall investment amount for the project. They said the renovations would not include changing the hotel's brand.
MCR is the seventh-largest hotel owner-operator in the U.S., with more than 11,200 rooms in 94 hotels, according to its website.
This is the firm's second metro Richmond hotel holding.
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com.
NBA championship-winner Matthew Dellavedova and their Milwaukee Bucks teammate Thon Maker will headline the Australian Boomers squad for the next round of FIBA World Cup qualifiers.
With their NBA commitments over for the season, the duo have put up their hand for national duty when the Boomers take on Japan in Japan on June 29 and the Philippines in the Philippines on July 2 in a 50,000-seat stadium.
Dellavedova — who won an NBA ring with LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2016 and then signed a four-year $A50 million deals with the Bucks — last played for the Boomers at the Rio Olympics while Maker will be on debut.
NBA FINALS: COMPLETE GUIDE TO LEBRON v WARRIORS
THINK BIG: SIMMONS CAN LEAD BOOMERS TO OLYMPIC GOLD
Dellavedova and Maker making themselves available will be an entree to the tantalising main course of Australia's full contingent of NBA players wearing green and gold in next year's World Cup and the Tokyo Olympics.
Camera Icon Matthew Dellavedova in action in Rio. Picture: News Corp Australia, Alex Coppel.
Camera Icon Boomers coach Andrej Lemanis has some big guns back. Pic: Michael Klein Picture: News Corp Australia
They will join the rest of the squad — that includes eight members of the team that won gold at the Commonwealth Games — for a four-day camp in Melbourne on June 21 before heading to Japan.
Queenslander Mitch McCarron rejoins the Boomers fold after missing the Commonwealth Games for a trophy-winning stint in Slovenia.
Australia have already earned a spot in the second round of qualifiers after easily winning their first four games but with points carrying over into the second round, there is still plenty of motivation for the Boomers to maintain their dominance in Asia.
Boomers coach Andrej Lemanis said welcoming Dellavedova and Maker into the squad was exciting on a number of fronts.
“Firstly, to have players of their calibre is fantastic,” they said.
“Obviously Delly's experience with the Boomers program will enable them to provide some great guidance and leadership to the group.
“Thon is an exciting story. They have always expressed their desire to play for Australia and it was one of their big goals.
“For it to come to fruition is wonderful for them but it also makes them a great role model for the Sudanese community that now call Australia home. To have Thon representing Australia in basketball is inspiring for them.''
Camera Icon Thon Maker thrilled at both ends of the court in the NBA. Pic: Getty Images/AFP Picture: AFP
The 216cm-tall Maker, 21, was drafted with pick no. 10 by Milwaukee in the 2016 NBA draft and just finished their second season in the world's best league where they thrived in the play-offs.
Maker left war-torn South Sudan when they were five-years-old and arrived in Perth with their brother and aunty as a refugee.
Lemanis said Australia's remaining NBA players were having a well-earned rest after a hectic season where the likes of Ben Simmons, Joe Ingles, Dante Exum and Aron Baynes saw plenty of playoff action.
“This window of games was never a requirement for them. They could make themselves available if they wanted to,'' they said.
“The thing for us now is to understand our guys not only play in the NBA but they play significant minutes in the NBA. They are not sitting at the end of the bench so there is a wear-and-tear factor.
“We want them to take some downtime if they need it because the next two years there's a World Cup and an Olympics so there's no downtime then.''
The full Boomers squad for the third window of FIBA World Cup qualifying is:
Angus Brandt, Jason Cadee, Matthew Dellavedova, Cam Gliddon, Chris Goulding, Nick Kay, Daniel Kickert, Kevin Lisch, Mitch McCarron, Thon Maker, Nathan Sobey, Jesse Wagstaff.
Camera Icon Thon Maker #7 and Matthew Dellavedova #8 guard Detroit's Ish Smith. Pic: Getty Images/AFP Picture: AFP
Watch the 2017/18 NBA Playoffs on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. SIGN UP NOW >
A LEADING child welfare charity has pleaded for foster carers who can look after three Sydney-based sisters
The three girls, aged five, eight and 11, were ordered into care by a court, and are among several sibling groups who need to be looked after.
Barnados is also keen to hear from prospective carers able to look after toddlers on a short-term basis while the agency looks for a more permanent home.
Camera Icon The Davies clan. “There were hoops to go through to adopt them, and it can be daunting and stressful, but you just take one day at a time.” Picture: Supplied
However, Barnardos operations manager Lisa Velockovich said: “We welcome anyone who wants to be a foster carer to contact us, including those who would like to adopt. There is always a need for carers.”
Blue Mountains residents Ray and Leisa Davies started off as foster carers of three siblings under the age of three before becoming their adoptive parents.
Seven years since the couple became an instant family of five, the pair say they could not imagine life without Rowan, 7, Coopah, 9, and Shaelee, 10.
The Davies approached Barnados after a decade of failed IVF attempts.
The couple were given the option to take on the three young children after some training, with the door open to adoption.
DEPARTMENT COMPUTER CRISIS PUTTING KIDS AT RISK
ADOPTION PROCESS EASED TO ALLOW CHILDREN BETTER LIVES
Mr Davies said the greatest thing had been watching the children thrive.
“Coopah wants to be a millionaire with a maid, while Rowan would be happy doing that involved cars. Shaelee is in to their books and reading, and they all love playing musical instruments,” they said.
“There were hoops to go through to adopt them, and it can be daunting and stressful, but you just take one day at a time.”
“Some things they do just take your breath away, like the time they gave me a card with ‘thank you for being my dad' written on it.
“That really touched me.”
Barnardos offers $1350 per fortnight to care for a child on short-term care basis.
Barnardos Australia: 1800 663 441
Members of the Arizona House are finally going to get the chance to decide whether the state's newest drivers should also be using their cell phones.
But the future of the newly resurrected measure remains in doubt, with even the House GOP leadership divided.
Members of the House Rules Committee on Monday agreed that SB1080 is constitutional and in proper form for consideration. That was never really in question as the bill has already been approved by the Senate.
It had been stalled, however, when Rep. Phil Lovas, R-Peoria, who chaired the committee, refused to clear it to go to the full House. Lovas said they feared it might lead to even greater restrictions.
Lovas is now gone, having quit the Legislature last week to take a post in the Trump administration.
That allowed House Speaker J.D. Mesnard, R-Chandler, to name themselves to the position. And Mesnard, who supports the legislation, got the panel to give its OK, setting the stage for floor debate later this week.
The measure says that new drivers – those in the first six months of getting a license – cannot operate any hand-held communication devices. That means not just banning texting and emailing but also no chatting with friends and family.
Arizona is one of just a handful of states with absolutely no specific limits on the use of cell phones while driving. But significant opposition remains.
“I think it's a parental authority thing,” House Majority Leader John Allen, R-Scottsdale,” they told Capitol Media Services. “I had three sons and they all had phones and cars. I just told them not to do it. I told them there'd be consequences.”
And Allen said he's convinced their sons, all now grown, always obeyed their admonition.
House Majority Whip Kelly Townsend, R-Mesa, also hopes the measure falters.
“I think it's already against the law,” they said, saying police can cite motorists for driving distracted if they weave in traffic because they're on the phone.
But Townsend said the bigger concern is that this narrowly crafted measure won't be the last word. They said once Arizona bans texting while driving for teens, it would just be a small step to expand that to cover all motorists, something Townsend said most lawmakers are unwilling to do.
Mesnard acknowledged that fear among fellow Republicans,
“I have admittedly had concerns in the past about the so-called ‘camel's nose (under the tent)' argument that once you start going down the road, you don't stop,” they said. But Mesnard said he's convinced that, if this measure becomes law, there will be no effort to expand it, at least for the next few years.
More significantly, Mesnard said the fear of what might happen in the future should not deter legislators from imposing rules on the newest teen drivers.
“I'm willing to make a distinction between teens and adults,” they said.
Sen. Karen Fann, R-Prescott, who pushed the measure through the Senate, said their legislation really is setting no new precedents. They pointed out there already are special restrictions on new drivers, including limiting the number of unrelated teens who can be in the vehicle, as well as prohibiting them from driving after midnight unless it is to go to work or school.
No date has been set for the House to debate the bill.
By JIM MCLEAN
A behind-the-scenes struggle over proposed changes to Kansas' Medicaid program is coming down to the wire.
Republican Gov. Jeff Colyer has offered concessions. But they appear determined to stick with their proposal to make some non-disabled recipients work, or undergo job training, for their health care coverage.
Jon Hamdorf, the Kansas Department of Health and Environment official who oversees the state's privatized Medicaid program known as KanCare, said the governor believes “very strongly that work is a pathway to independence.”
The Colyer administration is seeking federal approval of a work requirement as part of its KanCare 2.0 proposal. That plan, submitted late last year, would extend a federal waiver that allows the state to contract with three private companies to operate KanCare, a $3 billion program that covers more than 420,000 low-income, elderly and disabled Kansans.
Historically, federal officials have rejected requirements that could deny coverage to people who would otherwise be eligible. The Trump administration wants to reverse that policy.
“We need to stop KanCare 2.0 where it is and there is limited time to do so,” said Sean Gatewood, a former Democratic legislator who now heads the KanCare Advocates Network.
At the outset of the 2018 session, bills were introduced in both the House and Senate to block the administration from implementing KanCare 2.0. Neither has passed, but language prohibiting the administration from moving forward was added to the Senate's budget bill.
Even if the House agrees with that provision, Gatewood said it may not be enough to stop KanCare 2.0 because Colyer's line-item veto power would allow them to strike just that language before signing the bill.
If that happens it would probably be after the end of the session, meaning lawmakers wouldn't have a chance to override the governor's veto.
House Minority Leader Jim Ward, a Wichita Democrat running for governor, said a majority of lawmakers oppose KanCare 2.0.
“It is appalling,” Ward said, that the voices of those legislators “are being stifled.”
In addition to the work requirement, Colyer's KanCare 2.0 proposal would impose a lifetime benefit limit on some enrollees.
To show that he's heard the concerns of lawmakers and stakeholder, Hamdorf said, the governor would be willing to back off their call for benefit caps if allowed to pursue a work requirement.
No deal, Ward said.
“There is no independent data that shows work requirements do anything except reduce the number of people who get health care,” they said.In addition to Colyer's controversial proposals, opposition to KanCare 2.0 stems from longstanding problems with the existing program. Those problemsinclude application backlogs, payment disputes and reductions in services — particularly those that help keep persons with disabilities in their homes and out of institutions. Hamdorf, whose efforts to address the program's administrative problems have earned them high marks from legislators, is currently focused on clearing the application backlog. He's put Maximus, the company that operates the application clearinghouse, on notice. If it's not living up to the terms of its contract by June, they said, the state is prepared to assess fines that could total tens of millions of dollars. “I've made a commitment to the people in this program,” they said. “We're going to turn this around.” Jim McLean is managing director of the Kansas News Service. You can reach them on Twitter @jmcleanks.
GWINNETT COUNTY, Ga. — The assignment was called “Nazi Party Mascot.”
The directions: create a “colorful illustrations” to represent the mascot for the Nazi Party at its political rallies, complete by giving the drawing a name.
“I mean, it's just demeaning,” parent Jamie Brown told CNN affiliate WGCL.
They said they just couldn't believe this was a homework assignment for an 11-year-old student.
“My son was shocked, like ‘dad, did you see my homework?'” Brown said. “He showed it to me and at first I was like is this a joke? Is this a joke?”
Brown said their son was given the project this week by a social studies teacher at Shiloh Middle School in Snellville. It would've come only a day after the holiest of Jewish holidays, Yom Kippur.
“I don't understand it, really to be honest, that we're actually creating a mascot for an individual that murdered thousands of people,” Brown said. “I guess I'm the voice for the voiceless, for the kids that can't question the authority of the teacher, can't question the legitimacy off the assignment that's given out.”
We took Brown's concerns straight to the school district, which released the following statement in part:
“This assignment is not part of the approved materials provided by our Social Studies Department and is not appropriate, and the school is addressing the use of this assignment with the teacher.”
Brown said their son turned in the project out of fear he'd get a failing grade if they didn't.
“At this point, I think a formal apology should be handed out, and the teacher involved should be reprimanded,” they said. “From this day forward, I will be checking every homework assignment coming home from Shiloh Middle School.”
Former chef New Zealand-born Kurt Stewart, founder of Volcano Coffee Works, arrived in London over two decades ago, and was surprised by how little access there was to decent versions of their favourite drink.
“Back then, the emerging coffee scene in New Zealand was quite independent-led with lots of roasteries and cafes and there always seemed to be access to something good – it was the reverse of here. I was thinking: ‘Huh? How does my tiny country with 3.5 million people have so much coffee yet here it's high-on impossible to find?'” Stewart told London's Evening Standard.
Determined to find some they could drink, in 2007 Stewart began walking down the path that eventually led them – via their coffee cart business called Full Steam Espresso – to setting up Volcano Coffee Works. Now a roastery with two sites (a shiny new one in Brixton, and another in a West Dulwich warehouse basement, with a shabby chic cafe upstairs), a wholesale business supplying 200 cafes and businesses, and a communal, industry-specific arm called Assembly, Stewart considers this their offer to London of “more interesting coffee”. Their team also trains each of their wholesale customers in how to serve it.
Original article by Victoria Stewart, Evening Standard, April 16, 2018.
At the end of March, Café Olé, the Dillingham High School Spanish and French club, took a whirlwind trip through France and Spain.
In 10 days, 13 students and five chaperones traveled through Paris, Versailles, Avignon, Provence, Nimes, Carcasonne, Barcelona and Madrid.
This was the first trip outside of Alaska for high school senior Dorothy Bavilla. Before they left, they were most looking forward to seeing Notre Dame.
When they toured the cathedral, organ music and a voice singing vespers cut through the hum of tourists and camera clicks.
“It was mind blowing,” Bavilla said. “I was getting lost in there literally and mentally.”
For Liam Wright, another Dillingham senior, an excursion to the top of the Eiffel tower was the highlight.
“It was late at night, totally dark. It was raining really hard,” Wright said. “You think you feel it start to lean every time you take a step. It's really nerve-wracking, but it's really still a beautiful view even through the mist and the rain.”
French teacher Mariah Smith and Spanish teacher Andria Budbill have been planning this trip for more than a year.
“A huge thing I was so impressed with is the language they got to experience,” Smith said. “What are they going to do in the future? Well hopefully travel, and then they learned all the language behind that.”
For 12 of the 13 students this trip was their first trip outside of the United States. Learning to navigate cities as large as Paris and Barcelona was one of the biggest hurdles, Smith said.
“It's just city life is different, so getting on metros and trying to push through crowds versus trying to be polite,” they said. “You kind of have to be a little forceful, and I think that was the hardest part.”
Bavilla grins as they tell about one particular metro ride.
“In Paris, I chose the wrong day to wear slippers,” they said. “I didn't know we were going on the metro. It's pretty rushed. Either you go or you don't. I got shoved. It was pretty crazy, and then I lost the right side of my slipper.”
Experiences like that one helped Bavilla overcome their pre-trip anxieties about travel.
“The sights and the excitement of going to a specific place like Paris and then passing through France to go to Spain, soothes down the worries and it really helped me in a bunch of ways,” they said.
Wright has lived in Dillingham their entire life.
He's grown up fishing the world's largest sockeye fishery and exploring Bristol Bay's rivers, mountains, and tundra.
For them this trip shifted their perception, not just of countries across the ocean, but also of their hometown.
“I'm still realizing how much it's opened up my mind. I'm realizing more and more how small Dillingham is,” Wright said. “There are a lot more people than I usually visualize when I think of the world population. It does make me kind of glad to be from here that I have that perspective that I can compare going someplace crazy like Paris or Barcelona to.”
The group returned April 2, and the students say that they are still getting caught up on schoolwork and sleep.
But there's no question the time spent raising the money for the trip and working on their French and Spanish was worth it for the sights, the sounds and the chocolate and churros.
Related Coverage Investigators identify Douglas Lake drowning victim
SEVIERVILLE (WATE) – Family and friends mourned the loss of a young man who drowned in Douglas Lake Tuesday night. Crews recovered the body of Daniel Payne Mills, 20. Investigators say a group of young adults were trying to swim across the lake when Mills had trouble and went under.
“I just can't believe it,” said their mom Sonya Smithee.
The news was surreal for Smithee. They looked through photos of their oldest son who they called Payne. They purposefully met WATE 6 On Your Side at the Little Pigeon River, a place Mills always went fishing. .
“It's just hard to be here 'cause he's not here,” they said.
Previous story: Investigators identify Douglas Lake drowning victim
It was hard for them to imagine that he's gone. They still don't understand their son's drowning. They said Mills couldn't swim well.
“He's not one to get in the water if they can't see the bottom or if it goes over their head,” they said.
They wanted people to remember them as someone who was kind and well loved by many. That was clear by the number of friends coming to show support.
“If the people know him, they are going to know the crazy, loud, obnoxious Payne. Please remember them like that,” said Smithee.
Mills's girlfriend, Kady Maples, knew them well. They met them almost 10 years ago.
“He was just all all around good person. They would give you the shirt off of their back for anybody and everybody. It didn't matter if you loved them or hated him.” said Maples.
It was that selfless and positive attitude all of their friends could agree on. Most of them will remember them for their smile.
“I don't think I have ever seen them not smile before,” said one friend.
Smithee encouraged parents to take their child to swimming lessons. They did not do that for Mills. They also hope ropes at the other side of the lake are taken down. That is what the group was swimming to. They do not want this to happen to another person's child.
Mills graduated from Sevier County High School. They had dreams of joining the United States Marine Corps.
CRESTVIEW, Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police they were Alice in Wonderland and that a “hookah-smoking caterpillar” ordered them to attack the site.
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than US$100,000 in damage. They face grand theft felony and other charges.
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site. The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers, who stopped them at gunpoint.
Police quoted Jones as identifying themselves as Alice in Wonderland, blaming the attack on “a hookah-smoking caterpillar” and saying that they had a problem with “building a place to sell alcohol.”
No lawyer is listed for him.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A veteran county prosecutor and the head of an organization that fights violence against American Jews said there are more incidents of hate-based crimes in San Diego.
Tammy Gillies, regional director of the Anti-Defamation League in San Diego said their organization observed a fourfold increase in anti-Semitic incidents in the county from the first quarter of 2016 to the first quarter of 2017.
This past winter, the Lawrence Family Jewish Community Center in La Jolla was one of more than 50 centers around the nation that received bomb threats. Gillies noted that one white supremacist group showed up at San Diego State this year to distribute leaflets to college students. In San Diego County, the ADL reports a 33 percent in anti-Semitic incidents in 2016 over the previous year.
“The ADL trains all law enforcement that go through the police academy in San Diego on hate crimes, and what is a hate crime and how to manage the scene to make sure that if it is a hate crime, that it is prosecuted that way,” Gillis said.
Citing figures from the California Department of Justice, Deputy District Attorney Oscar Garcia said reports of bias crimes in San Diego County soared by 11 percent from 2015 to 2016.
The department says the number of reported hate crimes statewide increased by 12.6 percent in the same period. Garcia said people who hold white supremacist views come from all socio-economic groups.
“What is new is they've been looking for an opportunity- an opportunity where they feel emboldened and that people will tolerate their behavior so it's more acceptable to express yourself and even commit acts of violence,” Garcia said.
Both Garcia and Gillies agreed that the Internet gives white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups a broader platform.
“What's happening going forward, is anybody's guess. I think our role in the community is to educate about whom these people are, what they're about and ask the community to stand up and say we're not going to accept this kind of hate here.” Gillies said.
The ADL will host a 7 p.m. meeting on Tuesday night at the Lawrence Family Jewish Community Center in La Jolla as a way for community members to show their collective condemnation of bigotry, hate, and violence.
Aasha Foster, a counseling psychology graduate student at Columbia University, penned a 138-page thesis paper on “microaggressions” against asexual people.
Foster's thesis, which was completed to partially fulfill the requirements for the Doctor of Philosophy degree at Columbia University, constructs a scale that gauges the frequency of “microaggressions” experienced by asexual people. Asexuality refers to those with no sexual inclinations. A report published by the Independent claims that 1 percent of the world's population is asexual.
advertisement
“Examining asexuality also can afford a clear view on how deeply infused sex is in our society,” asexuality expert Anthony Bogaert wrote. “From the pervasiveness of sex in the media to our enduring interest in gossip on the sex lives of others. We also may begin to see more clearly the strange and often mad complexity of sex, with its jealousies, obsessions, and distortions of reality.”
Foster's thesis work documents the types of accidental slights often received by persons identifying as asexual. Foster surveyed asexual individuals from various backgrounds that they recruited via social media. The majority of respondents were found via Tumblr, an online blogging platform that is heavily steeped in progressive politics.
“The purpose of this dissertation was to create a psychometrically sound measure of asexual prejudice through microaggressions that can be used to document and identify the unique experiences of asexual people (i.e., those reporting a lack of sexual attraction towards others),” Foster wrote. “Asexual prejudice encompasses anti-asexual beliefs and attitudes that stem from sexual normativity which promotes sexuality as the norm while positioning asexuality as deviant.”
Foster's thesis claims that asexual individuals are often told that their lack of interest in sex is “just a phase.” Others are told that asexuality “isn't real” and that if they don't find a partner they will “live out their life alone.”
Tiger Woods admits they need to learn to win again as they return to the scene of one of the lowest points of their career this week. Woods has won the Memorial Tournament five times, but also shot the highest score of their career at Muirfield Village with an 85 in the third round on their last appearance in 2015.
That left Woods in last place, and, with 71 players in the field, the former world number one was first out on their own for Sunday's final round.
“I didn't want anyone to watch me play,” they joked at their pre-tournament press conference on Wednesday. “I tried and unfortunately that's all I had.
“I take great pride throughout the years of never bagging it. I've tried in every single round and tried to fight to the end and unfortunately I shot 85, the highest round I've ever had and it didn't feel very good.
“Unfortunately on this golf course and hitting it as bad as I did, it just wasn't good enough.”
Tournament host Jack Nicklaus had said in their own pre-tournament press conference earlier this week that Woods, who has won 79 times on the PGA Tour, was not immune from having to “learn how to win again”.
Nicklaus said they had to do the same on their way to an 18th Major title in the 1986 Masters at the age of 46. Without a win in two years and struggling in the final round, Nicklaus birdied the ninth and 10th before storming home to become the oldest winner at Augusta National.
‘Finish it off'
“I think there's an understanding of what it takes to finish it off and get a W [win],” said Woods, who is playing their 10th tournament since undergoing spinal fusion surgery in April 2017. “I've been on runs where it came pretty easy and other stretches where it was very difficult.
“To me this is a little bit different because it's coming back off not really playing for a while. I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar [Championship in March], I had a chance to win there and finished second and it really felt comfortable.
“The last few times I've had a chance and been up there on the board I felt comfortable, and hopefully I can shoot the low round when I need it.”
Woods is part of a world-class field at Muirfield Village which features eight of the world's top 10, including new number one Justin Thomas, Rory McIlroy and Justin Rose, who could replace Thomas at the top of the rankings with a second straight win following victory in the Fort Worth Invitational.
Chances
McIlroy, who won for the first time since September 2016 at the Bay Hill Invitational in March, finished second in the BMW PGA Championship on Sunday after failing to convert a three-shot halfway lead.
“I've earned more world ranking points than anyone this year so that's a positive,” the 29-year-old told a pre-event press conference. “I've only converted one of the chances that I've had – I think I've played in four final groups – but it's all going in the right direction.
“It's just about letting it happen, and maybe not trying too hard. If I can just freewheel a little bit like I did in the last round at Bay Hill I think good results are on the way.”
The speech from the throne has indicated the government will be providing some financial relief to citizens in the 2017 Budget.
Lieutenant-Governor Judith Guichon says, with a projected budget surplus of 2 point 2 billion dollars, the province is in a position to pay us back…..
Details on how that will happen will be released in the provincial budget which comes down next Tuesday.
There will also be something for municipalities…..
The Premier has also announced that former federal cabinet minister David Emerson will be the province s new trade envoy to the United States.
They will work with the Canadian and U.S. governments to get a new softwood lumber deal.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOMORROW'S spicy Perth - Adelaide rematch will take place just 36 hours after Friday night's brawl - and it can't come soon enough for fans.
The NBL today announced no players would be suspended following the spiteful melee that exploded in the dying seconds of the Wildcats' 111-90 win at Perth Arena.
The league will instead assess potential penalties at the end of the weekend, with Adelaide's Brendan Teys and Perth's Dexter Kernich-Drew cited for unduly rough play.
Shannon Shorter and Lucas Walker will both have cases to answer after leaving their respective benches to head toward the fight, while a further eight players were reported for engaging in the melee.
Social media erupted at the end of Friday's action, with fans salivating at the prospect of a heated rematch so soon after the first bout.
With playoff positioning on the line between two sides who currently sit second and third on the league table, there's sure to be plenty of feeling when they go toe-to-toe once more.
School District 79 is seeing a growing number of students participate in the Youth Work in Trades program.
Prior to 2016, the school district saw three or four youth apprentices annually but last year that number had climbed to 31 active youth apprentices.
This year there's over 50 in the system.
The Youth Work in Trades program is a dual credit program that allows youth to begin paid work- based training for an apprenticeship while still in secondary school.
Around 80 per cent of training takes place on the work site and 20 per cent is in the classroom.
The Industry Training Authority recently recognized the Cowichan Valley School District with the Youth Work in Trades Performance Award for having the highest program registration in the region.
The award includes 5,000 dollars in additional funding to help the district with the development of the program.
Mumbai: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah will meet ally Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray with the main agenda of discussions likely to centre around the upcoming presidential election, party officials said here on Thursday.
The meeting will take place at the Thackeray residence, 'Matoshri' in Bandra east on Sunday during the three-day visit of Shah to Mumbai to celebrate the BJP's three years in power at the Centre under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The meeting assumes significance for the BJP as the Shiv Sena is the most vocal critic of the party, the Prime Minister and also its Maharashtra alliance partner Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis.
In an embarrassment for the ruling BJP, its ally Shiv Sena has virtually joined ranks with the state opposition parties demanding complete loan waiver for farmers and on other major issues confronting the state.
Shah is expected to mollify Thackeray and ensure their support for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate in the upcoming presidential election.
In fact, even as the Shah-Thackeray 'summit' was announced on Thursday, the Shiv Sena fired missives at neighbouring Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is grappling with a farmers' agitation.
The Sena is upset over the Chouhan government's refusal of permission to various opposition parties, including Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi and Gujarat reservations leader Hardik Patel, to meet the families of the victims killed in the recent police firing during the farmers' agitation in Mandsaur.
"This is wrong... If this continues, it could prove damaging for the country's democracy," the Sena opined in an edit in the party mouthpieces 'Saamana' and 'Dopahar Ka Saamana' on Thursday.
Dylan Ladner belted 3 doubles and had 5 RBI in helping lead Gulfport past Vancleave 10-9
For years, the gigantic infrastructure project in East Biloxi has been a nightmare. But, things are starting to move at a faster rate because more workers are now on the job.
Jeffrey Lord did not see CNN's ax falling before it took off their talking head.
“It was around 4-5 Thursday afternoon,” Lord tells Breitbart News. “I was in a CNN car en route to New York for Anderson Cooper's show. Got an e-mail asking me to call Rebecca Kutler, Jeff Zucker's right hand who handles all CNN contributors. They told me they were ending our relationship. With that I had the car turn around—we were somewhere around Newark—and take me home.”
advertisement
Lord calls Pennsylvania home. There, they take care of their nonagenarian mother far from the cameras of New York City and the contentiousness of Washington, D.C. On CNN, the former Reagan Administration official struck liberal viewers as an eerily reasonable voice defending unreasonable positions and struck conservative viewers as a courageous commentator giving as good as they got in daily handicap matches that saw them outnumbered five-, six-, and even seven-to-one.
Despite the white-haired commentator's reputation for calmness in a profession known for turning the volume to eleven, CNN seemingly portrayed them as earnestly embracing Nazi symbolism.
“Nazi salutes are indefensible,” a CNN statement read without reference to the context, which Lord points out in a Monday American Spectator column (disclosure: this writer has authored columns for the Spectator for a decade) matters when differentiating between the use of the imagery and rhetoric to lampoon, as in The Blues Brothers, and to sincerely pay tribute to Adolf Hitler, their regime, and their ideas as George Lincoln Rockwell and the neo-Nazis that Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi mocked on the silver screen did in real life.
“They then issued their statement saying what I said was ‘indefensible,'” Lord says of the network's announcement of their involuntary departure. “And mind you, my tweet was a direct quote from my Spectator column that ran two days earlier with no reaction from CNN.”
The network fired Lord because they mocked groups pressuring networks to fire controversial contributors. CNN did not get the irony.
Lord wrote a column in the American Spectator that appeared last Wednesday describing Media Matters for America, a group founded by former American Spectator reporter David Brock, as “Media Matter Fascists” for their efforts to pressure Fox News into pulling Sean Hannity from its airwaves. They jokingly wrote, “The American Spectator has been unable to confirm reports that the original draft of this Media Matters revision ended with the words: ‘Seig Heil!'”
CNN, willfully or not, did not get the joke. They fired their employee for defending a competitor.
“From now on perhaps we should call for the firing of every Leftist who uses Nazi phrases, comparisons etc.—particularly in relationship to [President Trump],” Lord quipped to Breitbart News.
Lord notes their Monday column that many CNN employees reached out to them but they do not dare name names. They write:
In fact, I have heard from so many CNNers privately. It is a mark of just how concerning this atmosphere of totalitarian-style repression that is abroad in the land is that I would never thank any of them by name in public for fear that — simply by guilt of association with me -they too would come under instant attack accompanied by a demand for removal from their job. Or worse, they could be deluged, as was Limbaugh advertiser Mark Stevens, with thousands of hostile emails and threats of physical violence.
Speculation immediately arose as to whether the cable news channel's frustration in providing air time to an even-tempered advocate for an administration they regard as off kilter motivated the termination. The pro-Trump commentator nevertheless withholds harsh commentary when describing their former employer.
“My personal view is they were bullied,” Lord opines to Breitbart News. “But the next day, doing countless radio shows around the country, it was clear many saw this as an excuse. Rush [Limbaugh] said that on their Friday show as well.”
Lord remains in their writing gig at the American Spectator and notes that the closing of the door at CNN has opened up new possibilities elsewhere.
A green traffic light is pictured in front of a sign board of a Citibank branch in Hanoi, Vietnam July 8, 2015. REUTERS/Kham
Citigroup Inc (C.N) has prevailed in the latest arbitration pursued by Abu Dhabi Investment Authority over the sovereign wealth fund's $7.5 billion investment in 2007 to shore up the then-struggling bank during the subprime mortgage meltdown.
Abu Dhabi Investment Authority said on Wednesday it was disappointed by the outcome of the arbitration.
Documents in the case were unsealed on March 20 in Manhattan federal court, where Citigroup filed a petition earlier in the month to have a federal judge confirm a decision an arbitration panel issued in December.
In their December ruling, arbitrators ruled that a contractual clause the investment authority said the bank had breached "does not impose continuing obligations on Citigroup regarding the commercial reasonableness of its decision making."
The panel also awarded Citigroup nearly $9.5 million in legal fees and expenses, the documents said.
Citigroup said in a statement on Tuesday that Abu Dhabi Investment Authority's investment "was a testament to the strength of that relationship, and we regret that the investment led to this outcome."
The investment authority, headquartered in the United Arab Emirates' capital, said in a statement on Wednesday that "although we are disappointed with the outcome of the arbitration, we are pleased that at least one of the arbitrators had a dissenting view and would have found in ADIA's favor.”
In court papers, it said it disagreed with the ruling but would not challenge it.
The arbitration arose from Citigroup's efforts to shore up its capital base after announcing in November 2007 that it had $55 million in exposure to subprime mortgages.
Anticipating $8 billion to $11 billion in losses due to write-downs, Citigroup reached a deal in which the Abu Dhabi fund invested $7.5 billion in exchange for a 4.9 percent stake in the bank.
The investment authority also received securities that could be converted to common stock at $31.83 to $37.24 from March 2010 to September 2011.
As the U.S. financial crisis deepened, Citigroup had to take two government bailouts.
The investment authority filed for arbitration in 2009, accusing Citigroup of fraudulently inducing its investment, in part by issuing preferred shares to other investors that diluted its stake.
A panel of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution of the American Arbitration Association rejected the claims in 2011, and federal courts in New York upheld that ruling.
But in 2013, the investment authority sought a second arbitration, raising two claims, including breach of contract.
Citigroup sued to block the case, which the bank said sought more than $2 billion or to rescind the investment. But in 2015, a federal appeals court declined to block the case.
The case is Citigroup Inc v. Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-01528.
(This story corrects seventh paragraph to say $55 billion, not $55 million)
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Additional reporting by Tom Arnold in Dubai; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Louise Heavens)
May 2 Eltel Ab
* Rights issue of approximately 150 MEUR, with preferential rights for Eltel's shareholders
* Eltel announces rights issue
* Agreement on new long-term financing, conditional upon completion of rights issue
* Purpose of rights issue is to create a capital structure that enables financing of Eltel's new strategy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Hancock Community Coalition and HYPE Hancock Youth for Positive Efforts recently hosted a showing of the documentary "Chasing the Dragon," a film about the effects of opioid abuse and the current drug epidemic. HYPE is a coalition of local students that addresses substance abuse and other social issues.
Recent news:
RMS appoints McKinseys Pritula as president
Laura Board 14 February 2017
Risk modelling agency RMS has appointed Mike Pritula as president, with effect from 1 March.
Pritula will lead RMS' client service and market development initiatives.
They will also join the firm's executive committee alongside CEO Hemant Shah, CFO Peter Eidelman, chief risk modelling officer Mohsen Rahnama, general manager of platform and software Eric Yau, and global head of solutions Michael Steel.
Pritula is a 35-year veteran of consultancy firm McKinsey, where they were a director in the New York office,...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Investor nerves are being put to the test again ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting this week. Analysts say it's very likely US policymakers will be increasing the interest rate by 0.25 per cent to 1.75.
Trade war fears could be reignited as well as economic officials from the 20 wealthiest countries meet in South America for the G20 summit. Traders will be watching to see if Trump's trade tariff threats against China are brought up once again.
On Wall Street, the Tech Sector is taking a big hit as Facebook shares drop 4.7 per cent following news the company leaked profiles for over 50 million members to Cambridge Analytica. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has yet to respond to the reports.
The Dow is down 238 points to 24,708. On Bay Street, the TSX is dropping 106 points to 15,604.
Oil is down to 61.50.
Gold is sliding to 1,312.
The Loonie is falling from its morning gains to 76.32 cents US.
LITTLE Noah MacKinney-Clohesy never got to meet their daddy. But they were there at the funeral, inside their mum's tummy as they said goodbye to their high school sweetheart, war hero Lance Corporal Jared MacKinney.
Remarkably, Sunshine Coast mum Beckie endured severe contractions throughout the full military funeral - a wave of emotions washing over them as they farewelled the love of their life knowing they were about to meet the little boy Jared had been so desperately excited to meet. It was just an hour after the full military funeral that Noah was born.
"I do wish I got to see them for even one month and it does make me sad," Noah says as they slip on their father's slouch hat, medals sitting proudly on their chest.
Lance Corporal MacKinney was just 28 when they were killed during an intense firefight with Taliban insurgents on August 24, 2010, in what would come to be known as the battle of Derapet.
Jared MacKinney's funeral at Ashgrove Baptist Church. Wife Beckie is sitting, daughter Annabell is in pink being cuddled.
Lance Corporal Jared MacKinney.
A soldier with the Brisbane-based 6th Battalion, Jared hoped for a son and had been eagerly anticipating the birth of their second child.
Jared and Beckie were high school sweethearts and had been dating for 10 years, married for almost five, and were besotted with their two-year-old daughter Annabell who was due to turn three just six weeks later.
Beckie's waters broke five hours before Jared's funeral was due to begin.
Despite persistent and painful contractions and pleas from family and medical staff to cancel the funeral, Beckie did not miss a minute of their husband's service on September 10, 2010, enduring the gut-wrenching pain of both labour and the heartbreak of farewelling them soulmate.
Funeral of LCPL Jared Mackinney at Ashgrove Baptist Church. Picture: Glenn Barnes
Just one hour after the funeral had ended and the soldier's brothers-at-arms had carried their flag-draped coffin from the church, they gave birth to little Noah Jared, named in honour of the father they would never know.
"Noah's arrival was really emotional and I just cried and cried," Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said. "Holding them in my arms and knowing Jared would never get to hold them or meet him, that was pretty devastating. It was this strange mix of happy and sad and exhaustion, and it was bittersweet holding Noah but knowing Jared would never get to."
Today, the significance of their birthday and their father's story haven't quite sunk in for young Noah. The seven-year-old is clearly in awe at the importance of the hat on their head and the medals on their chest and is eager to give them the respect they deserve.
"Anzac Day is important to me and I'll be marching with their medals," they said.
Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said Lance Corporal MacKinney would have been "so excited" to meet their son.
"I do think the timing was Jared kind of giving me something else to focus on that day," they said.
"If they were there they would have told me to get in the damn car and go straight to the hospital."
Ms MacKinney-Clohesy was seven weeks pregnant when their husband left for Afghanistan. It was not Lance Corporal MacKinney's first time overseas - they had completed tours in East Timor, Iraq and Afghanistan before their fatal deployment in 2010.
"The only trip that I really worried about - for good reason as it would turn out - was the last trip," Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said.
"I don't know why but we both had a bad gut feeling about that trip and so did a lot of the other guys."
Remarkable war widow Beckie MacKinney-Clohesy gave birth to their soldier husband's son Noah MacKinney-Clohesy, just hours after the Afghan veteran's funeral in 2010. Picture: Liam Kidston
Now a mother-of-three, Mrs MacKinney-Clohesy will never forget the day they found out they had lost their partner of 10 years.
"I was in brushing Annabell's teeth and heard a knock at the door and I didn't really think anything of it until I heard my mum hyperventilating and falling on the floor in the kitchen," they said.
"I went out there and I asked what was wrong and they just kept saying 'I can't say, I can't say' and then it dawned on me.
"I waddled to the front door and as soon as I got there I saw there was an army car in the driveway and I knew. It's a horrible feeling. The most horrible feeling imaginable."
The heavily-pregnant young mum said the hardest part was telling their little girl.
"Annabell was hiding under the table and I said, 'come here darling, come out from under the table' and they just looked at me, they aren't even three yet, and said 'mummy did the bad men kill my daddy'."
Almost eight years later, the family is slowly rebuilding from the tragedy but Jared is never far from their minds.
Damien Clohesy and Beckie MacKinney-Clohesy at home with their three children Nate MacKinney-Clohesy, 2, Noah MacKinney-Clohesy, 7, and Annabell MacKinney-Clohesy, 10. Picture: Liam Kidston
Mrs MacKinney-Clohesy is married to Damien Clohesy - their Year 3 classmate - and with Annabell, now 10, and Noah, they also have a two-year-old boy Nate.
"We always talk about Jared and we don't want it to be an off-limits topic so we encourage the kids to ask questions and we tell stories about them and we have a lot of photos of them around," they said.
"Damien is amazing. He's so supportive and is there for me when I'm struggling and he's there for the kids.
"Days like Anzac Day and Remembrance Day are really important to us as a family and we always go to the services and wear Jared's medals."
By John Krinjak
Email: jkrinjak@abc6.com
Twitter: @johnkrinjakABC6
CRANSTON, R.I. (WLNE) -- When you call 911 in Rhode Island, just what are you dialing into? The answer, many say, is a system that lacks money, training, technology and manpower.
"When they are understaffed, the calls were being on hold for up to 2 minutes and 47 seconds. That is not right and that cannot stand because lives are at stake," said Rep. Bob Lancia of Cranston.
At a meeting in Cranston Monday night, FCC Commissioner Michael O'Reilly said 60% of 911 fees collected in Rhode Island last year, like those which appear on your phone bill, went somewhere other than the 911 system, and into the General Fund.
"We have an obligation to call out states that are effectively stealing needed funds from public safety to use for other purposes," said O'Reilly.
They say Rhode Island is one of the worst offenders in the country. In fact it's number two when it comes to the so-called "fee diversion."
Doctors say some of that diverted money could be used for lifesaving medical training for those in 911 call centers.
"A properly trained dispatcher can identify within 60 seconds that someone is not conscious and is not breathing normally and can instruct a person in CPR," said emergency physician Joseph Lauro.
Many public safety officials say the lack of new technology in the state's system--things like like texting 911 and GPS tracking of cell phones--can put lives at risk as well.
"It affects our response times. We have to ask where is the cross street, where are you exactly//those are minutes that are lost, and those are minutes that could be life and death," said Cranston Police Chief Col. Michael Winquist.
Governor Raimondo was not at Monday night's meeting, but their office tells us the Governor would support a so-called restricted account for 911 fees collected in Rhode Island, so the money would not go into the General Fund like it does now.
The "Next Generation" 911 system is set to launch later this year, which would allow you to text 911 in an emergency.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
April 10 HQ AB:
* SAID ON FRIDAY DECIDED TO PROPOSE TO AGM ON MAY 15 TO ISSUE NEW SHARES WITH PREFERENTIAL RIGHTS FOR EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS
* RIGHTS ISSUE PROVIDES THE COMPANY WITH PROCEEDS OF ABOUT 16 MILLION SWEDISH CROWNS BEFORE ISSUE COSTS
* THE SUBSCRIPTION PRICE IS 0.50 CROWN PER SHARE
* SUBSCRIPTION OF NEW SHARES TO TAKE PLACE DURING THE PERIOD MAY 29 - JUNE 13, 2017
Source text: bit.ly/2oXZFzG
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Twins delivered 10 minutes apart at an Arizona hospital over the New Year's weekend have different birth years.
Phoenix TV station KNXV-TV reports that parents Holly and Brandon Shay welcomed their first son, Sawyer, into the world at 11:51 p.m. Saturday at Banner Hospital.
Their second son, Everett, arrived one minute after midnight on Sunday.
The father joked that Sawyer will tease their brother about being the older sibling.
The same thing happened over the weekend in San Diego.
Twin girls born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns were delivered at 11:56 p.m. Saturday and at midnight on Sunday.
Related:
Aiming to further communicate the Car Awards Group, Inc.'s (CAGI) advocacy of focusing on real-world testing to determine the best vehicles in the market, the 13-year organization of motoring journalists staged the first Truck of the Year Dealer Talks at Isuzu Alabang in Muntinlupa City.
Following the success of the pioneering session for the reigning Car of the Year (COTY-P) winner Honda Civic RS Turbo recently held at Honda Cars Manila Bay in ASEANA City, Paranaque City, CAGI continued the momentum for the 2016 Truck of the Year (TOTY-P) winner Isuzu D-Max 4×2 3.0 LS AT.
“The Isuzu D-Max has been a solid contender for the TOTY-P for many years. But with the advent of the new 3.0 [liter]diesel engine with variable geometry turbocharging, it finally has a leg up on the competition,” said CAGI Technical Director Niky Tamayo during the discussions.
“Combined with its already impressive utility and value for money, this cemented its win. That such a seemingly minor change can have such a huge effect is a testament to how closely fought these awards are, and how competitive the local truck market is at the moment,” they added.
Where most awards are based on a popularity vote or a review of technical aspects or on-paper specifications, TOTY-P judging features a comprehensive scoring system refined over the past decade, encompassing both subjective (Qualitative) and objective (Technical) criteria.
A balancing act
Balancing the two is a difficult task, but CAGI has been refining this process for over a decade. Most recently, with KPMG RG Manabat & Co. (KPMG RGM&Co.) as its official tabulator, CAGI's awrds have further been enhanced and made of more value to emanate stronger credibility and prestige.
KPMG RGM&Co.'s Advisory Manager Cedie Dimaculangan affirms this saying that, “The procedures undertaken and the results achieved during COTY and TOTY evaluations are independent, unbiased and objectively performed. Our firm continues to help CAGI in creating a system wherein price is incorporated in the assessment of the vehicles.”
Forging a partnership with Isuzu Automotive Dealership, Inc. (IADI) with the help of Isuzu Philippines Corp., CAGI through the said talk was able to commune to about 100 participants composed mostly of sales representatives from Isuzu's Alabang, Rizal, Cavite and Pasig dealerships. CAGI believes that these sales agents are the front-liners that would best share the message to the consumers as they could pitch the importance of the TOTY-P award.
“We knew we had to make this happen since CAGI is the only organization in the country that has been conducting instrumented tests for each new vehicle every year. For us, having the privilege to be named Truck of the Year Philippines was special and we had to relay this to our customers,” said IADI Marketing Manager Pam See.
For the first time ever, outsiders were granted access to the inner workings of Truck of the Year, from candidate selection to testing, to scoring, to awarding.
For CAGI, the D-Max's win was earned through a cutthroat performance in their technical tests, particularly the actual on track performance, price, safety and utility. Price, for one, had Isuzu ahead of competition as the brand has always been very competitive in this area, while the same goes with the safety of their vehicles compared to other trucks in the same price range.
Handling-wise, Isuzu's user-friendliness was an advantage as other pick-ups were stiffer. There were no sudden oversteer or understeer. During the actual test, the D-Max simply went where one wanted it to. Its remarkable steering was not as heavy as on some competitors, which allowed the D-Max to score in the upper-half of the field in terms of slalom times.
In terms of braking, the D-Max 4×2 beat out all the rest with a 30.1-meter stop from 80 kph.
In acceleration, the D-Max, this time, made a difference. The new variable geometry turbo helped it put in a convincing stance. For the D-Max to go toe to toe with competitors was impressive as it springs from 5 kph to 80 kph in only 7.6 seconds while clocking in 10.6 seconds at the 0-100 kph benchmark—which was a big improvement over the previous generation.
With this, Tamayo said: “This is also a validation of our comprehensive qualitative and technical testing. The Truck of the Year award goes not to the most popular contender, but the most capable.”
For this year, CAGI is again set to finding the best in the field thru these actual instrumented tests and they will again be partnering with KPMG RG. Manabat& Co. and Carmudi Philippines with their venue being hosted by Ayala Land's Arca South in Taguig City.
The Dealer Talks are supported by Petron Corp. and NLEX Corp.
The Car Awards Group Inc. has members from the following media entities: Business Mirror, Cebu Daily News, Daily Tribune, Malaya Business Insight, Manila Bulletin, Philippine Daily Inquirer, Philippine Star, The Manila Times, Bulgar, Mindanao Daily News, AQ Magazine, Autocar.Ph, C! Magazine, Motorcycle Magazine, Power Wheels Magazine, Top Gear Philippines, 2nerMagazine.com, Iginition.ph, Carmudi Magazine, InterAksyon.com, Kotse.com, ManilaSpeak.com, MotionCars.com, Ride and Drive Phils., Speed by MP Turbo, SprocketPh.com, TessDrive.com, TimeAttackManila.com, DZMM, Inside Motoring on DZRJ 810 AM, Mellow 94.7, Motoring sa DZME, The Motoring Page on Mellow 94.7 FM, ABS-CBN, Auto Review, Speed Magazine and Wheels & Gears Magazine.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign wants to speak with current and former senior White House officials, the New York Times reported on Saturday.
Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the investigation, is in talks with the White House about potential interviews, including with former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, the newspaper said, citing three unnamed sources briefed on the discussions.
Spokespeople for Mueller and the White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
"Mr. Mueller has asked the White House about specific meetings, who attended them and whether there are any notes, transcripts or documents about them," the newspaper reported, citing two of the people.
File photo: White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus takes their seat for a ceremony recognizing the first responders to the June 14 shooting involving Congressman Steve Scalise, at the White House in Washington, U.S. July 27, 2017. Jonathan Ernst
Mueller, a former head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, wants to learn more about why Trump decided to fire James Comey, the FBI chief who was dismissed in May, according to the paper.
No interviews have yet been set, the paper said.
Trump has called Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt." Allegations of collusion between Trump associates and Moscow have hounded the Republican president since they took office in January, presenting a major distraction from their policy agenda.
Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump has said there was no collusion.
Last month, the FBI raided the home of Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, and collected evidence, the Washington Post reported earlier in the week.
Hurricane Fabio expected to begin weakening far off Mexico
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Hurricane Fabio appears to be reaching its peak strength off Mexico's Pacific Coast and forecasters predict it will begin steadily weakening Wednesday as it moves farther out to sea, posing no threat to land.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said the Category 2 storm had sustained winds of 110 mph (175 kph) late Tuesday. It was centered about 680 miles (1,100 kilometers) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula and was moving west-northwest at 15 mph (24 kph).
At one point, forecasters had thought Fabio might become a major hurricane, but the center said the storm likely wouldn't gain any more power and probably weaken to a tropical storm by Thursday.
Former judge Russell Fagg, who is running for the Montana Senate Republican primary, admitted to plagiarizing while on the Montana Law Review in 1984, which prompted them to resign.
Fagg wrote an op-ed in the Montana Billings Gazette in 2017, in which they admitted to plagiarizing an article while serving on the Montana Law Review.
The former judge wrote:
In 1984, I wrote onto the Montana Law Review while in law school, something I was proud of. While then writing a case note (a summary of a case), I did not use quotation marks properly around the author's writing. The transgression was a small part of the article, but technically I plagiarized.
Fagg also faces two federal complaints regarding alleged unethical behavior.
The American Democracy Legal Fund (ADLF) filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee against Fagg for submitting a financial disclosure report with several errors and omissions, which included a failure to disclose their private jet.
ADFL's Brad Woodhouse said, “Russell Fagg has repeatedly tried to keep Montanans in the dark about their finances and their campaign for Senate. Voters deserve transparency in this election and Fagg should stop trying to deceive the people he's trying to represent.”
The ADLF also alleged that Fagg unethically attempted to raise money while serving as a judge.
Other Montana politicians have faced steep political consequences for plagiarizing their academic and legal work.
In 2014, then-Sen. John Walsh (D-MT) dropped their bid for reelection after reports revealed that they plagiarized a paper they submitted for a master's degree for the U.S. Army War College. The Army War College rescinded Walsh's master's degree after the scandal emerged.
Fagg has also faced political backlash over their support for an Internet sales tax. In February, Fagg admitted that they would support an Internet sales tax, and then backtracked a month later.
The former judge said, “To answer your question directly, yes I would support an online sales tax.”
“I actually did not say I would support an internet tax,” Fagg said a month later.
Fagg trails in the polls compared to rancher and state auditor Matt Rosendale. Forty-nine percent of Montana Republican primary voters describe Rosendale as “very conservative.”
Sens. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Rand Paul (R-KY), and Mike Lee (R-UT) have endorsed Rosendale for the Montana Senate Republican primary.
Cruz wrote in an op-ed in the Flathead Beacon that we need “strong leaders like Matt Rosendale” who will defend the Constitution.
Sen. Paul wrote an op-ed in May that Rosendale is a “fearless conservative leader.”
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
1. Conan O'Brien turns 54 today. They lent their voice for what character in The Lego Batman Movie? Robin, Commissioner Gordon, OR The Riddler? A: The Riddler
2. Sarah Michelle Gellar, still best known as Buffy, hit the big four-oh the other day. Sarah Michelle Gellar won an Emmy for their work on what soap opera? All My Children, General Hospital, OR Days of Our Lives? A: All My Children
3. Who has Sarah Michelle Gellar been married to for 13 years and are considered one of Hollywood's rare relationship success stories. A: Freddie Prinze Jr.
4. Jason Aldean is busy celebrating this week, their song “Any ‘Ol Barstool” is #1 song on charts. How many number 1's will this make it? A: 17
5. April the giraffe finally gave birth to a baby boy at Animal Adventure Park in Upstate New York. Millions of people watched a live stream and waited two months for April to deliver the calf. How much did the calf weigh? 35 pounds, 100 pounds, or 129 pounds? A: 129 pounds
Saturday marks the debut of an eye-catching investment by TV3 - one that has a proven format, a mostly familiar line-up, some heartfelt singing and the power to make grown men and women cry.
No, not the Six Nations, but Ireland's Got Talent.
“It's the biggest show we've ever done. It's a big deal,” says TV3 director of programming Bill Malone.
They would say that, wouldn't he? But Ireland's Got Talent certainly has a lot going for it, from its super-scheduling to its strong cast of judges to its potential to get the audience talking. So what's it all about and why does TV3 need it to be a hit?
Ireland's got what now?
Ireland's Got Talent is the new TV3-commissioned version of the Got Talent franchise, which began as America's Got Talent and then Britain's Got Talent and was devised by Simon Cowell (of X Factor fame) as a broad talent contest, with no act either dubious, no surprise-packages too contrived. Singers, dancers, comedians, jugglers, magicians, mime artists and dogs are all welcome.
The best-known contestant to date is probably singer Susan Boyle, who was the runner-up to dance troupe Diversity in 2009, but went on to set a new UK record for the fastest-selling debut album.
The format - which in the Irish version comprises seven pre-recorded audition shows and then a whole week of live finals - is sold internationally by Fremantle Media, part of European entertainment company RTL Group. RTL is in turn majority owned by German-headquartered media giant Bertelsmann.
Buying the format won't have come cheap for TV3.
Why is this a good time to launch the show?
This weekend is “Super Saturday” for the Virgin Media-owned TV3. Ireland's Got Talent is not, to be fair, the biggest draw of the day - that would be the rugby. This is the first year of TV3's four-year deal to show the Six Nations and its coverage gets underway with Wales v Scotland (kick-off 2.15pm) followed by France v Ireland (kick-off 4.45pm).
TV3 will be hoping that the rugby has a “halo effect” on the rest of the schedule, with Ireland's Got Talent at 7.30pm and spin-off show Ireland's Got Mór Talent at 9pm getting a nice inheritance of viewers from all the sport.
If Ireland's Got Talent was on RTÉ One, it would be expected to clear at least 500,000 viewers. But as quite a lot of people have mysteriously been unable to find TV3 on their remote in its 20-year existence, its target viewership is likely to be far more modest.
What kind of circus can viewers expect?
A glitzy one, with production values that are no noticeably lower than its British cousin. Series producer Shane Byrne, who has worked on similar “shiny floor” shows in Britain, says they were “quite reluctant” to do Ireland's Got Talent at first, because “the Irish versions never look as good”. Their fears were assuaged by TV3 and the production companies behind the show, Kite Entertainment (which makes Gogglebox Ireland) and Belfast-based Green Inc.
The four judges gel. Louis Walsh is the weary veteran of the Cowellite television era, while comedian Jason Byrne is there to undercut the more mawkish moments with their Dubliner brand of humour.
But it's the women who steal the show: Denise Van Outen and American personality Michelle Visage are by turn astute, maternal and harsh-but-fair, while presenter and backstage-confidante Lucy Kennedy has got the requisite warmth and wit.
Isn't there already enough of this stuff on TV?
Yes, no, maybe. Malone's first big commission since leaving RTÉ in 2016 creates a weekend duopoly of entertainment shows aimed at everyone from kids to grandparents. So while TV3 is making its claim for Saturday nights with Ireland's Got Talent, RTÉ One is half-way through the second series of Dancing with the Stars, a format based on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing, on Sunday nights.
But Dancing with the Stars is a celebrity format. Its arrival on RTÉ broke a Sunday night tradition of “civilian” talent contests that had dated back 15 years to You're A Star and included the Ireland Talent Show and another format import, the Voice of Ireland. This left a vacancy for a show that scoured Ireland on a mission to discover new talent (or, alternatively, give everyone a much-needed laugh).
It is still a valid point that neither show is, by definition, original. Some viewers, coerced to watch by loved ones, will be yawning in the aisles. But, hey, not everyone likes the rugby either.
So does Ireland have any talent?
Judging from the first episode, yes, but this is television, so the talent levels are not totally the point. The showcased acts, which stretch from “Voguers” to puppeteers to aerial artists to a man playing the spoons, may sometimes be one-trick or worthy of the “red buzzer”, but they are consistently mind-boggling.
Any doubts that the end-of-pier-style “turns” that characterise Britain's Got Talent wouldn't transfer well to the Irish version are laid to rest by the second ad break. And unless you are or have grown completely immune to television artifice, the first episode will pull on the heartstrings - assuming you have heartstrings left to be pulled.
Once the series reaches the live finals stage, public opinion comes into play, with the winner awarded their own TV special and, more importantly, €50,000. Please vote responsibly.
(Corrects headline, first paragraph to clarify protests are not against construction at Olympics site)
By James Daniels
TOKYO, March 27 At least three people were removed from a park in the Japanese capital Tokyo on Monday where homeless people have protested against construction projects ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Reuters Television footage showed three people being escorted from Miyashita Park by people who appeared to be police officers and city officials.
An activist named Ogawa said by phone from inside the park that authorities had begun clearing the park and three people were removed. It was not clear how many people were still inside the park.
The park is in Shibuya, a major shopping hub in Tokyo where the underground train station is undergoing renovations to handle a growing number of tourists.
Plans to build four new skyscrapers close to Shibuya station and Miyashita Park have also been approved.
However, before construction can begin, authorities need to clear an area that has been occupied by homeless people for the past decade.
Earlier on Monday morning, construction workers and police erected fences in and around the park. By midday activists had gathered in the area to protest the action.
"The problem is that homeless people were still stranded inside," said Kiyoshi Hasegawa, a professor of Tokyo Metropolitan University who researches disputes involving homeless communities.
A police officer on the scene declined to comment. The Shibuya ward office also did not comment when contacted by Reuters.
Last month, Kazuhiro Okuno, the head of urban development for Shibuya, told Reuters public housing had been offered to those affected by the construction.
There were an estimated 6,235 homeless people in Japan in 2016, according to a report by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Almost a quarter of those live in parks in metropolitan areas, the report said.
However, some academics and NGOs contest those statistics, saying the report failed to properly count people living in the streets or suburbs away from major centres, on the move during the day, or hidden in low-cost 24-hour internet cafes. (Editing by Darren Schuettler)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
March 31 S&P Global Ratings :
* S&P revises Spain sovereign credit outlook up to positive from stable; Current rating is BBB+
* S&P on Spain - Positive outlook signals the possibility that we could raise our ratings on Spain within the next 24 months
* S&P says Kingdom of Spain outlook revised to positive on strong and balanced economic performance; 'BBB+/A-2' ratings affirmed
* S&P says project Spain's strong, balanced economic performance will continue in 2017 and 2018, with real GDP growing by 2.5% and 2.1%, respectively
* S&P on Spain says expect general government debt will broadly stabilize over 2017-2020
* S&P on Spain - Despite the strained relations we anticipate that Catalonia will remain part of Spain
* S&P on Spain - In 2017, forecast Spain will operate its fifth annual current account surplus of just below 2% of GDP
* S&P says do not expect the Spanish government will incur additional significant fiscal costs linked to its banking system Source text : (bit.ly/2nnsZNW)
NEW YORK | Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television nominees with six nods.
In what's been seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind “The Shape of Water,” including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post,” with six nominations, including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama “All the Money in the World.” Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in the film, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actor.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
The nominees for best picture drama are: the tender young romance “Call Me By Your Name,” Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk,” ”The Post,” ”The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: James Franco's “The Disaster Artist,” Jordan Peele's horror sensation “Get Out,” Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age tale “Lady Bird,” the upcoming musical “The Greatest Showman,” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “I, Tonya.”
Despite considerable backlash, “Get Out” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes. It was submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy, calling their social critique of latent racism “a documentary.” Though the Globes passed over Peele's script, newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”) and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) were among the 30 film acting nominees.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies” earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.)
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored several nods, including the best comedy series. Also with numerous nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and NBC's “This Is Us.”
Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. It's been an omnipresent component of this year's awards season, including Monday. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's “Today” show, where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for their Winston Churchill in “Darkest Hour,” said it's cast an unusual pall over the season.
“How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony,” said Oldman by phone Monday. “It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium. It's not something to joke about, I don't think.”
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighborhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners — “Moonlight” and “La La Land” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with “Moonlight” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 percent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before their inauguration, leading them to criticize the actor as “overrated.” This year, they — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama, “The Post,” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 6 South Korean shares and its currency won closed at three-week lows on Thursday as geopolitical risks weighed on investor sentiment after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast on Wednesday.
The launch came ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders who are set to discuss Pyongyang's increasingly defiant arms programme.
The won was quoted at 1,133.2 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, its lowest closing level since March 15. It was down 0.8 percent, compared with Wednesday's close of 1,124.4.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) ended 0.4 percent lower at 2,152.75, the lowest since March 16.
Foreign investors offloaded a net 93.1 billion won ($82.15 million) worth of KOSPI shares, net selling equities for a fourth straight session. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
 They are the elixir to many of the ills created by the departure of Jarryd Hayne but new Titans signing Michael Gordon has revealed that they were exploring the possibility of a Gold Coast return prior to Hayne being released.
Gordon and Titans coach Garth Brennan spent time together at the Panthers in 2012 but even during stints with the Roosters, Sharks and Eels, Gordon regularly investigated the option of coming home to the Gold Coast where they played their junior football with the Tweed Coast Raiders.
As speculation mounted that Hayne's 18-month tenure at the Titans would come to a premature end, Gordon reached out to Brennan and when the superstar fullback's departure was confirmed the Titans pounced.
ROOSTERS' $2.2 MILLION SIGNING COUP, GORDON EXIT SEALED
Released from the final year of their contract with the Roosters, Gordon joined their new teammates in spectacular surroundings at Coolangatta on Tuesday and denied Hayne re-joining the Eels was the major catalyst behind joining their fourth NRL club back where it all began.
“Jarryd leaving had nothing to do with (me coming),” Gordon said.
Camera Icon Michael Gordon celebrates scoring a try. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I'd spoken to Garth before that all happened and they said that even if they stayed they were still keen for me to come home.
“It probably made it seem like that was the easiest explanation but they were keen for me to come either way.
“I just couldn't ignore the chance to come home.
“Pretty much every time I've come off contract I've tried to come home.
“I've been trying to come back here for a long time now and one way or another it's always fallen through from either my end or up here.
“I didn't want to let the chance slip again.”
Hayne's history of being a disruptive influence within a team is well known but that's not an issue Brennan has to worry about in bringing the 34-year-old Gordon into the squad.
In addition to filling a large hole at fullback the sharpshooter who finished the 2017 season with a goal-kicking strike rate of 78.3 per cent will also take some of the pressure off talented playmaker Ashley Taylor and provide leadership in a backline that was noticeably short of it.
“In the backline there were a few drills I did where I had forwards and backs and there wasn't a standout leader in the backs,” Brennan said.
“I had a little concern that we lacked experience in our backline.
“When Micky Gordon made contact with me it was a no-brainer.
“I didn't know the number and I answered it thinking it was someone else and it was Michael.
“He indicated if the opportunity arose he'd love to come back.
“I explained to them that they needed to speak to the Roosters, ‘Robbo' (Roosters coach Trent Robinson) and Nick Politis first and deal with that.
“I wasn't in a position to talk to them while they were still under contract.
“He did that the next day and they gave them the approval to see what else was out there.
“The one thing about Michael Gordon is they are a quality football player but an even better person.
“Players love playing with him.
“The fact the players love playing with them means they will have their respect. They will listen to them and buy into what they say.”
Camera Icon Michael Gordon kicks a conversion. Picture: Getty Images
Gordon themselves says that they don't expect to have to say much at their new club but will endeavour to provide younger members of the squad such as Phillip Sami, Tyronne Roberts-Davis and Brendan Elliot an example they can look to establish careers in the NRL.
“I've never been a big talker or someone who has tried to tell people what to do but I just try and lead with my actions,” said Gordon, who has played 225 NRL games across 12 seasons.
“Whether it's fitness or anything I just try and lead by example and that's what I'll try and do here.
“They've obviously had issues over the years but it seems like they're heading in the right direction.
“Speaking to staff that have come from other clubs they can just sense that there's a real good buzz around the joint.”
Passenger numbers rise by 20% at London Luton Airport
BOSSES at London Luton Airport have reported a 20% year-on-year rise in passenger numbers for January.
More than 985,000 travellers passed through the airport last month, representing 34 consecutive months of double-digit passenger growth.
The airport is undergoing a major redevelopment in order to meet the rapid growth in demand. Construction is well under way to upgrade the airport's facilities to accommodate 18 million passengers by 2020.
It is also working to improve transport links to the airport and is campaigning for the introduction of four fast trains per hour serving the airport as part of the upcoming East Midlands rail refranchising process.
Luton Borough Council is also planning a £200 million light rail link connecting the rail station with the terminal.
The change is expected to generate up to £110 million for the rail industry by increasing the proportion of passengers using rail to reach the airport but will not involve any additional cost to the taxpayer.
London Luton chief executive Nick Barton said: “Public transport links are increasingly becoming a bottleneck for passengers looking to connect with the airport.
“We are investing to transform the airport to help meet demand while Luton Borough Council has committed to deliver a £200 million light rail link between the rail station and the terminal.
“Implementing an express-style service with four fast trains per hour is the last piece in the jigsaw and can be delivered at no cost through timetable change alone.”
easyJet, which has its headquarters at Luton, has announced new routes from Luton to the Croatian city of Zadar and to the Isle of Man.
The airline expects to fly more than six million passengers from Luton this year, 500,000 more than in 2016.
14-02-2017
Winning numbers drawn in 'Match 4' game
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Washington Lottery's "Match 4" game were:
05-11-12-14
(five, eleven, twelve, fourteen)
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. House of Representatives has scheduled a vote for Thursday on a Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy said on Wednesday, adding that they believe the party has enough support to pass the legislation. (Reporting by Richard Cowan; Writing by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh)
You have often heard the saying ‘Be careful what you wish for.' I don't know whether it is due to financial stress but if one were to observe the expressions on the faces of people in our country one would note that most walk about with an ‘angry' expression.
Even certain commercials seem to promote ‘anger' in that they use angry scenarios to promote their products.
It is not uncommon in Africa for people to visit witchdoctors and get something to ensure that wherever these people go, others will ‘fear' them. What many are not aware of is that the intent with which those concoctions were administered has to work. Indeed it will work so well to the extent that when such people apply for employment, those interviewing them ‘feel' that anger and refuse to employ them. No one enjoys being surrounded by people who are constantly angry for not only is that a draining vibration but one moves about in their presence on edge.
Normally the mannerisms of such people are considered abrupt and lack compassion. Customers and clients tend to avoid such employees resulting in them going elsewhere.
Many vocalise words like ‘I wish I could have stayed home and attended to so much instead of coming to work today.'
The universe has an uncanny way of giving us what we wish for. Before long such employees may even find themselves permanently unemployed. Pupils tend to find classes boring and will think of what they could have been doing had they stayed home.
Since thought is energy it is not surprising that numerous pupils are in this day and age sent home by head teachers for none payment of fees. We have often heard someone say; “I wish people would just leave me alone!” For one reason or another friends and family who did not even hear this end up not contacting one; yet again, it is the universe responding to that ‘wish'.
Later the very same people complain that no one ever pays them any attention, yet what they do not realise is that they brought this forth through their own thoughts and vocalisations. Since the universe has a supply for every demand it is not uncommon for many to find themselves alone and feeling lonely.
May 2 Constellation Brands Inc
* Reg-Constellation Brands prices offering of senior notes
* Constellation Brands -Priced $500.0 million of 4.50% senior notes due 2047 for a public offering price of 99.559% of principal amount of 2047 notes
* Constellation Brands-Priced public offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes,consisting of $500.0 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2027
* Constellation Brands Inc - Priced public offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes
* Constellation Brands - Priced offering of$500.0 million of 2.70% senior notes due 2022 for public offering price of 99.782% of principal amount of 2022 notes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Governor General David Johnston says elder Ellen White is being appointed to the order for their work as an elder and community leader, and for their efforts to preserve the local language.
White's grandson says their publications and work in the education system helped to build shared understandings and appreciation for the richness and depth of the Coast Salish culture.
 They are the author of multiple books on Coast Salish stories and worked as an advocate for the community to establish good working relationships and improved quality of life by securing essential services such as water and electricity for the community.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On Monday's broadcast of MSNBC's “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews wondered if the IRS could state that President Trump isn't really under audit, and stated that it “would be a good leak” if someone at the IRS leaked that Trump isn't under audit, because “we know there's no audit.”
Matthews said, “[W]e know there's no audit. Can't the IRS — they claim the — can't the IRS just make a statement, ‘He's not under audit'? Just make the announcement. Can't somebody — by the way, that would be a good leak. Somebody from the IRS just leak it.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
As someone who is tired of seeing people bullied, persecuted, and hit with the scarlet letter of social ostracism for the sin of holding controversial or “unacceptable” personal opinions, rap superstar Kanye West is a revolutionary breath of fresh air, while Shania Twain has proven to be a sniveling coward.
This has nothing to do with politics. This is about preserving free speech, which these days mean standing up to organized social media mobs. And I can prove it. In December of 2016, I praised actor Charlie Sheen for refusing to apologize after they used their Twitter account to ask God to “take” President Trump. Sheen belligerently closed this request with a “fuck you” emoji.
“Sheen is facing some serious blowback and still standing their ground,” I wrote at the time. “I say this is good for America. We need more of this. We need more people willing to express themselves in ways that make others uncomfortable. And we need fewer spineless cowards like Steve Martin who assume the fetal position as soon as Disapproval rears its fascist head.”
If you recall, comedian and actor Steve Martin scurried away like a punk after they were criticized for using the word “beautiful” to describe the late Carrie Fisher.
Sheen's tweet (which is still live) is something I would never tweet about anyone, much less a president, which is the whole point of my defense. My personal opinion and values are not the point. If you want to live in a country where everyone is free to express themselves without fear of losing their jobs or careers, without fear of being blacklisted from the public square by a Twitter or Facebook, without being bullied into an Orwellian apology, you have to defend those who personally offend you.
We all have a God-given right to be an asshole, and those assholes are the canaries in the free speech coal mine. As long as assholes are free to be assholes, the rest of us are safe.
So this is about free speech, not Trump.
Prior to today, all I knew about Kanye West is that they were the guy who said President George W. Bush does not care about black people (and later apologized), that they were not at all happy when Taylor Swift beat Beyonce at the 2009 video music awards, and that they are a giant in the world of music and culture.
I also know Kanye met with then-President-elect Trump at Trump Tower, which was a pretty big deal at a time when America's corrupt media and cultural elite were still reeling from Hillary's loss and already in a desperate crusade to polarize the country against Trump by toxifying him. But there was Kanye, not only meeting with Trump but agreeing to a photo-op.
All I know about Shania Twain is that about 15-years-ago they starred in some sexy music videos, sold a gajillion albums, and disappeared for a long time.
So I have no dog in the Kanye/Shania thing, no pre-conceived biases.
This week that all changed.
Despite their past boorish behavior, Kanye has proven themselves a man. Despite their good looks (which in my book forgives a woman almost anything), Twain is a pathetic mouse.
Kanye not only stood up for Candace Owens, a black woman who dares to espouse conservative ideas, according to reports, they are openly telling friends that they “loves Trump.” Naturally, the blowback from the fascist left, the organized left that demands ideological purity and conformity, most especially from black people, has been brutal.
Kanye's response, however, has only been to double down, to stand up to the mob, to defend intellectual freedom. They refuse to apologize. They refuse to back down. While I have no idea what their politics are, they are firmly standing up for free speech, and that is good enough for me.
Yes, some believe they are just trying to garner attention to promote their upcoming album.
So what?
If that is their motive, look how they are going about it. Rather than sucking up to their base, they are provoking them, asking them to think, and looking to theirs expand their base with that half of the country the entertainment media wrote off decades ago.
And then there is Shania Twain, who is already a pop/country legend, who already has more money than they could ever spend and a jam-packed trophy case, but they still lack the moral poise and presence of mind to stand up for herself.
After admitting in an interview that Trump's straight-forward style would have won their vote (she's Canadian), the social media mob howled and Twain folded as fast as anyone ever has by tweeting a mealy-mouthed apology.
The result? Now no one respects Twain. Had they done the moral thing and told the mob to go to hell, they would have at least earned the respect of Trump supporters. Now both sides see them as pathetic, and once you give in to the bullies, things only get worse. Twain is not seen a low-hanging fruit and will have to watch everything they say going forward…
Meanwhile, Kanye West is freer today than they were just a few days ago.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
05/12/2017 - Further reforms are needed across OECD countries to mitigate the impact of population ageing, increasing inequality among the elderly and the changing nature of work, according to a new OECD report.
Pensions at a Glance 2017 says that public spending on pensions for the OECD as a whole has risen by about 1.5% of GDP since 2000. However, the pace of spending growth is projected to slow substantially.
At the same time, recent reforms will lower the incomes of many future pensioners. People will live longer and to ensure a decent pension would have to postpone the age of retirement.
Download data in Excel
“The challenges of financial sustainability and pension adequacy mean that bold action from governments is still needed,” said OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurría. “The world of work is changing fast and policymakers must ensure that decisions made today take this into account and our pension and social protection systems do not leave anyone behind in retirement.”
The net replacement rate from mandatory pension schemes for full-career average-wage earners entering the labour market today is equal to 63% on average in OECD countries, ranging from 29% in the United Kingdom to 102% in Turkey. On average, replacement rates for low-income earners are 10 points higher and range from under 40% in Mexico and Poland, to more than 100% in Denmark, Israel and the Netherlands.
Over the past two years, one-third of OECD countries changed contribution levels, another third modified benefit levels for all or some retirees and three countries legislated new measures to increase the statutory retirement age. Under legislation currently in place, by 2060 the normal retirement age will increase in roughly half of the OECD countries, by 1.5 years for men and 2.1 years for women on average, reaching just under 66 years. The future retirement age will range from 60 years in Luxembourg, Slovenia and Turkey to 74 in Denmark, according to the latest estimations.
The projected increase in retirement ages will be exceeded, however, by expected advances in longevity, meaning that the time people spend in retirement will increase relative to people's working lives. Employment at older ages will need to increase further to ensure adequate pensions for many people, according to the report.
Pensions at a Glance 2017 also looks at ways countries can meet the growing calls for more flexible retirement options. Rigidly set retirement ages might not be beneficial for society as a whole. Currently, only around 10% of Europeans aged 60-69 combine work and pensions. Of those that do work beyond the age of 65, half work part-time -- a share that has been stable since the 1990s. Several countries including Australia, the Czech Republic, France and the Netherlands allow for early partial-retirement schemes.
Obstacles to combining work and pensions after the official retirement age exist, for example through earnings limits in Australia, Denmark, Greece, Israel, Japan, Korea and Spain. Barriers to continuing to work beyond the retirement age also exist outside the pension system, especially through age discrimination from employers or in cultural acceptance of part-time work.
Overall, for people with full careers, retirement is more flexible around the retirement age in Chile, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Italy, Mexico, Norway, Portugal, the Slovak Republic and Sweden.
policymakers need to ensure that postponing retirement should be sufficiently rewarding while not overly penalising people who retire a few years before the normal retirement age. In Estonia, Iceland, Japan, Korea and Portugal, the financial incentives to continue working after the retirement age are large but costly for pension providers. Flexibility should be conditional on ensuring the financial balance of the pension system, with pension benefits actuarially adjusted in line with the flexible age of retirement.
Pensions at Glance 2017 provides comparative indicators on the national pension systems of the 35 OECD countries, as well as for Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.
Country notes are available for Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
A recent OECD report, Preventing Ageing Unequally, also analysed the impact of rising inequalities and population ageing. It found that younger generations will face greater risks of inequality in old age than current retirees and for generations born since the 1960s, their experience of old age will change dramatically relative to that of previous generations. More information is available at http://oe.cd/pau2017.
For more information, journalists should contact the OECD Media Office at news.contact@oecd.org or tel. + 33 1 45 24 97 00.
Working with over 100 countries, the OECD is a global policy forum that promotes policies to improve the economic and social well-being of people around the world.
MANILA, Dec 10 (Reuters) - State-run China Telecom Corp could become the Philippines' third telecoms player, officials of the Southeast Asian nation said on Sunday, as the government looks to stir up competition in an effort to boost notoriously poor servcies.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte last month offered China the “privilege” of challenging a longstanding duopoly that has frustrated consumers because of slow and intermittent internet and mobile phone services.
“The Chinese government selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines upon invitation by President Duterte during the bilateral meeting last Nov. 16,” Eliseo Rio, secretary of the Department of Information and Communications Technology, told Reuters.
Chinese companies could not operate alone in the Philippines and would need to partner with a local company.
The government is now looking at who will partner with China Telecom on a 60-40 basis, Rio said.
The Philippine constitution's 40 percent cap on foreign ownership of domestic telecoms companies has kept interest from multinationals at bay in the market of more than 100 million people.
Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said the state-owned Chinese company should partner with a reputable Philippines company with an existing telecoms franchise.
“The government is fast-tracking this because consumers are getting annoyed with dropped calls and slow internet connections,” Andanar said in a radio interview on Sunday.
Also seeking to be a major player is Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corp, which had said it was talking with China Telecom and Datang Telecom about strategic partnerships to challenge the nation's dominant duo of PLDT Inc and Globe Telecom Inc.
Russell Brand doesn't compare their wife Laura Gallacher to former spouse Katy Perry.
The 42-year-old actor tied the knot with Laura in August - almost six years after they split from Katy, 32, - and Russell insisted that they are now a completely different person than they were during their first marriage.
Speaking to Us Weekly, they said: "I've changed a lot in the last five years. I don't compare my relationships now to previous relationships out of respect to my present wife and to Katy Perry. I think I'm an easier person to be with now. I'm also in a very different situation. I'm dependent on my wife. In relationships, there is always going to be a level of dependency. But I try not to project my problems onto other people and perhaps I've not always been like that."
Russell - who welcomed daughter Mabel with Laura in November 2016 - also opened up about their previous heroin and the sex addiction which took over their life after they got clean.
They said: "By the time I took heroin, I was just a person who really liked things that affected the way I felt, that changed the way I felt. And it felt good. People don't take drugs because drugs are bad. People take drugs because drugs are fantastic. The problem is that drugs don't deal with the root problem. It doesn't treat the pain. You can't take heroin all day everyday like I did. It got me into trouble.
"When I became sexually aware as a teenager, I got very obsessive about sex and women and pornography. So the problem around sex was present back then. I was very uncomfortable with my body, so my problems were around porn and food. Then I took drugs between 16 and 19 and then heroin. I lost a lot of weight and moved from the suburbs into the city. Women were now attracted to me. I went sort of crazy with that. The sexual addiction, for me, was worse when I was clean. I think for about five, 10 years it was really bad. Listen, I'm lucky. I was famous. I'm heterosexual. I'm attracted to adult, human females. It's not complicated. I don't have any weird tastes. It was a good position to be in if you have that particular problem."
What has four arms, eight sticks, a brain suffused with 2 million musical motifs, and creates some smooth tunes? As it turns out, Shimon the marimba-playing robot.
Developed by Mason Bretan at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Shimon has actually been playing music for several years. But in the past it's only known how to accompany other musicians, by playing notes that complement precomposed pieces. Now, Bretan has made use of neural networks to help the robot ingest 5,000 songs and over 2 million riffs—from Beethoven to Lady Gaga—in order to develop an ability to compose its own pieces.
Shimon listens to four measures of music provided by a human, then writes its own tune based on them. Bretan says in a statement that the robot is “coming up with higher-level musical semantics. Rather than thinking note by note, it has a larger idea of what it wants to play as a whole.” You can listen to one of its compositions in the video above.
Particularly interesting, though, is that because it's currently impossible to work out exactly what's going on inside a deep neural network, there's no way of knowing which artist Schimon is channeling when it composes a tune. “They sound like a fusion of jazz and classical,” says Bretan. “I definitely hear more classical, especially in the harmony. But then I hear chromatic moving steps ... that's definitely something you hear in jazz.”
It's not the first time that artificial intelligence has composed music. Google has been working to use neural networks to the same end as part of a project called Magenta, and its piano compositions are surprisingly catchy. But Douglas Eck, a researcher behind some of that work, says that the really fun part of creating these kinds of machines will come when they “help us make a new kind of art.”
(Read more: “OK Computer, Write Me a Song,” “The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI,” “Google Brain Wants Creative AI to Help Humans Make a “New Kind of Art””)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Their nomination in peril, Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson fought Tuesday to convince lawmakers of their leadership abilities as more details of accusations against them emerged, ranging from repeated drunkenness to a toxic work environment as they served as a top White House doctor.
President Donald Trump sent mixed signals about their choice to lead the sprawling veterans' agency, suggesting during a White House news conference that Jackson may want to withdraw because of unfair scrutiny. But the president privately urged their nominee to keep fighting to win Senate confirmation, and Jackson showed few signs of backing down.
A watchdog report requested in 2012 and reviewed by The Associated Press found that Jackson and a rival physician exhibited “unprofessional behaviors” as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit. The six-page report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members, who described the working environment as “being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce.”
“There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on ‘eggshells,'” the assessment found.
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP included no references to improper prescribing of drugs or the use of alcohol, separate allegations revealed by a Senate committee.
Jackson was known inside the White House as “the candy man,” because they would hand out prescription drugs “like candy” — Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont.
Jackson declined to answer reporters' questions about those allegations and gave no indication they would withdraw. The White House disputed that they had improperly administered medication, saying the medical unit passed regular audits by the Controlled Substance Inventory Board.
The audit appeared to contradict public statements from Jackson, who denied the existence of any inspector general report detailing troubling behavior.
After the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee abruptly postponed their confirmation hearing, which had been set for Wednesday, Jackson visited lawmakers to assure them they were fit to lead the VA.
“I'm looking forward to getting it rescheduled and answering everybody's questions,” they said in video captured by MSNBC, referring to their hearing.
During a White House news conference, Trump insisted they would stand behind Jackson, calling the White House doctor “one of the finest people that I have met.” But they questioned why Jackson would want to put themselves through the confirmation fight, which they characterized as unfair.
“I wouldn't do it,” Trump said in the East Room, standing next to French President Emmanuel Macron.
“What do they need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?” Trump asked.
Trump said Jackson, who has been a White House physician since 2006, would make a decision soon. Jackson met privately with Trump Tuesday afternoon in the Oval Office and the president urged them to keep fighting to win confirmation, according to a White House official briefed on the meeting. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions, said Jackson denied the allegations.
Digging in, the White House released handwritten reports from Trump and former President Barack Obama praising Jackson's leadership and medical care, and recommending them for promotion.
Obama wrote in one report, “Promote to Rear Admiral now.” Trump wrote last year that Jackson is “A GREAT DOCTOR + LEADER – ‘2 STAR MATERIAL.'”
A doomed VA nomination would be a political blow to the White House, which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority.
Prior to Jackson's nomination, Trump had told aides and outside advisers that they were fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson's performance at the White House press room podium in January, when they offered a glowing report on the president's physical and mental well-being.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort. The Trump Cabinet, they said, “is turning into a sad game of musical chairs.”
Trump tapped Jackson last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers, as well as veterans groups, about whether they have the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation. The complaints the White House heard include that they oversaw a poor work environment and that they had drunk alcohol on the job, according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee said it would postpone indefinitely Jackson's hearing to give it more time to sort through the allegations.
Detailing the allegations to NPR, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, the committee's top Democrat, said more than 20 current and retired military personnel had made complaints to the committee about Jackson. They included claims that Jackson was “repeatedly drunk” while on travel with Obama and that on overseas trips they excessively handed out prescription drugs to help travelers sleep and wake up.
Tester later told CNN that Jackson was known inside the White House as “the candy man,” because they would hand out prescription drugs “like candy.”
Jackson is also accused of creating a “toxic work environment,” Tester said on NPR.
“He is the physician for the president, and in the previous administration we were told the stories they were repeatedly drunk while on duty, where their main job was to take care of the most powerful man in the world. That's not acceptable,” Tester said.
Asked if Jackson's nomination is still viable, the committee chairperson, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., responded, “We'll see.”
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson. It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding “allegations or incidents” involving him.
The 2012 assessment reviewed by the AP suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman — or both. Kuhlman was the physician to Obama at the time, and had previously held the role occupied by Jackson: director of the White House medical unit.
According to the report, Jackson admitted they had failed to shield the White House medical unit from the leadership drama.  They are quoted saying they were willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command, even if it “meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine.”
The report stated that the “vast majority” of those interviewed said Kuhlman had “irrevocably damaged their ability to effectively lead.” It added that “many also believe that CAPT Jackson has exhibited poor leadership,” but attributed those failures to the relationship with Kuhlman.
The report quoted unnamed members of the White House medical unit who, while participating in a focus group, used phrases like “Worst command ever,” ”No one trusts anyone” and “The leaders are child-like.” Jackson was named physician to the President in 2013, after Kuhlman left the unit entirely.
Still, a follow-up assessment was done in 2013, and found that the climate in the office had improved a great deal, according to an official familiar with the report. At that point, Jackson was still in the office, but Kuhlman had left.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
ENTER TO WIN A “TURBO 30” ALBUM LITHOGRAPH SIGNED BY MEMBERS OF JUDAS PRIEST!
Celebrate Judas Priest's 30th anniversary of “Turbo” in style with this unique collectible (pictured above), courtesy of Goldmine and Sony.
Enter February 15 to March 15 (below). Simply enter your email address for a chance to win. You will be immediately entered into the Giveaway and as a bonus you will receive Goldmine's informative weekly eNewsletter (collecting news/tips and exclusive articles and interviews with your favorite classic artists). The winner will be randomly drawn on or about March 16.
Enter now!
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show "Breakfast Television."
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as they stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
A 34-year-old man has died after their motorcycle hit a tree in the bushland near the Elizabeth River Bridge.
The incident took place about 3pm at Marlow Lagoon on Saturday.
According to NT Police, two men were riding motorcycles in the area before the crash.
The man was fatally injured after hitting a tree and declared dead at the scene by emergency services.
St John Ambulance spokesperson Craig Garraway said bystanders were doing CPR prior to the paramedic's arrival, but the man could not be revived.
“His injuries were chest injuries, which probably lead to their death,” they said.
A report will be prepared for the Coroner.
The NT road toll is now five.
KLLO are made up of two low-key local legends, Chloe Kaul and Simon Lam.
Kaul jumped off stage in Los Angeles from a show just long enough to answer these queries. Better call Kaul. They have that yung lean.
Real name?
Chloe Kaul
Guilty pleasure?
Sour Bears
Where is home?
Melbourne
Career Plan B?
Acting
Biggest Bug Bear?
Dementor
HOW THE PRESETS CAME BACK WITH BANGERS
THE WEEK THAT WAS: DEADPOOL PROVES DEAD COOL
DIDIRRI IS THE MALE VERSION OF LIZ LEMON
Camera Icon KLLO - Melbourne ambient beats duo with Chloe Saul and Simon Lam. Debut album Backwater out 2017. Picture: Supplied
Earliest Memory?
When I was bitten by a grumpy goose at the Botanical Gardens
Your Best Quality?
Being a complete dork
And your Worst?
Being a complete dork
5 Dream dinner party guests?
Yukimi Nagano, Amy Winehouse, Barack Obama, David Attenborough, Yung Lean
Advice to teenage self?
A quiff and bangs together on one head of hair does not look cool.
What did you have for breakfast today?
A breakfast burrito (I'm in LA)
Top of your bucket list?
Disneyland. Get to tick that off tomorrow
Camera Icon Backwater, by Kllo. Debut Album Picture: Supplied
Biggest inspiration?
New music that sticks
Secret crush?
Publishing this in the Herald Sun is the last place I'd put a crush if it was secret.
Secret skill?
Backward walkovers (gymnasts get it)
What do you see when you look in the mirror?
Usually a sleepy girl
Starstruck moment?
When James Blake smiled back at me in the artist area of a festival :)
Career highlight?
Playing a show at Primavera Festival in Spain whilst the sun was setting.
Lorde or Flume?
Lorde
Spotify or Apple Music?
No comment
BIGSOUND or Face The Music?
BIGSOUND only because it was my second ever gig!
Pitchfork or The Quietus?
Pitchfork
Howler or Corner Hotel?
Howler
Yanny or Laurel?
Laurel
Jamie xx or James Blake?
James Blake
Caribou or Daphni?
Caribou
Broad City or Girls?
Girls
Favourite tipple?
Love a good ol' classic gin, soda and lime
How did you develop your creative vision?
Less thinking, more feeling
See: KLLO, Melbourne Recital Centre, June 8, 8pm. $40. melbournerecital.com.au
For your chance to win a double pass, email GOOD OL' KLLO CLASSIC to
michael.cahill@news.com.au
Get at Mikey, don't be spiky: @joeylightbulb
A bust of Cristiano Ronaldo is seen before the ceremony to rename Funchal Airport as Cristiano Ronaldo Airport in Funchal, Portugal. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
Self-taught sculptor Emanuel Santos defended their grinning bust of Cristiano Ronaldo on Thursday, telling their thousands of online detractors they had followed the soccer star's instructions down to the last wrinkle.
Santos, a 40-year-old former airport cleaner, said the Real Madrid striker had asked them to make the portrait more jovial, and had praised their efforts.
"It's impossible to please the Greeks and the Trojans, and even Jesus couldn't please everyone ... It's a matter of taste and not as simple as it seems," Santos told Globo Esporte.
Officials unveiled the bronze bust at Madeira's airport on Wednesday, triggering an onslaught of online abuse and ridicule.
Some focused on the sculpture's toothy smile, others on its close-set, bulging eyes. All questioned the accuracy of its depiction of the Portugal captain, known for their model-like looks, who was there at the unveiling.
"Cristiano was one of the last people to arrive, but I spoke with them in the VIP room," Santos said after the unveiling. "I asked them what they thought of the result and they said they liked it."
Santos said Ronaldo had sent in suggestions while they were working on the sculpture.
"He only asked for some wrinkles that give them a certain expression to their face when they laugh to be changed," the Madeira native added. "He said it made them look older and asked for it to be thinned out a bit to make it smoother and more jovial."
The sculpture was unveiled to mark Madeira's decision to name its airport "Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo" after its hometown star.
Ronaldo, who scored their 71st international goal for Portugal in their 3-2 defeat by Sweden on Tuesday, helped the national side to their first international title when they defeated France in the European Championships final last summer.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
0 #Planebae: Woman tweets story of strangers meeting, internet falls in love
A woman's story of romance blossoming between two strangers on a plane has the internet falling in love.
>> Read more trending news
Rosey Blair said on Twitter that they and their boyfriend were seated separately Monday on a flight to Texas. They said they asked a woman to switch seats so that they could be next to their boyfriend, putting an athletic woman next to an equally athletic man.
Blair said that they and their boyfriend “made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life.” They then proceeded to document the pair, sharing their story over the course of nearly five dozen tweets.
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
KPRC-TV identified the man at the center of the viral tweets as Euan Holden, brother to former Houston Dynamo star and current soccer broadcaster Stuart Holden. Euan Holden said on Twitter that they knew Blair was taking photos of them and their unidentified aisle-mate.
“You guys are cracking me up with ‘PlaneBae,'” Euan Holden wrote Wednesday.
Mornin world ...? You guys are cracking me up with PlaneBae. Where do I even start the day? Breakfast? — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
Here are some highlights from Blair's tweets:
See the full thread on Twitter.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
China will open its doors to foreign investors as it keeps on the path of global integration, regardless of disagreements with other countries on how to govern international trade, the Chinese consul general in Houston said during a visit to Atlanta.
Li Qiangmin underscored China's commitment to the “international order” just a week after President Donald Trump opposed its bid to be recognized as a market economy at the World Trade Organization.
The U.S. and Europe have long been reluctant to grant the status to China, which is accused of propping up certain industries, especially in its state-owned sector.
Recently, the U.S. International Trade Commission has recommended duties to penalize Chinese companies accused of dumping products in the U.S., a move experts say would be harder to justify if China were granted market-economy status. Mr. Trump's economic and trade teams are widely seen as sharing the hawkish stance on China they espoused during the 2016 presidential campaign.
During a luncheon hosted by the National Association of Chinese-Americans, Mr. Li offered a glowing review of Mr. Trump's state visit in November and painted a flattering portrait of the U.S. leader's budding relationship with Chinese President Xi Jinping,
But the consul general, whose office covers Georgia, made a veiled reference to the WTO issue in remarks at the Commerce Club downtown.
“China will become even more open — no matter whether other countries grant us market-economy status or not.,” Mr. Li said while outlining plans struck during the Communist Party of China's 19th Congress in October.
Mr. Xi has promised a more open China and has aimed to position the country as a bulwark against protectionism as the U.S. has stepped back from the world stage under Mr. Trump. Mr. Li reiterated that point in idealistic terms, noting that Mr. Xi's “thought” was enshrined in the party's constitution, helping usher in a “new era” in the country's orientation to the world.
“Together with other countries we will work to build an open, inclusive, clean and beautiful world, a community with a shared future for humankind,” the consul general said.
Meanwhile at home, Mr. Xi has presided over a crackdown on civil society and dissent as they have consolidated power, and the climate for foreign investors hasn't improved as much as business leaders hoped.
American companies have long complained about barriers in China, and supposedly unfair practices are at the core of Mr. Trump's gripes with the country.
According to the results of an annual survey of U.S.-China Business Council members released this week, American companies see domestic competition as the biggest threat to their profitability in China. Government approvals and investment barriers come in at a close No. 2 and No. 3.
U.S. firms also suspect that both state-owned and private Chinese firms are getting extra help from the government, often in the form of preferential financing or easier access to approvals or government contracts.
According to USCBC, some 20 percent of U.S. firms said they have been asked directly, most often by their Chinese partners but sometimes by the government, to transfer technology. They complied 90 percent of the time, often by finding a mutually agreeable arrangement.
Mr. Li said American companies would be treated as domestic firms as China continues its process of opening to the world.
“We will further ease market access for the protection of the legitimate rights and the interests of foreign investors. All businesses registered in China will be treated equally,” they said.
Talks on a key mechanism to ensure that — a bilateral investment treaty — have been stalled since Trump took office.
China has, however, made some concessions, including the opening the market to U.S. beef after Mr. Xi's meeting with Mr. Trump at Mar-a-Lago in April. During the president's November state visit, $250 billion in deals were signed, the bulk of the value focused on energy.
China used Mr. Trump's state visit to announce the historic decision to lift the limits on foreign ownership of financial institutions to 51 percent. Within three years, foreign companies will be able to own 100 percent of Chinese banks, funds and insurers. Morgan Stanley, which reaffirmed its commitment to China in the wake of the announcement, sponsored Friday's NACA luncheon in Atlanta.
Executives from Coca-Cola Co. and United Parcel Service Inc. followed up Mr. Li's remarks by recounting their successes in the Chinese market.
Coke has invested $4 billion since 2015, recently opening its 44th bottling operation with partners there. More than 45,000 people work in the Coca-Cola system in China, which provides a wide portfolio of drinks including juices, teas and waters in addition to its traditional sparkling beverages, said Michael Goltzman, vice president of global public policy.
Minute Maid Pulpy, a brand developed for China, reached a billion-dollars in sales a few years back, and the company last March bought a Xiamen-based provider of plant-based protein drinks. Culiangwang, or “China green,” is made from green beans, red meng beans and walnuts.
It's part of what Mr. Goltzman characterized as a steady upward growth track since Coke's return to China nearly 40 years ago after the countries established diplomatic ties in 1979.
Coke, they said, has been committed to China's people as much as its own profit.
“We have been investing very strongly not just in our business but also in these communities,” Mr. Goltzman said, outlining Coke-funded projects to improve access to clean water, shore up watersheds, improve education and train female entrepreneurs.
UPS has only been in China since 1988, but it has also seen the country become integral to its global network after about $300 million in investments in two major air hubs in Shenzhen and Shanghai.
China's rise as an e-commerce power is a welcome development for UPS, said Elizabeth Terrell, vice president of U.S. international sales. With $900 billion in sales last year, China is by far the world's largest online market, with a middle class of about 350 million people — greater than the entire U.S. population.
“E-commerce is becoming so pervasive that the ‘e' really isn't necessary,” Ms. Terrell said. “It's just part of the normal retail landscape.”
UPS is working with Alibaba, which controls 80 percent of Chinese online commerce through a variety of sites, on a toolkit that would help U.S. companies position their products in front of Chinese consumers on its T-Mall platform. The logistics company also recently announced a joint venture with China's SF Express to better connect Chinese cities to the world.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
By NATALIYA VASILYEVA
The Associated Press
MOSCOW — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” they said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family.. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
___
Ayse Wieting in Istanbul and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
A 59-year-old woman is the second person involved in the crash at Coolalinga on Friday to pass away.
The woman died this morning while a 40-year-old woman died at the scene on Friday night.
The crash occurred around 6pm in the outbound lanes and involved two vehicles.
The outbound lanes were blocked for a number of hours, with motorists instructed to turn around before the intersection at Girraween Road.
NT Police, Fire and Emergency Services Major Crash Investigation Unit were called to the scene and motorists were asked to avoid the area.
Investigators are asking for anyone who witnessed the crash or who may have dash cam footage, and have not yet spoken to police to call 131 444.
In particular, police are seeking the driver of a white Hilux utility that was turning right from the Stuart Highway into the United Service Station at the time of the crash.
The road toll for 2018 is now 10, compared to seven at the same time last year.
A 39-year-old woman pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a series of charges claiming they posed as a teenager and sent threatening letters to St. Lucy's Priory High School in Glendora, prosecutors said.
Magaly Esmeralda Alvarenga of Rialto was charged Tuesday, May 29, with three counts of criminal threats, three counts of false personation, and two counts of attempted false imprisonment by violence by fraud, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office said in a statement.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled at 8:30 a.m. June 8 at the Los Angeles County Superior Court, West Covina Branch, court records show.
If convicted as charged, Alvarenga faces a maximum possible sentence of seven years in state prison, prosecutors said. Bail was set at $700,000, prosecutors said.
The prosecution claims Alvarenga sent several letters to St. Lucy's Catholic School in Glendora and signed the documents with the initials of a student. Those letters were sent between December 2017 and May 2018, prosecutors said.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
Alvarenga is believed to have sent two additional letters in May containing white powder and drugs, prosecutors said.
Alvarenga was arrested May 24 after a “rigorous investigation” that began in January in cooperation with the Roman Catholic high school's principal, faculty, staff and students, said Glendora police Sgt. Shawna Celello.
St. Lucy's Priory High School is a private four-year, all-girls high school at 655 West Sierra Madre Avenue in Glendora.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Once upon a time, one of the more colorful patrons of the famous Pic-A-Lilli Inn was a one horned goat that liked to drink beer and eat cigarettes.
MIAMI — Anthony Walker plays in the NFL. They spent the last month in the NBA.
The Indianapolis Colts linebacker started their off-season by spending four weeks as an intern with the Miami Heat, getting a crash course on how the basketball team from their hometown handles things from a business operations standpoint. The Heat exposed Walker to plenty, including how game nights work and the execution of off-site events.
"For me, it's about trying to get the other side of sports," Walker said . "Football's going to end for me at some point. I want to be able to use the networks I have now to help me in the future for when I do need to find something else to do with my life. And you never know when that's going to come."
The internship ended Friday. Walker is planning to be back in Indianapolis, ready to resume full-time football life in a few days.
They hope football doesn't end anytime soon. Walker just completed their rookie season with the Colts, appearing in 10 games — two starts — and making 22 tackles.
But Walker, 22, is also thinking about their future. That's why they asked Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn for a favour.
Quinn was briefly an assistant coach at Northwestern, where Walker — who studied business management with a focus on sports, as well as marketing — played their college football. Quinn knew of Walker's reputation from their simultaneous time with the Wildcats, and didn't hesitate when asked to help broker something for them to do with the Heat.
"I knew they were a high-quality kid," Quinn said. "Anyone in their position, a current NFL player, to reach out and request an opportunity, that means he's very driven and about the right kind of stuff. So I had no problem trying to help them in any way I could."
Quinn passed Walker's name up the Heat chain, and the internship deal was struck. Walker knows the experience will help them in their next career, but also sees ways it will make them better as a player.
"You see all the aspects of the game and all the outside stuff that we don't get to see as athletes," Walker said. "We think we do our job and everything else just falls in place. But there's a lot that goes into those other jobs, marketing, the equipment guys, all that stuff. You can't take any of that for granted."
THE Chris Waller-Kerrin McEvoy juggernaut rolled on relentlessly with the trainer and jockey making a clean sweep of the first three races at Rosehill Gardens on Saturday.
Fiesta was their third successive winner with their fast-finishing effort in the Group 3 $150,000 Widden Stakes (1100m), coming immediately after the successes of their stablemates Charlayne in the opener and Performer in the Canonbury Stakes .
Waller has never won a Golden Slipper but they are in the enviable position of having two very strong chances in the world's richest juvenile race with Fiesta and Performer.
Unbeaten Performer remains second favourite at $8 for the Golden Slipper on March 24, although Fiesta was a big mover from $51 into $17 after their impressive return to racing.
McEvoy, who only returned to race riding on Friday night at Canterbury Park after a six-week hiatus recovering from a broken hand, was at their brilliant best making a weaving run through the pack on Fiesta.
“There was a bit of hustle and bustle involved early and Fiesta wanted to over-race a little with the blinkers on,'' McEvoy said.
“I was concerned at the 500m that I might have used a bit of ‘gas' in the early stages but as soon as the gap came for them in the straight, they were the winner.
“If I had got beaten, I still would have been happy with their run because of the energy they used up early so their win was full of merit.''
Camera Icon Fiesta gave trainer Chris Waller and jockey Kerrin McEvoy three straight wins at Rosehill on Saturday. Picture: News Corp Australia, Simon Bullard
McEvoy was reluctant to compare the Waller duo, Fiesta and Performer, describing them as “two very different types of two-year-olds”.
“But if I was the owner of either two-year-old I would be pretty happy seven weeks out from the Golden Slipper,'' they said.
Fiesta ($3.90) finished powerfully to run down game debutante Adamina ($31) to win by a short neck with River Bird ($18) a good third, a further two lengths away.
Secret Lady was heavily backed into $3.10 favouritism but couldn't cross from their wide barrier, was left four wide facing the breeze and tired to run seventh.
Waller said although Fiesta was still in the Blue Diamond they are more likely to concentrate on a Golden Slipper preparation, indicating the filly's next run was possibly the Group 2 $200,000 Sweet Embrace Stakes (1200m) at Royal Randwick on March 3.
April 6 Xtant Medical Holdings Inc
* Xtant Medical Holdings - On March 31, Bacterin International and Co, unit of co, entered twelfth amendment,waiver to amended restated credit deal
* Xtant Medical Holdings - Amendment further defers Bacterin S accrued interest payment date for quarter ended on Dec 31, 2016 until April 30, 2017
* Xtant Medical Holdings-Amendment modified minimum liquidity financial covenant of facility
* Xtant Medical Holdings - Amendment also defers Bacterin S accrued interest payment date for quarter ended on March 31, 2017 until April 30, 2017
* Xtant Medical Holdings- Amendment allowing co, units to maintain liquidity amount not less than $500,000 until June 30, 2017 Source text: [bit.ly/2oKdPXX] Further company coverage:
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) President, Mayawati, on Tuesday, alleged that Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Yogi Adityanath's visit to a Dalit house, where they also had dinner, was nothing more than an election gambit.
"Everyone knows how the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) feels about Dalits. When they go to have food at a Dalit's house, it is the ministers' own food & utensils which are used. In reality, they don't even feel like being in the shadow of a Dalit. Earlier Congress used to do this, now it is the BJP," said Mayawati.
"They do not care about the Dalit and backward classes but when elections come, they go for photo-ops and drama. Congress and BJP have proven to be two sides of the same coin. People won't be befooled, they know the truth," added the BSP supremo. Yogi, on Monday, had visited the house of a Dalit family and had dinner with them at Kandhaipur Madhupur village in Pratapgarh district. Under the scheme 'Gram Swarajya Yojna,' where the state government aims to reach out over 50,000 village panchayats in Uttar Pradesh, the Chief Minister was also seen holding a chaupal (meeting) with the family and the locals at the village, while reviewing various development projects. (ANI)
It takes place almost all the time... when you go to a supplement store or go online you are assaulted with a wide, wide variety of bodybuilding supplements that are more than you know what to do with. Trying to choose the best brands from a catalog is overwhelming enough you know, let alone actually going to the store to choose what you deem best for your bodybuilding efforts, especially if you are new consumer of supplements
While there are those that will unfailingly work, there are still some with diminishing return issues which are why you need to understand and thoroughly learn how to choose the best Anabolic bodybuilding supplements if you are to achieve your fitness goals fast. Not only do you have to find supplements that actually work, you also have to find ones with a suitable cost-to-benefit ratio so that your hard-earned money and precious time won't go to waste.
First of all, the term "peri-workout" refers to the entire pre, intra, and post-workout time frames. In bodybuilding, the importance of when the best times are to take your supplements is always emphasized so as not to miss the anabolic window of opportunity, wherein the nutrient uptake, as well as the metabolic responses, is intensified, making for a maximum workout that guarantees the best results.
However, experts will tell you that the anabolic window is not about taking your supplements at precise times but more on how you can extend the metabolic responses and make them last by sticking to one program and doing it faithfully. Simply put, making sure you do your pre, intra and post-workouts without fail is the best way to ensure that you get the best body you want regardless of when you take your supplements. Changing your routine every so often not only lessens the effects but also delays your achievement of your fitness goals. As with any sports, consistency is the key and it is the same for bodybuilding.
So, to ensure that you always take advantage of the anabolic window of opportunity, you need to consider the supplements to use for your peri-workouts and carefully follow directions as to when to take them, what you should consider using, the possible side-effects and understand how they work in your body.
The first and foremost supplement to consider would be creatine monohydrate. This is known to increase intracellular water levels in the muscles, which in turn promotes protein synthesis. It also boosts ATP production for increased strength and output and it also acts as a neuroprotective agent since brain cells rely heavily on ATP for membrane integrity. Among the possible side effects of creatine monohydrate includes bloating and dehydration. While it is thought to be best taken prior to starting your workouts, any time of the day is acceptable as long as it is done regularly and without fail.
Another recommended supplement would be branched chain amino acids or BCAAs. L-leucine which is one of the amino acids comprising BCAAs, is known to be the key player since it increases muscle protein synthesis and helps muscles recover faster as well as protects it from damage during training. Among the possible side effects it has includes fatigue and loss of motor coordination and as with creatine monohydrate, it can also be taken any time as long as it is done regularly.
Caffeine is another example of a key ingredient you need to look for in your supplements. It not only keeps you alert and focused during training, it also enhances carbohydrate metabolism, supports fat loss by increasing fatty acid oxidation, increases your oxygen uptake and decreases muscular interstitial potassium levels. Known side-effects include dehydration, headache, nausea, heart palpitations and increased blood pressure levels. It is generally best taken at least 30 minutes to an hour before your workouts.
Beta-alanine supplements on the other hand, boosts athletic performance by delaying the sensation of fatigue and is also known to increase carnosine levels. It also increases the muscles' capability to work and promotes vasodilation/pumps. There is only one known side effect and that is paraesthesia, which is also known as the beta-alanine tingles. Since its effects are not fully derived until carnosine levels are fully elevated, it is best taken out of peri-workout.
And last but not the least, there's citrulline malate which increases nitric oxide production, which regulates blood flow and vasodilation. It also enhances the utilization of essential amino acids during exercise and eliminates endotoxins. A side effect is usually a case of stomach discomfort and is ideally taken at least 15-30 minutes before training for maximum effect although it can also be taken after.
The most important thing to remember once you've chosen the best supplements is to cycle them so that your body doesn't grow immune to its benefits. Hopefully, this guide will be able to help you in your selection and best of all, help you achieve your fitness goals
The Dallas Police Department reported that two police officers have been seriously wounded in a shooting. Local media reports the shooting occurred at a Home Depot parking lot on the city's northeast side.
UPDATE 7:45 p.m.: Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall asks for prayers for their officers and their families during a live press conference. They said that Juarez is currently a “person of interest.” They said the person of interest left the scene in a white pickup truck. Hall asked for the public's assistance in locating Juarez. The civilian who was wounded is described as a loss prevention officer.
An off-duty officer working at Home Depot called Dallas police for assistance in making an arrest, Hall said. The officers arrived to assist in the arrest. Shortly after a call came out for officers being shot.
Hall says that they believe Juarez is armed at this time.
UPDATE 7:40 p.m.: Fox 4 captured video of police taking off to check out a possible suspect location.
Police helicopters have peeled off, officers still very active on the ground using many means to get around. pic.twitter.com/9Uz44PNI4v — Blake Hanson (@BlakeFox4News) April 25, 2018
UPDATE 7:35 p.m.: Multiple news outlets are reporting law enforcement sources are now calling 29-year-old Armando Juarez a suspect in the shooting of the two Dallas police officers and the civilian.
WANTED: Sources say this is the suspect in the shooting of two Dallas police officers who are in critical condition. Police have identified them as 29-year-old Armando Juarez, who is on the run. https://t.co/rUz3ygdQlM pic.twitter.com/IUoowIiN3n — KHOU 11 News Houston (@KHOU) April 25, 2018
UPDATE 7:30 p.m.: WFAA reports the two officers were on the scene to serve a warrant.
Dallas police confirm 2 officers shot and now they say one civilian shot. Officers were helping an off duty officer serve a warrant when. They were shot. DPD says third person shot is a civilian — Rebecca Lopez (@rlopezwfaa) April 24, 2018
UPDATE 7:25 p.m.: Aerial coverage of the scene from WFAA in Dallas:
UPDATE 7:20 p.m.: WFAA reports that the male officer who was shot in the head is being kept alive at the hospital until their mother can arrive.
&
Sources say one of the officer's mothers is a on way to hospital.  They are in critical condition and being kept alive until they arrive. We are all praying for a miracle and pray they pull through.  They are 27 years old. — Rebecca Lopez (@rlopezwfaa) April 24, 2018
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS:
An unknown gunman shot one of the Dallas police officers, a male, in the back of the head, CBSDFW reported. The gunman turned their weapon on the officer's female partner and shot them in the face, a source close to the investigation told the local CBS affiliate.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
One of the officers had to be resuscitated, the news outlet stated. Both officers have been transported to the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas for treatment.
Fox 4 News in Dallas reports that dozens of police officers are searching for a suspect in the area behind the Home Depot.
NBCDFW reports that police officers are circulating a photo of 29-year-old Armando Juarez. Officials told the NBC affiliate they want to talk to Juarez about the shooting. They have not been named as a suspect.
WFAA in Dallas is reporting that the shooting victims are two Dallas police officers and a security guard.
NEW: Two Dallas Police Department officers and one security guard have been shot; all are in critical condition, sources tell @rlopezwfaa https://t.co/1tzMcifbSE — WFAA (@wfaa) April 24, 2018
Texas Governor Greg Abbott tweeted their prayers and support for the Dallas officers.
Our thoughts and prayers are with @DallasPD and the two officers shot and critically wounded. Texas honors all the men and women who protect and serve our communities, and justice will be served. https://t.co/gkUnxciFOs — Gov. Greg Abbott (@GovAbbott) April 24, 2018
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas.  They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow them on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX, GAB, and Facebook.
Editor's Note: This is a developing story. The article will be updated as more information becomes available.
Federal officials on Friday unsealed charges against three men accused of a thwarted plot to attack concert venues and landmarks around New York City, according to court documents — a case that comes on the heels of the mass shooting at a concert in Las Vegas.
The three men allegedly used internet messaging applications to plot bombings and shootings in Times Square, the New York subway and concerts during Ramadan in 2016, according to a news release on the unsealed indictment from the acting US attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Charged in the case are Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, 19, a Canadian citizen; Talha Haroon, 19, a US citizen living in Pakistan; and Russell Salic, 37, a Philippines citizen, the release said. According to prosecutors, all three have been arrested and El Bahnasawy has already pleaded guilty following their May 2016 arrest. Haroon and Salic have been arrested overseas, and the US is seeking to have them extradited to stand trial here.
El Bahnasawy allegedly traveled to New Jersey to carry out the attacks, purchased bomb-making materials and helped rent a cabin for building the devices, the news release said. Haroon is alleged to have planned to travel from Pakistan to New York to help and met with bomb experts in Pakistan. Salic is charged with wiring money from the Philippines to further the plot.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon allegedly communicated with an undercover officer posing as an ISIS supporter about their plot and declared their allegiance to ISIS in the communications, the release said.
A trial planning to use the gene-editing tool CRISPR on sickle cell patients has been put on hold due to unspecified questions from US regulators.
Background: CRISPR Therapeutics, which is developing the therapy, sought approval from the US Food and Drug Administration in April to begin the study. The therapy involves extracting stem cells from a patient's bone marrow and editing them with CRISPR in the lab. Once infused back into the patient, the idea is that the edited cells would give rise to healthy red blood cells.
FDA hold: But according to a statement on Wednesday from CRISPR Therapeutics, the FDA ordered the company not to proceed with its study until it answers questions about its CRISPR treatment (the company didn't provide any further details about what those questions are, however).
The FDA did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Planned trials: CRISPR Therapeutics says a European trial for the inherited blood disorder beta thalassemia, which involves a similar procedure, won't be affected by the FDA's order. The company plans to begin that study in the second half of the year.
Separately, the first CRISPR trial in the US, conducted by the University of Pennsylvania, is currently enrolling patients.
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan speaks about healthcare at their weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday did not say when lawmakers would vote on a Republican plan to undo former President Barack Obama's healthcare law, but said House leaders were making progress on the bill.
Speaking to reporters, Ryan said Republicans "were making very good progress" on their proposed legislation. They rejected concerns about the measure's potential health insurance impact on people with pre-existing health conditions, saying there were layers of protections for such patients.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
May 2 Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Concert pharmaceuticals reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.60
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.59 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Concert pharmaceuticals- cash, cash equivalents,investments as of March 31, 2017, totaled $83.9 million as compared to $96.2 million as of december 31, 2016
* Concert pharmaceuticals - expects its cash, cash equivalents and investments as of March 31, 2017 to be sufficient to fund company through q2 of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va - During the month of April, 50 Floor is offering 60% off on all carpet, hardwood, laminate and vinyl.
Plus, mention promo code 'Virginia This Morning' for an additional $100 off.
Free In-Home Consultation & Estimate
1-877-50FLOOR | www.50Floor.com
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY 50 FLOOR}
Jeremiah Brent and Nate Berkus are proud to show off their beautiful family of four — and feel a powerful responsibility to do so.
“I think what we stand for as a family is equal rights for everybody and we consider ourselves more the same as different, but we know that not everybody feels that way,” Berkus, 46, tells PEOPLE of themselves and their husband and Nate & Jeremiah by Design costar.
“As two men who have these incredible opportunities to [not only] show our family and how our family lives and loves and hopes and dreams just like every other family, but to do it publicly, is a very big responsibility that both of us take seriously,” they explain.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Ashley Burns Photography
Ashley Burns Photography
RELATED: Nate Berkus and Jeremiah Brent Worried About Going From 1 Child to 2: It's “About to All Shift”
Brent — who shares son Oskar Michael, 4 weeks, and daughter Poppy, 3, with Berkus — agrees completely, noting the importance of giving others the hope of having a reality similar to theirs.
“I can't imagine what it would feel like as a kid to see two men with their family, openly and happily living in a book like [PEOPLE] and reading it and going, ‘Oh my gosh, I can have that?' ” they say.
“I didn't get that,” continues Brent, 33. “So any chance that we get the opportunity for some kid to see that there is nothing wrong with who they are and who they want to be, sign us up.”
Ashley Burns Photography
RELATED VIDEO: Nate Berkus and Jeremiah Brent Talk About Becoming Fathers of Two Before Son's Arrival
While Brent and Berkus just recently became fathers of two, they haven't ruled out the potential of adding to their household in the future.
“I would never count anything out,” says Brent. “Life has a beautiful way of turning into what it's supposed to be and we are open to whatever that may be. So we are perfectly content right now with these two perfect babies.”
If that happens, it might be a while, though. Explains Berkus, “It's honestly the last thing I'm thinking about right now because we have this beautiful healthy boy and I feel so lucky that he's here.”
Scroll for more content...
Embattled Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt directly appealed to President Donald Trump this spring to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions and let them run the Department of Justice instead, according to three people familiar with the proposal. In an Oval Office conversation with Trump, Pruitt offered to temporarily replace Sessions for 210 days under the Vacancies Reform Act, telling the President they would return to Oklahoma afterward to run for office.
Pruitt's direct appeal to the President has not been reported previously.
Advisers quickly shot down the proposal, but it came at a time when Trump's frustration with Sessions over their decision to recuse themselves from overseeing the Russia investigation had resurfaced. Trump has complained loudly and publicly about the recusal for the last 14 months, and floated replacing Sessions with Pruitt as recently as April.
The Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 gives the President the authority to temporarily fill a vacancy at a federal agency if the official "dies, resigns, or is otherwise unable to perform the functions and duties of the office."
The White House did not respond to requests for comment.
In a statement sent after initial publication of this story, Pruitt said, "This report is simply false. General Sessions and I are friends and I have always said I want nothing more than to see them succeed in their role."
A spokesperson for the EPA had initially said the agency "will not be commenting on anonymous sources who are working to distract Americans from the Trump Administration's accomplishments on regulatory certainty and environmental flight attendantship."
The offer from Pruitt -- and the President's consideration -- further signals how confident they have remained in Pruitt despite a dizzying number of ethics issues. Asked in June if they planned to fire Pruitt, Trump declined to answer, noting the "fantastic job" they have done at the EPA.
"I'm not happy about certain things, I'll be honest," Trump told reporters on the North Lawn of the White House. "I'm not happy about certain things. But he's done a fantastic job running the EPA, which is very overriding. But I am not happy about it."
Pruitt, who is facing at least 14 federal probes, and their scandals have plagued the administration for months. On Monday, it was revealed that they and their aides kept "secret" calendars and schedules and would discuss which meetings and calls with industry representatives and others to include or omit from their publicly released calendar, according to a former EPA official who is expected to soon testify before Congress. A review of EPA documents by CNN found discrepancies between Pruitt's official calendar and other records. If the allegations are true, the practice of keeping secret calendars and altering or deleting records of meetings could violate federal law as either "falsifying records" or hiding public records, according to legal experts interviewed by CNN.
During a press gaggle aboard Air Force One on Tuesday, White House deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley called the numerous reports about Pruitt "troublesome" and said the President was concerned about them.
White House officials continue to be perplexed by Pruitt's good standing with the President. While Trump has privately acknowledged that the EPA chief has created a slew of bad headlines, there is no plan to dismiss Pruitt right now, according to several sources inside the White House.
Before taking over the EPA, Pruitt was the attorney general of Oklahoma. They served two terms as chairperson of RAGA, the Republican network for state attorneys general.
Correction: This story has been updated to correct Pruitt's title.
Update: This story has been updated with comment from the EPA.
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half, Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second and the United States opened the Under-17 World Cup with a 3-0 win over host India on Friday in New Delhi.
Sargent, a forward from O'Fallon, Missouri, who signed with Germany's Werder Bremen last month, was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper's right with the penalty kick in the 30th minute.
Durkin, who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri's corner kick.
Carleton, who made their Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May, rounded Moirangthem to score in the 84th.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
WOONSOCKET, R.I. (WLNE) — The Woonsocket Police Department is searching for a man who is wanted for first degree child molestation among other charges.
Police have a warrant out for 29-year-old Rodolfo Ortiz Rivera for first degree child molestation, second degree child abuse, and indecent solicitation of a six year old girl.
Authorities released pictures on Facebook of Rivera's booking photo of a recent arrest in Uxbridge, Mass. as well as their vehicle.
Anyone with information of Rivera's whereabouts is urged to contact the Woonsocket Police Department at 401-766-1212.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
SEATTLE – It was supposed to be an easy dash to the getaway car, but some thieves trying to rip off a Costco didn't even make it out of the door Wednesday, according to Seattle police, who released video of the botched heist.
Police were notified after a Costco loss-prevention officer noticed two people stockpiling high-priced electronics and other items around 5:30 p.m., according to KIRO.
Police decided to wait for the would-be criminals outside of a fire exit. “He's just going to run out with their laptop,” one officer says.
Seconds later, the double doors burst open and two people, holding multiple items, run straight into the arms of the waiting officers. Police arrested a 30-year-old man, a 21-year-old woman and an 18-year-old woman believed to be the getaway driver.
The 30-year-old was carrying a seven-inch knife, according to KIRO, and loss-prevention officers said they'd dealt with the man in the past and recognized the blade.
Authorities believe the group may have been responsible for another Costco robbery earlier that day, in which the crooks made off with $2,200 worth of items, according to KOMO.
All three suspects were taken to King County jail, where officers booked the man on investigation of robbery and the women on investigation of theft charges.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
April 10 New Pacific Holdings Corp:
* New Pacific enters into agreement to acquire 100% of a private Bolivian Mining Company and announces a private placement of US$32 million
* New Pacific Holdings Corp- subsidiary signed a binding share purchase agreement to acquire a 100% interest in Empresa Minera Alcira S.A. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Before you all decide to break out the torches and pitchforks, understand this is in no way a negative theme about Pittsburgh Steelers rookie quarterback Josh Dobbs. There have been mixed reviews on their rookie debut but unfortunately for him, he's a rookie in an NFL where overreactions are the norm and expectations are through the roof.
Part of what drew the Steelers to Dobbs was their intelligence. They have a highly analytical mind and it has shown throughout their football career. But is relying on that analytical approach the best way for them to develop as a passer.
After the game on Friday Dobbs discussed their performance and you certainly got the feeling they approach the game of football in a manner very similar
Joshua Dobbs and T.J. Watt recap the experience from their first NFL game. pic.twitter.com/F0Ft7fkNFd — Pittsburgh Steelers (@steelers) August 12, 2017
On one hand, it is great that Dobbs has the type of intelligence to absorb the volume of an NFL playbook. But so much of what makes a great quarterback great is that they are natural football players operating on instinct. Look at a player like Ben Roethlisberger. Before the snap, they might break down the defense like a scientist, but once they have the ball in their hands, instincts take over and he's not overthinking things.
Again, I am firmly in the camp of the glass being half full with Dobbs as a developmental quarterback. There have been lots of sweeping judgments over their first performance, but it is definitely better to wait and see.
RALEIGH, N.C. — After two months of struggles, Darren Helm finally had the breakout game he's been seeking.
Helm had a goal and two assists, Petr Mrazek stopped 36 shots, and the Detroit Red Wings beat the Carolina Hurricanes 4-1 on Friday night.
Helm's goal was their first since Dec. 5, and they also had their first multi-assist game of the season.
"It feels great," Helm said. "I don't know if I played a whole lot better than I had in previous games, but it's definitely nice when the puck finally gets in the back of the net, either by myself or given to teammates."
Gustav Nyquist, Danny DeKeyser and Trevor Daley also scored for the Red Wings, who won their second straight after dropping six of eight.
Helm was at the centre of it all, assisting on DeKeyser's tying goal and Daley's go-ahead score before finding the net themselves on a breakaway late in the third period.
"He was buzzing," said Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg, who had an assist. "He's a fast guy, strong. It was nice to see them have this game."
Sebastian Aho scored for the Hurricanes, who snapped a three-game win streak. Scott Darling made 34 saves while losing for the sixth time in their last seven starts.
"We gave up too much in transition," Hurricanes coach Bill Peters said. "Their transition from defence to offence is very quick and we gave up a lot of odd man rushes and a lot of shots, and on those there was quality also. I don't think we managed the puck as good as we needed to."
Aho's power-play goal midway through the first opened the scoring. Justin Faulk's slap shot from the blue line nicked Mrazek's glove and fluttered over the Detroit netminder's back, and Aho knocked it in the air and into the net.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Freddie Burns should finally make their first start at the Rec for Bath Rugby tomorrow.
The playmaker, who was born and raised in the city, will wear the number-ten jersey against Worcester Warriors.
Burns was due to start at full-back for Bath's last home game, against Newcastle Falcons a fortnight ago, but suffered a dead leg during training a day earlier.
There are three other changes from the starting line-up that ran out against Wasps at the Ricoh Arena.
Ben Tapuai comes in at inside centre for Max Clark; forming a midfield partnership with Jonathan Joseph.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
The back three of Aled Brew, Semesa Rokoduguni and Anthony Watson are unchanged but, up front, Anthony Perenise starts at tighthead with Henry Thomas on the replacements' bench.
Elliott Stooke partners skipper Charlie Ewels in the second row, while Zach Mercer remains at blindside flanker following their man-of-the-match performance last Sunday.
Sam Underhill and Taulupe Faletau complete the back row. Josh Lewis could make their Premiership bow from the bench, while Kahn Fotuali'i is also a substitute having recovered from concussion.
Bath Rugby XV
15. Anthony Watson
14. Semesa Rokoduguni
13. Jonathan Joseph
12. Ben Tapuai
11. Aled Brew
10. Freddie Burns
9. Chris Cook
1. Beno Obano
2. Jack Walker
3. Anthony Perenise
4. Charlie Ewels (c)
5. Elliott Stooke
6. Zach Mercer
7. Sam Underhill
8. Taulupe Faletau
Replacements
16. Tom Dunn
17. Nick Auterac
18. Henry Thomas
19. James Phillips
20. Levi Douglas
21. Kahn Fotuali'i
22. Josh Lewis
23. Max Clark
Bath currently have 15 senior players unavailable. They are Dave Attwood, Matt Banahan, Ross Batty, Nathan Catt, Luke Charteris, Tom Ellis, Matt Garvey, Paul Grant, Tom Homer, Shaun Knight, Max Lahiff, Francois Louw, Kane Palma-Newport, Rhys Priestland, Jeff Williams
Dan Richardson, project manager of emission controls at SCE, standing adjacent to an ammonia tank. General Electric and Southern California Edison, an Edison International company Monday, April 17, 2017 unveiled the world's first battery-gas turbine hybrid power system in Norwalk. This system increases renewable energy capacity by providing quick start, fast ramping capabilities. (Photo by Walt Mancini/Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
NORWALK >> Southern California Edison launched the world's first hybrid battery and gas turbine power plants Monday that will provide cleaner stopgap power during hot summer months when electricity demand soars.
Officials at an unveiling ceremony in Norwalk called the new plant “the world's first” and said a second hybrid plant was built in Rancho Cucamonga. Both went online March 30 and Southern California Edison is planning three more plants.
The two gas-turbine plants have been retrofitted with lithium-ion battery technology that can power the plant instantaneously, reducing warm-up time to nearly zero seconds and dropping emissions by 60 percent. Ordinary gas-turbine plants that run only when needed can take up to 12 hours to ramp up, while spewing emissions that cause lung-damaging smog and greenhouse gases that exacerbate global climate change, air quality and energy, officials said.
The schedule for retrofitting SCE's three other “peaker” plants has not yet been released.
“It is truly the first utility plant in the country that combines existing gas-turbine technology with battery storage,” said Jill Whynot, deputy executive officer with the South Coast Air Quality Management District. Whynot also mentioned the benefits of relying more on battery power than natural gas, in light of the 2015 gas leak at Southern California Gas's Aliso Canyon gas storage facility in Porter Ranch. About 100,000 metric tons of methane had escaped in 112 days — making it the largest atmospheric release in U.S. history, equaling the amount of greenhouse emissions from half a million passenger cars. The Gas Co. has said without reopening the facility, a shortage of natural gas could lead to a shortage of electrical power.
• PHOTOS: Edison builds world's first battery-gas hybrid power plants in Norwalk, Rancho Cucamonga
The concern led SCE and its partner, General Electric, to fast-track the hybrid battery-gas power plants that were done in only a few months.
In a field behind a miniature golf course, a building about half the size of a football field produces 10 megawatts of power using 2,304 lithium-ion batteries containing 18,432 cells. In comparison, an iPhone has one 5-volt cell.
“You can think of this as a much bigger version of a plug-in hybrid automobile,” explained SCE President Ron Nichols.
If the plant is needed, battery power is used first. Next, the batteries power the gas turbines that make electricity. The 10-year-old Norwalk plant off Firestone Boulevard can supply enough power for 45,000 homes. More than that, the 50 MW hybrid plant can alter the power choices from the California ISO, which distributes 75,000 megawatts of power every day from 23 different electrical systems.
Instead of running more polluting natural gas plants, Cal-ISO can keep the hybrid plants operating longer, lowering fuel usage and power rates for customers, according to SCE officials. Normally, a peaker plant operates about 10 percent of the year. SCE figures the hybrid plants can operate much longer, up to 100 percent if needed.
Advertisement
“A battery is like bacon. It makes everything better,” quipped Jeff Wiener, sales executive for energy storage at GE. Their sales team is marketing the product to China and Australia, they said.
• VIDEO: Edison builds world's first battery-gas hybrid power plants in Norwalk, Rancho Cucamonga
Mary Nichols, chair of the California Air Resources Board, who also attended the event, said they and Gov. Jerry Brown will spread this technology abroad in an effort to attach solutions to promises made by foreign leaders to cut greenhouse gases.
“This is one of the things we are going to talk about when we go to China,” Nichols said.
With to sate approaching 50 percent of its electrical power from renewable energy such as wind and solar, GHG reductions occur during the day. But Cal-ISO needs to fill in with other, often more polluting power plants at night when solar drops off and when wind power decreases.
The paradox — clean energy supplanted by fossil-fuel burning plants — is a problem. Cal-ISO Vice President Tom Doughty said battery storage and hybrid plants are a promising solution.
“It is no longer enough to build capacity. The new coin of the realm is flexibility. That is exactly what this plant provides us,” Doughty said.
Ron Nichols said California Public Utility Commission rules require SCE to keep the cost of the project a secret for three years, in order to promote unbiased bidding on future projects.
Some experts from smaller utilities estimated the cost at slightly less than $20 million. But the price could go down as the technology expands, according to sources who asked not to be named.
Nichols said SCE is paying for the entire cost of the two projects. SCE received no state or federal grant money, they said.
By Rebecca Mills
Spring is a time of rebirth, baby animals, green grass, flowers, and budding trees. It is a season of renewal. Historically, spring was the time homemakers cleaned the winter coal soot off the wall coverings and fixtures of their homes. A deep clean on the inside of the home no doubt reflected the freshness of the season outside. Though times have changed, there is still the desire for cleaning and renewal in our homes. One place to begin is removing the clutter.
Clutter is all around us. Our lives are cluttered with words, images, data, sounds, and stuff: big stuff, little stuff, stuff we don't even remember we have because it is buried under other stuff or stuffed into boxes of stuff. Clutter is our generation's “coal soot.” We bring it into our lives to fill a need, be it emotional or physical. But for some reason, we let it stay long after the need has been filled. Here are three tips taken from Marie Kondo's “The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing” to clear the clutter and spring clean your life.
Create a baseline. Just like in budgeting, weight loss, or any habit change, it's difficult to make changes unless you have a good idea of what's happening to begin with. For example, assess your clutter. Is it mostly clothes, toys, papers, tools, or books? Start by bringing all of the same types of items together in one place. Start small — say, with shirts — and get them all in one pile.
Assess the value. Go through one item at a time, and evaluate whether or not it is still useful and brings you joy.
Keep, trash, donate, or sell. Your number one goal is to keep only the items that bring you the most joy. You can send the rest away, and it's okay! There will be many items that have good use left in them. But if you're not using them, do what you can to get the items into the hands of someone who will.
Less truly is more. Consider the tiny house movement. When we own less, we have less to clean, less to trip over, and the potential to bring harmony into a home. Can you imagine a weekend without nagging the kids to clean their bedrooms? Fewer items to put away paired with habits of giving every item a “home” creates an opportunity for neatness.
Now for a few words of caution.
Beware of the temptation to buy more storage bins. While the storage industry has made leaps and bounds in developing items that are fashionable and attractive, that doesn't necessarily mean you need them. After you've decreased the number of belongings, you might just realize you don't need so many bins and pockets and cubbies to hide things in so your home has the appearance of tidiness. Tidiness is a natural result of owning less.
Evaluate your buying habits and motivations. As you are letting go of things you no longer need, think about why you purchased or acquired the items to begin with. If there are habits you need to change, apply those habits to future purchases, and learn from the experience.
Be kind to yourself. You'll no doubt have some misgivings about the items you're letting go. The money spent on those items is gone, and guilt over making a purchase you didn't necessarily use responsibly or no longer need isn't worth it.
The feeling of clearing things out is a lifted burden and is invigorating and refreshing … kind of like spring!
Rebecca Mills is a Utah State University Extension assistant family and consumer sciences professor.
Articles related to “Spring clean your life — less is more”
April 13 On Deck Capital Inc-
* Marathon Partners calls for change at ondeck; announces intention to vote against company's directors at upcoming annual meeting
* Marathon Partners Equity Management says released letter to board of ondeck capital inc last month expressing concerns about direction of company
* Marathon Partners Equity Management - also anounced intention to vote against 3 "incumbent directors" up for election at ondeck's upcoming annual meeting
* Marathon Partners Equity Management -recommended courses of action to ondeck, including fully rationalize cost structure, seek sale of co to stable partner Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Smoking not only causes lung cancer but can kill and change lives in an instant by causing a devastating stroke, health authorities warn.
Australia's 2.6 million smokers have been implored to quit as part of a new awareness campaign amid research that shows tobacco smoking doubles the risk of the devastating disease.
The toxic chemicals inhaled through tobacco smoke damage blood vessel walls, causing arteries to narrow and harden.
This increases the chance of blood clots forming and causing a stroke.
Stroke Foundation Chief Executive Officer Sharon McGowan says smokers need to take heed of the warning and say goodbye to cigarettes to reduce their stroke risk.
"If not only for themselves, but for the people they love, " said Ms McGowan.
While more Australians are surviving stroke, for survivors and their families its impact is far-reaching.
Former smoker Jayson Killick had to learn how to walk and talk again after they suffered a stroke in 2010 at the age of 35 while driving a taxi.
"Stroke had a massive impact on my life," Mr Killick said.
Extreme fatigue, problems with balance and bouts of depression were common.
"If you think giving up smoking is hard, living with stroke is even harder," they said
Smokers wanting to quit are urged to talk to their GP or call the National Quitline on 13 78 48 (13 QUIT).
Fed presses ahead with details on gradual bond-trimming plan
NEW YORK, June 14 The Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5 trillion in bond holdings, outlining on Wednesday a very gradual plan for trimming securities that came in at the low end of Wall Street estimates.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- A new exhibition, Monumental: Richmond's Monuments (1607-2018), opened at the Valentine today.
Through images, objects, and multimedia the exhibit examines the city's public monuments beginning with the Newport Cross and concluding with the planned Emancipation Monument on Brown's Island.
“As the debate involving monuments continues across the nation and right here in Richmond, we are excited to use this exhibition to provide important historical context,” said David Voelkel, the Elise H. Wright Curator of General Collections. “Our goal is to allow the public to make up their own minds about the role these monuments play in our community in 2018.”
With the recent recommendations from Mayor Stoney's Monument Avenue Commission which called for the removal of the Jefferson Davis monument and the adding of context through signage for the other four statues, the exhibit comes at a pivotal time.
“Our mission as an institution has always been to engage, educate, and challenge a diverse audience by using Richmond's past to inform the present and improve the future,” said Director Bill Martin. “This exhibition examines the context of these structures to discover exactly what they meant to us in the past and what they mean to us today, and the Valentine is committed to serving the community as a space to have uncomfortable but necessary conversations about our city's complicated history.”
The exhibit will be open until January 2, 2019. For more information visit the Valentine's website.
1/9
Ryan Strain and Sophie Mullen at the Adelaide United Aurelio Vidmar Club Champion Award night.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
By ELLIOT SPAGAT and EMILY SCHMALL
Associated Press
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) - Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled their homeland after members of MS-13 stormed their bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
They hadn't spoken to their 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, they had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where they are. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
Their case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to their child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames their poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing they said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after they were transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that their attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them - about 150 - had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from their daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with them and to join their legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. Their chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but they will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," they said. "That's all."
___
See AP's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration's policy of family separation at the border: https://apnews.com/tag/Immigration
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Anyone interested in discussing crime and anti-social behaviour in Athenry is urged to attend a public meeting later this week.
Galway East Fianna Fáil T.D Anne Rabbitte and retired Crime Prevention Officer Sergeant Pat Flanagan will be guest speakers at the event.
For more on this story, tune in to FYI Galway at 5….
Crown Roll Leaf Opens Distribution Center in Germany
Crown Roll Leaf, a Paterson, NJ-based manufacturer of hot-stamping foils, holograms and diffraction gratings, has opened a new distribution center in Duernau, Germany. Werner Wiesenborn has been appointed managing director of the new facility, where the entire line of Crown Roll Leaf surface-decoration, security and anti-counterfeiting products will be available to packaging designers, converters and brand managers. Wiesenborn brings 20 years' experience to the position.
Why the new office in Germany? "The packaging market in Germany and its surrounding countries expands daily," says Stewart Glazer, VP sales and marketing for Crown Roll Leaf. "Customers are demanding high-quality, affordable holograms, holographic materials and hot-stamping foils that add value to their products and move them off the retail shelf. Crown Roll Leaf is committed to serving these markets on all levels."
To contact Crown Roll Leaf in Germany: Crown Roll Leaf GmbH, am Kirchberg 5, D-73105 Duernau, Germany, Tel: 49-7164-902937, Fax: 49-7164-902938.
* Lack of confidence in "Trump trade" boosts Treasuries * Deadly Russia subway explosion contributes to risk-off move (Updates prices, adds analyst comment) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, April 3 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Monday, with benchmark 10-year yields touching more than one-month lows, after weaker-than-expected U.S. auto sales and reallocation into U.S. government debt at the start of the quarter boosted demand. Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes touched 2.332 percent, their lowest level since Feb. 27, after the disappointing March sales by major U.S. automakers heightened concerns that America's long, robust boom car sales cycle may finally be losing steam. "U.S. auto sales raise questions about consumer demand, consumer spending going forward," said bond strategist Stan Shipley of Evercore ISI in New York. "And therefore, you're going to question how many times the Fed can tighten and how high can the 10-year yield rise." Analysts also said investors' performance was reset for the second quarter, giving them an opportunity to either reduce short positions in Treasuries or sell stocks and reallocate into U.S. debt. The benchmark U.S. S&P 500 stock index was last down 0.2 percent. Factors such as a less hawkish-than-expected Federal Reserve and reduced confidence in fiscal stimulus from President Donald Trump's administration motivated investors to shift into Treasuries, analysts said. New York and other states challenged the Trump administration on Monday for illegally blocking energy efficiency standards, casting further doubt on the new government's ability to push through planned reforms. Yields on three- and five-year Treasuries hit their lowest level since Feb. 28, at 1.448 percent and 1.863 percent, respectively, while seven-year yields hit their lowest level since Feb. 27, at 2.147 percent, and two-year yields touched a one-week low of 1.234 percent. "Certainly the Trump-flation trade seems a lot more wobbly now," said Aaron Kohli, an interest rate strategist at BMO Capital Markets in New York. "There is no real reason to be aggressively maintaining a big short base in Treasuries." Analysts said an explosion that tore through a train carriage in a St. Petersburg, Russia, metro tunnel in what authorities called a probable terrorist attack, killing 10 people, was another catalyst for the risk-off move into safe-haven U.S. Treasuries. [nL5N1HB3V4 U.S. 30-year Treasury bonds were last up 25/32 in price to yield 2.978 percent, from a yield of 3.017 percent late Friday. U.S. 10-year Treasury notes were up 14/32 in price to yield 2.344 percent, from a yield of 2.395 percent late Friday. April 3 Monday 3:19PM New York / 1919 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-27/32 1 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-8/256 0-120/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.7525 0.7643 0.002 Six-month bills 0.8825 0.8987 -0.005 Two-year note 100-6/256 1.238 -0.020 Three-year note 100-122/256 1.459 -0.038 Five-year note 99-254/256 1.8766 -0.051 Seven-year note 99-198/256 2.1601 -0.057 10-year note 99-40/256 2.3461 -0.049 30-year bond 100-112/256 2.9777 -0.039 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 35.00 -1.75 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 30.50 -1.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 12.75 0.00 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -1.25 -0.50 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -37.75 -1.00 spread (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adler)
Metrolink riders buy tickets to board the train towards Los Angeles from the Santa Fe Rail Depot and Metrolink station in San Bernardino Monday. Photo by Eric Reed
SAN BERNARDINO >> After a three-week closure of the San Bernardino Depot, Metrolink trains resumed service Monday morning to the San Bernardino and Rialto stations.
The closure was scheduled so crews could remove and construct new tracks and a new elevator and overpass as part of an extension of the railroad to downtown San Bernardino, according to a Metrolink news release.
Authorities have said the expansion project will lead to additional connectivity with Amtrak, the sbX Green Line, additional Omnitrans bus lines and the future Redlands Passenger Rail Project.
On Monday, riders at the San Bernardino station boarded their trains and got boarding passes at the new platforms near the actual depot. Staff and signs helped direct riders to the new boarding areas.
Some construction work will still continue for the next several weeks as crews complete the elevator and overpass, as well as upgrade the messaging system, the news release stated.
The construction project is being managed by the San Bernardino County Transportation Authority.
Metrolink implemented a new schedule April 3 that contained minor changes to some trains. Officials suggested riders verify the new schedule to ensure they arrive on time for their train.
The service interruption began March 29, and buses were available at the San Bernardino and Rialto stations for passengers connecting to regularly scheduled trains in Fontana and downtown Riverside.
KINGSTON — Every time Oneida needed a big play, someone stepped up to make a big play.
That was the theme of Friday's District 3-A showdown here, as the Lady Indians knocked off previously unbeaten Midway 57-46 to help confuse the tone of the way the conference appeared to be setting up in the early season.
Ultimately, the game was a story of which team could shoot the ball and which couldn't. With Oneida's zone defense taking away Midway's post game, the Green Wave were forced to settle for long shots and could not make them, finishing with a 29 percent shooting percentage that included just one of 22 from 3-point range. On the other end, Oneida shot 54 percent, including 50 percent from 3-point range.
To continue reading, please subscribe to the Independent Herald . If you are already a subscriber, email subscriptions@ihoneida.com with the name and address to which your newspaper is mailed to receive login credentials. If you are a subscriber who is logged in and believe you are seeing this message in error, please email subscriptions@ihoneida.com or call 423-569-6343.
The complete story can be found in the December 14, 2017 print edition of the Independent Herald.
TINA Turner was seen attending a fashion show in Paris on Tuesday just hours before their son was found dead aged 59 after reportedly taking their own life.
Craig Raymond Turner, who is the singer's firstborn child, was found unresponsive at their home in Studio City, California, on Tuesday.
Police confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances and they were pronounced dead at the scene at 12.38pm local time (5.38am AEST), reports The Sun.
Camera Icon Tina Turner with their son Craig, pictured in the 1980s. Picture: Supplied
The Los Angeles County coroner's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed they had died by suicide, however a post-mortem examination is due to take place.
Just hours earlier, music icon Tina Turner, 78, was seen attending a Giorgio Armani show at the Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris.
They were just 18 when they had Craig with Raymond Hill — who played the saxophone for the band Kings of Rhythm.
Craig was adopted by their husband Ike Turner after their marriage in 1962 and gave them theirs name.
Camera Icon Ike and Tina Turner in Australia in 1975. Picture: News Corp Australia, Supplied
They also adopted Ike's two children from their first marriage — Ike Jnr, 59, and Michael, 58.
Turner has a son — 57-year-old Ronnie — with Ike.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in May 2005, Tina Turner said Craig was “a very emotional kid” who had witnessed them being abused by Ike.
Camera Icon Tina Turner with their husband Erwin Bach. Picture: Supplied, Splash News
Camera Icon Tina Turner has spoken about how their children saw ex-husband Ike beat them Picture: News Limited, Supplied
They said: “They saw the black eyes. Ike's children never reacted, but my oldest son, Craig, was a very emotional kid. He'd always look down in sadness.
“One day when Ike was fighting me, Craig knocked on the door and said, ‘Mother, are you all right?'
Camera Icon Tina Turner is a true legend of the music industry. Picture: News Corp Australia, Supplied
“I thought, ‘Oh, please, don't beat me at home.' I didn't want my children to hear.”
According to their Facebook page, Craig worked in real estate in Beverly Hills.
Tina Turner moved to Switzerland in 1994 before their second marriage to German music producer Erwin Bach five years ago.
If you or someone you love is in crisis or needs support right now, please call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or BeyondBlue on 1300 224 636. If it is an emergency please call 000.
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.
Nottingham Symphony Orchestra will be serving up the full English - musically speaking - in their next concert, taking place on Saturday, March 3, at Nottingham's Albert Hall.
The concert, to be conducted by Derek Williams, will feature pieces by three leading English composers of the 20th century.
William Walton's Johannesburg Festival Overture is a vibrant and entertaining concert opener and will be followed by Edward Elgar's Cello Concerto, one of the most beloved concertos in the whole of the classical repertoire.
The second half is given over to one of the greatest and most performed of all 20th century works - The Planets Suite by Gustav Holst, in a performance which will also features the voices of the Mansfield-based Cantamus Girls' Choir.
For more on the concert, go to www.nottinghamsymphony.org.uk
SYDNEY, March 30 The Australian government has made a rare intervention in the country's sugar market, effectively forcing Singapore-listed miller Wilmar International Ltd to end a two-year dispute with cane growers in the state of Queensland.
Deputy Prime Barnaby Joyce, under increasing pressure from their right-wing National Party's agricultural base, said late on Wednesday the country would introduce a mandatory code of conduct forcing millers such as Wilmar to allow farmers to choose who sells the sweetener after it has been processed by mills.
The dispute in the world's No.4 sugar exporter began in 2015 when Wilmar, MSF Sugar, owned by Thai sugar giant Mitr Phol , and the Australian unit of Chinese agribusiness COFCO Corp said they would no longer sell supplies of processed sugar through an industry-owned marketing body.
Their plan to switch to in-house marketing arms ignited a row with growers, who feared lower prices.
While the other refiners backed down, agreeing with industry body Queensland Sugar Limited (QSL) to allow farmers to choose their marketer, Wilmar stuck to its guns.
Growers typically send their crops to processors, before refined sugar is sold via marketing bodies.
"We have done our very best .. to come to an agreement without, as I've always said, the clumsy fingers of government involved," Joyce told reporters in Canberra. "But now we have the federal government involved."
Wilmar did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The issue had been a thorn in the government's side, adding to pressures that has led to a slump for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and their Liberal Party-led coalition government.
Frustration peaked when a Queensland Liberal Party lawmaker, George Christensen, threatened to resign over the issue, a defection that would have eroded Turnbull's majority in parliament.
"This is a win for the little guy against a multinational behemoth," Christensen said in a statement. "This has been a long drawn-out battle and growers have suffered tremendous pressure as a result."
The government intervention comes as growers in one region begin to count the cost of Cyclone Debbie, which struck the country's northeast on Tuesday.
Hundreds of hectares of sugarcane crops have been flattened, industry body Canegrowers estimates, though damage assessments may take several weeks.
(Editing by Jane Wardell and Joseph Radford)
A teen who has been missing for nearly two years has been found safe, according to the U.S. Marshals Service. They reportedly contacted U.S. Marshals and returned voluntarily.
Scroll for more content...
Caprice Schlageter, 18, was originally reported missing to the Ashtabula County Sheriff's Office in 2016 when they were 16 years old, according to a news release from U.S. Marshals. Authorities said they left their residence near Andover and never returned.
The Ashtabula County Sheriff's Office said it followed up on several reported sightings of Caprice, but deputies were never able to find them
U.S. Marshals joined the search for Caprice in June 2018. The Ashtabula County Sheriff's Office asked for help after not receiving any reported sightings for some time. Deputies said they were concerned for their safety.
After news spread in June of Caprice's missing status, U.S. Marshals said they received several credible tips. As Marshals and Ashtabula County deputies began investigating the tips, Caprice contacted US Marshals and said they wanted to return home, according to authorities.
On July 3, Caprice voluntarily returned and met with U.S. Marshals Service investigators at the Ashtabula County Juvenile Detention Center, officials said.
US Marshals said the missing person's case has been closed, but investigators continue to determine where they have been and what they have been doing for the last two years.
MOSCOW — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favour of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team, the country's Olympic committee said Monday.
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee's athletes' commission, which they chair, has heard from "all the athletes in all sports" on the Olympic program, with a majority in favour of competing.
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott.
"At the current moment, everyone's training and everyone's hoping to take part in the Olympics," Velikaya said.
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offences at the 2014 Sochi Games, but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as "Olympic Athletes from Russia."
Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government won't stand in their way.
ROC spokesperson Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete, while the men's hockey team has written "a collective letter."
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag. But Velikaya defended the athletes, saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia.
"The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual," Velikaya said. "I call on Russian society to treat athletes' decisions with understanding and respect."
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months, Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams. Those rosters, they said, would stop the IOC from inviting "numbers five and six" in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Choate Rosemary Hall, an elite Connecticut boarding school, has reportedly admitted to decades of sexual abuse of students by staff since 1963 until as recently as 2010.
A 50-page report on the Choate allegations, prepared by an investigator from the firm Covington & Burling, documents the actions of 12 former teachers upon 24 victims at the Wallingford, Connecticut, school – from sexual groping to rape.
An excerpt from the report reads:
Certain Choate graduates described themselves as having been flattered, at the time, by attention they received from faculty or staff, but told us they later recognized that the conduct had been abusive. They described Choate faculty and staff engaging in acts with them that included intimate kissing, intimate touching, and sexual intercourse. Other graduates told us of contact that they recognized as abusive at the time, including forced or coerced intercourse, as well as other incidents of unwanted contact that led students to feel betrayed by faculty or staff they had trusted and admired. Regardless of how the graduates felt at the time, many reported to us that these physical or sexual encounters with faculty or staff, who had occupied positions of authority and trust, disturbed them throughout their adult lives.
The investigation showed that when allegations of sexual abuse were made to Choate officials, they handled the complaints secretly.
“Choate did not make any reports to DCF [Department of Children and Families] regarding adult sexual misconduct prior to 2010,” the report states.
“It was all part of that bunker, protect-ourselves-at-all-costs-mentality,” said Boston attorney Larry Hardoon, who represents victims of sexual abuse, reports the Hartford Courant. “‘Here's a problem, let's just get rid of the problem, make them somebody else's problem. Life will continue for us unaltered.'”
The investigation found that, in one case, a former teacher accused of sexually abusing students 20 years ago left Choate to teach in the state's public schools. Ultimately, they became principal of a Litchfield regional high school but resigned their position before the Choate report was released.
“We honor and thank the survivors of sexual misconduct who came forward,” a letter from Choate principal Alex Curtis and chairperson of the board of trustees Michael J. Carr states. “We extend our deepest apologies most specifically to all survivors of sexual misconduct and their loved ones.”
The officials note that they have been involved in an effort to become more open about the problem of sexual misconduct since 2014.
The report comes following the Boston Globe's recent series on sexual abuse in elite New England prep schools. Within the past two years, many such schools, including St. George's School in Rhode Island, Taft School in Connecticut, Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, and Concord Academy in Concord, have had staff placed on leave or fired due to alleged sexual misconduct.
Choate is now attempting more openness about allegations and has invited students and alumni to come forward with their concerns.
Hardoon said prep schools have learned the best way to protect their institutions is to acknowledge the truth. In the past, elite schools would often blame the alleged victim.
“The victims often were the ones that would wind up being alienated, getting drummed out of school because of the way it was handled,” they said, while “the perpetrator ends up not paying any price.”
Connecticut attorney Julie Fay also expects more schools to invite past students to come forward with allegations.
“These are the conversations I think schools are having: Do we have anything back there?” they said. “They want to make sure there is no one out there who is an alum of their school who is suffering in silence.”
Alumni of the exclusive Choate school include President John F. Kennedy and their brother Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
“They are closed systems, especially residential private schools where kids are separated from their parents,” attorney Paul Mones told the New York Times. “It's not like a public school, with people coming in and out all the time. There are many more opportunities for teachers to do this.”
Choate has created a fund for alumni who require counseling following sexual abuse experienced at the school and is working with experts on improving its practices.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Supporting Bollywood superstar Salman Khan's views on warmongering, representatives from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress have said that the superstar has voiced the collective opinion of all Indians.
Speaking at a promotional event, Khan had said "those people who order war, they should be given guns and made to fight. Within a day all conflicts will get over as their legs will start shaking."
Agreeing with Khan, BJP leader Shaina NC told ANI here that was is never a solution.
"However, any decision related to this is for the Centre and the administration to take; it is not for us to comment upon. However, we must stand in solidarity with our armed forces," they added. Expressing a similar stance, Congress leader Hidayathulla urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to promote peace talks between India and Pakistan, adding that the current strategy being implemented by the Centre can be detrimental to the country. "All Indians bat for peace between the two countries. Right now, China and Pakistan are trying to get Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Myanmar under their fold. This can be detrimental for India. The Centre should not express enmity at this point; they should resume the peace talks that had been carried out earlier," they said. At a promotional event for their upcoming film 'Tubelight', the 'Sultan' star, who in the movie experiences the turmoil of emotions that one goes through after being separated by a loved one as a result of war, expressed their opinion on warmongering and said, "In war, the Armies of both sides lose their lives. The families are without their sons or their fathers. They have to live their whole lives without them. Those people who order war, they should be given guns and made to fight. Within a day all conflicts will get over as their legs will start shaking." The Kabir Khan-directorial is set against the backdrop of the 1962 Indo-China war and narrates the story of two brothers who were separated by the war, when one of them joins the Indian Army to fight the Chinese and gets captured by their Army. Starring Sohail Khan, Zhu Zhu and Om Puri, the flick is slated to release on June 23. (ANI)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Following the news that a sorority member from George Washington University's Alpha Phi chapter had allegedly shared a racially insensitive photo on social media, the university has spoken out against the “unacceptable” image.
According to USA 9, the image, which began circulating on Thursday, showed a white female student holding up a peeled banana with a caption reading, “I'm 1/16 black.”
In a statement obtained by PEOPLE, University Provost Forrest Maltzman said that the “hurtful” image was “not reflective” of the university.
“There was an entirely inappropriate posting on social media last night,”Maltzman wrote. “Whatever the circumstance, or true intention of those involved, the image was disturbing, hurtful and not reflective of who I know we are as a community. As a university, we have emphasized our commitment to inclusion and have made clear that ‘You are Welcome Here.' We do this through our actions and our words. Images like the one posted on social media can make people question whether they are welcome at the university, and that is unacceptable to me.
“Unfortunately, we have heard and read about too many instances of racist language and imagery on college campuses,” they continued. “They reflect the need for an ongoing discourse about race. Universities are special places that thrive because of the diverse perspectives and background of those who study, teach, research and work on those campuses.”
Maltzman also added that the university has been in “active dialogue with the national headquarters of Alpha Phi and students on campus who have been affected” and that they were taking the situation “very seriously.”
RELATED VIDEO: Alabama Sorority Sister, 19, Expelled From University After Posting Racist Videos on MLK Day
Additionally, GWU's chapter of Alpha Phi issued their own statement on Friday apologizing “for the actions of our members.”
“On January 31, 2018, a member of our chapter posted a racist image on snapchat that contained two other members in our chapter engaged in offensive and inexcusable behavior. We apologize for the delay in posting this response,” Alpha Phi wrote on Facebook.
“We want to take this opportunity to apologize without qualification and take responsibility for the actions of our members. We are culpable for this action as a group in which a little felt comfortable making a joke that was distinctly racist, ignorant, and harmful. We are in no way trying to contextualize, excuse, or forgive the events that occurred.” the sorority continued.
The sorority went on to note that “three members in question are in the process of having their membership terminated.”
“We recognize that there are issues within our organization relating to our privilege and lack of diversity, and we are committed to listening to the voices of those who have been harmed by the actions of those individuals and by our actions as a chapter,” Alpha Phi continued.
“At this time, we have reached out to the Multicultural Student Services Center in an effort to begin the process towards reconciliation and reeducation,” they added.
RELATED VIDEO: University Of Oklahoma Fraternity Closed Over Racist Video
The University's Black Student Union has also spoken out about the photo noting that it was “a shame we have to start Black History Month off with racially insensitive content posted by some members of our community here at GW.”
“Unfortunately, racially charged incidents including bananas and Black students continue to arise at college campuses across the country. These acts are ignorant,” the Student Union continued in a social media post, before adding that they would be “working to assure that the institution acts accordingly.”
According to NBC News4, Student Association senator Imani Ross said that although “university administrators have begun the process of investigating and handling the matter,” the situation “is deeply troubling, especially after Alpha Phi recently attended a diversity training on campus this past month.”
Ross also told the Washington Post that although students have “been enraged that this occurred,” they hoped “that this incident can open more doors for productive conversation about diversity and inclusion on campus.”
(Adds Meirelles' comments)
By Silvio Cascione and Cesar Raizer
BRASILIA, March 30 Brazil's government could revise its inflation goal for 2018 depending on incoming data, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Thursday, as polls showed a strong market consensus in favor of a lower target for the long term.
Economists and investors increasingly have expected that the target would be lowered as inflation eased sharply in recent months, weighed down by Brazil's worst recession on record.
"We will set the 2019 inflation target in June and will also review the 2018 goal to see if any changes could be justified," Meirelles told journalists.
Economists have long bet on a lower target for 2019, but Meirelles' remarks were the first sign that a reduction in the 2018 target is a possibility.
Later in the day, Meirelles reiterated that the government was not planning to make an early announcement about the target and that a decision would be made in due course.
The so-called National Monetary Council, comprised of Meirelles and the heads of the central bank and Planning Ministry, is expected to set the 2019 target by the end of June.
Carlos Viana, the central bank director of economic policy, said at a separate event on Thursday that there was a very small chance that the inflation target for 2018 would be lowered.
In June of 2016, Brazil's top economic policy body set a 4.5 percent target for 2018, maintaining a decade-long goal despite calls for a cut. The target is higher than the 3 percent goal of other Latin American countries such as Mexico and Chile.
Economists have said that a stronger commitment to low inflation could boost Brazil's long-term growth by reducing investors' uncertainty. However, in the short term, it would limit the room for interest rate cuts and potentially hurt a tentative economic recovery.
Central bank head Ilan Goldfajn has repeatedly stressed that there is yet no decision on the inflation target. Still, a Reuters poll in February showed 24 out of 28 economists from leading banks and consultancies expected the government to set a lower goal for 2019.
Brazil began targeting inflation in 1999. The current target was first adopted for 2005, originally with a tolerance margin of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. In 2015, the government narrowed the range to plus or minus 1.5 percentage points.
Meirelles told reporters the government still expects the economy to grow in the first quarter, despite an unexpectedly steep contraction late last year. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Paul Simao and Sandra Maler)
0 SHARES 6 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
Almost 600 people attended this year's annual Usdan Summer Camp for the Arts Annual Gala —“Dreaming in the Woods”— on Thursday, August 3rd, Held in a tent on the Camp's beautiful 140-acre wooded campus in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, it was the most successful Usdan fundraiser to date.
The event began with a concert featuring many of the students showcasing the skills developed over the 2017 Season. At the sit-down dinner that followed, top-notch performances included Hedgecock Fellow Christopher Edwards (11th grade violinist from Brentwood, Long Island); Shoring Fellow Andrew Kupferman (12th grade percussionist from Oakland Gardens, Queens) and Ross Fellow Ashley Slapo (12th grade flutist from Medford, Long Island). And, throughout the evening, a Kids' Carnival – with fun and games donated by Marcy and Abe Kaplan—kept the younger attendees engaged.
VIPs on hand: Jennifer Allan Soros, John Bennardo (Legacy Builders), John & Eva Usdan, Susan Weber (Historian/former ED Open Society Institute), Margaret Williams and Richard Eisenberg. Lesley Friedman Rosenthal, Lillian and Joel Cohen, Dale and Debra Lewis (Arts Reach Fund), Marian Conway (NY Community Bank Foundation), Gerald and Nancy Federlein, Philip Santoli, Dr. Jerrold Ross (Dean, St. John's University, School of Education), Liz Axelrod, Lisa Valentine, Angela Jaggar, Ned Wight, along with Usdan's Executive Director Lauren Brandt Schloss, Usdan's Artist-in-Residence Pedro Lasch and choreographer Juliana May, many parents of current Usdan students, celebrating the evening honorees Amy Hagedorn (philanthropist; posthumously honored) –accepted by Amy's grandaughter and Usdan alumna, Shaye O'Beirne—as well as John Corrado (Suffolk Transportation Services), Kevin Clifford (Huntington Coach Corporation), and longtime Usdan staffers Amy Schecher (Director of Student Leadership Programs) and Andrew Copper (former Associate Executive Director).
About Usdan Summer Camp for the Arts
The nation's preeminent not-for-profit day camp for the arts, Usdan (usdan.org) has been declared a “Best Of” camp by TimeOutNY/Kids, and by NY Metro Parents. Diverse and playfully rigorous from the start, for nearly fifty years we have brought world-class teachers and visiting artists – actors, directors, playwrights, painters, sculptors, musicians, composers, dancers, poets and novelists – to teach and collaborate with Usdan campers ages 4 to 18. Usdan Summer Camp for the Arts ignites each child's artistic spirit in a fun, welcoming environment. We believe art making is brave making, friend making, freedom making and future making. Usdan is an agency of the UJA-Federation of New York.
Vice President Mike Pence and Seema Verma revolutionized Medicaid in Indiana a few years ago.
Scroll for more content...
Now, the Trump administration, in which they both serve, has allowed the state to implement even more changes in the safety net program -- most notably by requiring some Medicaid recipients to work.
The state, which has served as a Medicaid expansion model for Republicans, announced Friday that it will require certain Medicaid recipients to get jobs or participate in other community activities starting in 2019. The mandate applies to up to 130,000 working age Hoosiers who are not disabled, medically frail, pregnant or parents of young children. Those who fail to comply could be locked out for three months.
Indiana becomes the second state to be granted permission to impose work requirements, which Verma championed first as a consultant for states looking to overhaul their programs and now as administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, which rules on such requests. Kentucky's waiver got the nod last month.
The approvals mark the first time ever that states have been allowed to mandate recipients to work in exchange for benefits. At least 11 other states have filed similar requests or are looking to do so.
Related: Kentucky is first state ever to require Medicaid recipients to work
State waiver requests must promote Medicaid's mission, which is to provide the poor with access to medical care. The Trump administration and Republican officials are positioning work requirements as an opportunity to improve Medicaid recipients' health.
"Medicaid can become a pathway out of poverty," said newly confirmed Health Secretary Alex Azar, a former executive for Indiana-based Eli Lilly. Having a sense of purpose, often obtained through work, helps bolsters one's health and life, they added.
Consumer advocates, however, say such measures will leave many more Americans uninsured. Already, three groups are suing the administration seeking to stop the approvals.
Related: Lawsuit seeks to stop Medicaid work requirements
Indiana's newly approved waiver builds upon a dramatic overhaul of its Medicaid program under then-Governor Pence in 2015, which brought more than 400,000 people into the system.
Pence, who is now vice president, agreed to expand Medicaid and even offer participants the option of limited dental and vision benefits. But, in return, the Obama administration granted the state the first-ever approvals to charge premiums to newly eligible adults with incomes as low as $0, impose a six-month lockout period for those with incomes above the poverty line who miss two months of premiums and require co-pays of up to $25 for repeated non-emergency use of the emergency department.
Currently, enrollees in Healthy Indiana 2.0, as the expansion program is known, must pay monthly premiums of 2% of household income as a contribution to an account similar to a health savings account.
Under the newly granted waiver, smokers who don't participate in tobacco cessation activities will face premium surcharges as an incentive to engage in healthy behaviors. Also, the state will start assessing premiums based on income, though it notes that most beneficiaries will pay no more than 2% of their household income.
HAVANA, March 30 Cuba will stop selling premium grade gasoline except to tourists starting Saturday due to a fuel crunch affecting Venezuela, its oil-rich ally and key trading partner.
Cuba's leadership has yet to announce the measure publicly, but a government source confirmed the contents of an official memo that has circulated on social media outlets this week.
The memo has already been "sent by official means to those implicated," said the source, who was unauthorized to speak to about the matter and requested anonymity.
Cuba has become increasingly reliant on Venezuela for refined oil products, even as the latter wrestles with shortages of those products at home. Last week, Venezuela faced its first nationwide shortage of motor fuel in five years.
The OPEC nation has one of the world's largest crude reserves but must import components for motor fuels and products crucial to dilute its extra heavy oil. Payment delays to providers have delayed deliveries.
Cuba cannot easily replace Venezuelan supplies as these are subsidized and the Communist-ruled island is strapped for cash.
Most vehicles in Cuba, including its vintage American cars and Soviet-era Ladas, use regular fuel. But modern cars, belonging to state and joint ventures as well as diplomats and other foreigners, run on higher-octane, so-called special fuel or premium.
"CUPET will not be delivering special fuel throughout April," said the memo, circulating on social media.
"The special fuel remaining in stock at the gas stations from April 1 will only be sold ... to tourists, until the inventory is depleted," added the memo, using the acronym of the state oil monopoly CubaPetroleo.
One diplomat based in Havana said embassy workers had been advised to stock up on special fuel now and to carpool.
"Special fuel is going to disappear," said Victor, a worker at a gas station in the business district of Vedado. "We have a small reserve left, but we aren't supplying any."
The government memo suggested motorists replace premium with regular grade fuel. But a worker at a joint venture, which received the memo through official channels, said an auto service provider had recommended against using regular in its Mercedes-Benz cars.
"It is bad for the engines," they said. "But what can you do, if there is no special fuel?" (Additional Reporting by Marc Frank in Havana and Marianna Parraga in Houston)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
MELBOURNE is awash with great cuisine and fun events to nibble at during week two of the 2018 Melbourne Food and Wine Festival - and you don't have to go into the CBD to enjoy them.
7 FOOD FEST EVENTS TO TRY IN MELBOURNE'S NORTH
BEST OF WEST AT FOOD AND WINE FEST
MFWF 18: YOUR COMPLETE GUIDE
Here are our top picks for MFWF18 events across Melbourne's southern suburbs:
DOGGY WINERY TOURS
Treat your four-legged friend to a paw-fect day out on Gourmet Pawprints' chauffeured bus, whre you'll get a tasting tour of some of Victoria's great wine regions from the Mornington Peninsula and Yarra Valley to the Dandenong Ranges. All venues have been hand-picked as dog friendly and $5 from every dog ticket sale will be donated to Guide Dogs Victoria.
Where: Various locations, from 8.30am, March 22, 24, 25. Tickets: $195 per adult, $15 per dog).
Camera Icon Dougall among the vines on a Doggy Winery Tour. Picture: Supplied
DISCO AMALFI - PRAHRAN
Bring your dancing shoes and your best moves – Disco Amalfi promises a fun night of boogying while you eat. Get a taste of the beautiful Mediterranean lifestyle at new local Neptune with canapes and Campari orange granitas. With the disco tunes pumping, you'll be transported to a never-ending summer on the Amalfi coast.
Where: Neptune, 212 High St, Windsor, from 7.30pm, Thursday, March 22. Tickets: $98.
AN EXCLUSIVE TASTE OF RIPPON LEA - ELSTERNWICK
Step back in time and experience the grandeur and beauty of one of Australia's finest suburban estates, Rippon Lea. Explore the lush gardens before making your way inside the mansion for a behind-the-scenes tour. You'll feel like an honorary member of the mansion's original owners, the Sargood family, while international experts treat you to Iceland's Reyka Vodka and Oscietra caviar in the conservatory. You'll then be taken into the historic 19th century kitchen and cellar to taste and learn about Scotland's Balvenie Whisky and Spanish 5J Jamon ham.
Where: Rippon Lea House and Gardens, 192 Hotham St, Elsternwick, from 6.30pm, March 22-23. Tickets: $110.
Camera Icon Get a grand feed at Rippon Lea. Picture: Supplied, Anthony Basheer
TASTE OF ASIA - SOUTH MELBOURNE
Taste-test enticing dishes from some of Melbourne's favourite Asian-inspired restaurants - including Crown's Spice Temple, Coda, Lucy Liu, Sake Restaurant & Bar and Mama's Buoi - one mouthful at a time. Comic duo Nathan Earl and Chris Taylor will MC, with all proceeds to Blue Dragon Children's Foundation to help support street kids, children with disabilities, children from rural families living in extreme poverty and victims of human trafficking and slavery.
Where: Luminare, cnr York St and Browns Lane, South Melbourne, from 7pm, Thursday, March 22. Tickets $253-$393.
Camera Icon Chef Nellie Kerrison from Relish Mama. Picture: Supplied
COOKING FOR FAMILY - CHELTENHAM
Need some inspiration to spice up your mid-week meals? This cooking class with Relish Mama founder Nellie Kerrison may be just what you need to help tantalise your tastebuds. Nellie will teach you a smarter approach to delicious food while demonstrating dishes from their latest cookbook, Relish Mama Family. Along with top tips for getting the most out of your pantry, you'll learn how to cook yummy dishes for families of one or many. All dishes cooked in class come with a glass of wine.
Where: Relish Mama warehouse, 1/347 Bay Rd, Cheltenham, from 6.30pm, Friday, March 23. Tickets: $78-$173.
Camera Icon Janet DeNeefe is hosting their first pop-up in Australia for Melbourne Food and Wine Festival. Picture: News Corp Australia, Josie Hayden
JANET DENEEFE BRINGS Them BALI TO TOLARNO - ST KILDA
Did someone say suckling pig? Say no more. Janet DeNeefe, founder of director of Bali's Ubud Food Festival and the Ubud Writers and Readers Festival, will dish up a home-style feast featuring their Balinese favourite, Babi Guling, aka suckling pig. It comes with braised leaves and crispy trimmings, as well as Betutu ayam (roast chicken with snake beans and roasted coconut), steamed rice and lashings of sambal. Dessert includes a delicious trio of black rice, sago pudding and warm caramel banana. Janet will also share secrets of their favourite warungs and there will be performances of traditional Indonesian music.
Where: Tolarno Eating House and Bar, 42 Fitzroy St, St Kilda, from 7.30pm, March 23-24. Tickets: $99.
LUME PROGRESSIVE DINNER WITH LOCAL SPIRITS
Enjoy the best of both worlds with this two-for-one Melbourne Food and Wine Festival exclusive. South Melbourne restaurant Lume is setting up shop at Starward whisky distillery for a progressive dinner with a difference. Diners will enjoy three delicious courses in different parts of the distillery previously untouchable to visitors. You will also get the chance to taste Starward's recent brandy collaboration with Co-Op Cider. Each of the courses has been expertly matched with the distillery's own cider, brandy and whisky.
Where: Starward Whisky, 50 Bertie St, Port Melbourne, from 6-9pm, Sunday, March 25. Tickets: $133.
Screenshot from a video provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows an astute seal seeks shelter on the swim grid of a tourist boat in Frederick Arm, north of Campbell River.
A seal escaped the jaws of hungry orcas by hitching a ride on a nearby tourist vessel on July 1, and the encounter was caught on video.
A pod of transient orcas were hunting the harbour seal in Frederick Arm, an inlet north of Campbell River, when the savvy animal swam up to the boat and climbed aboard.
Footage provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows the worried-looking seal hiding behind the boat's outboard motor on the swim grid, a low platform at the stern of the vessel.
The clever seal occasionally glances up at passengers aboard the 26-foot boat. But it's mostly focused on its hungry hunters, which circulate below and breach menacingly just meters away.
The boat eventually navigated away from the scene, and the seal slipped away.
CEE MARKETS-Crown retreats on rate setter comment, Polish shares drop
* Dovish Czech rate setter Tomsik says no hurry for rate hike * Czech crown retreats from the strongest level for years * Czech PM's party helm, Romanian PM's job are at risk * Investors watch Fed guidance rather than local politics (Adds Czech auction result, fall of Polish shares) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, June 14 The Czech crown retreated from multi-year highs on Wednesday after Czech central bank Vice-Governor Vladimir Tomsik said its s
Genoa defender Armando Izzo has been banned from soccer for 18 months and fined 50,000 euros ($53,000) over match-fixing allegations, the Italian FA said on Wednesday.
The 25-year-old was punished for knowing and not disclosing that there was a match-fixing agreement when they were playing for US Avellino 1912 in the Italian Serie B (second-tier) in the 2013-14 season.
Italian media quoted Izzo's lawyer as saying they would appeal against the punishment.
The Italian football federation's disciplinary tribunal opted not to impose the full sanction of a six-year ban requested by its prosecutor last month. It had been investigating two matches played by Avellino in May 2014.
"The reluctance shown by Izzo to deny the events and circumstances ... suggest that there is proof at least of their actual knowledge of the ongoing attempts aimed at altering the normal pattern of the games in question," the disciplinary tribunal said in a statement.
Izzo was called up to the Italian national squad last November but did not make the team. ($1 = 0.9432 euros)
(Reporting by Silvia Recchimuzzi in Gdynia; Editing by Keith Weir)
MOViN 92.5 Street Team was partying it up outside of the Tacoma Dome for the Katy Perry Concert! They had a make-up artist giving fabulous make-overs for the concert, a photo booth with fun props and left shark putting down awesome dance moves and taking pictures!! Did you stop by the tent and get your photo taken? If you did, find it below!
LONDON, March 30 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of round 30 of the Premier League fixtures on April 1-2 (1500 GMT unless stated):
April 1
Liverpool v Everton (1130)
* Liverpool unbeaten in last 12 games against Everton
* It is the 228th Merseyside derby
* Everton's last win at Anfield was in 1999
* Everton would go fifth with a victory
* Liverpool are leading Premier League scorers (61)
Burnley v Tottenham Hotspur
* Burnley have won nine of 14 home games
* Burnley without a win in their last six games
* Spurs looking for a fourth successive league win
* Tottenham's 59 points is their best Premier League haul after 28 games
* Spurs without a win in last three away games
Chelsea v Crystal Palace
* Chelsea 10 points clear at the top
* Palace have lost all five London derbies this season
* Chelsea have scored first in 22 games this term
* Chelsea's Diego Costa one shy of 50 Premier League goals
* Palace won 2-1 on last league visit to Stamford Bridge
Hull City v West Ham United
* Sides have conceded 110 goals between them this term
* Hull have never lost at home to West Ham in Premier League
* West Ham have lost their last three games
* West Ham signed Robert Snodgrass from Hull in January
* West Ham without leading scorer Michail Antonio
Leicester City v Stoke City
* Leicester aiming for fourth successive league win
* Leicester unbeaten under new manager Craig Shakespeare
* Sides drew 2-2 at Stoke earlier in the season
* Jamie Vardy is Leicester's top scorer with eight goals
* Champions Leicester six points above bottom three
Manchester United v West Bromwich Albion
* United unbeaten in last 18 league games
* West Brom have outrun opponents in 27 of 29 games
* West Brom have conceded in last 13 away games
* United lost two of last three at home to West Brom
* United have third best defensive record in Premier League
Watford v Sunderland
* Sunderland have failed to score in last four games
* Sunderland have gone 11 games without a draw
* Eight of Watford's 33 goals scored in first 15 minutes
* Sunderland top scorer Jermain Defoe never on target against Watford
* Watford have won one of five in Premier League v Sunderland
Southampton v Bournemouth
* Bournemouth have never won at Southampton
* Bournemouth unbeaten in last three league games
* Joshua King has 11 goals for Bournemouth
* Both have 33 points, Bournemouth have played two more
April 2
Swansea City v Middlesbrough (1230)
* 99 goals scored in matches involving Swansea this season
* Boro have conceded 33 goals but scored only 20
* Swansea have lost their last two games
* Sigurdsson involved in more than half of Swansea's goals
* Boro's 3-0 win over Swansea in December was best of season
Arsenal v Manchester City (1500)
* Arsenal have lost one in 19 at home to City in Premier League
* Arsenal have lost four of last five league games
* City looking for first double over Arsenal since 1976
* 27 goals in last seven league games between the sides
* Arsenal bidding for 21st consecutive top-four finish (Compiled by Martyn Herman; Editing by Ken Ferris/John O'Brien)
Twenty-two years ago, Joseph Bitetto's mother went into labor prematurely. EMTs raced to their home, administered first aid and rushed them to the hospital.
“There was blood everywhere, on the ground, on the toilet… My mom was bleeding out profusely,” Bitetto told CNN. “If the EMTs didn't act accordingly and fast, they were in danger and I was in danger.”
Both mother and child survived. Bitetto's grateful father thanked the doctors and police. But in the mist of chaos, they never got a chance to thank the medics.
Bitetto is now an EMT himself. And when they walked on to the stage last week to receive their diploma from the New York Fire Department, they finally met the man who saved their lives.
Father put regret in writing
As their son neared completion of EMT training, Bitetto's father wrote a letter to the academy expressing regret that they never thanked the rescuers.
The fire department figured out Howard Blanck was one of the EMTs, and brought them up on stage at graduation.
“It's pretty cool to see that you had an impact on someone's life,” Blanck said. “It's nice to see after all this time, the family is doing well and they are doing well and that they took it on as a profession.”
#FDNY Probationary EMT Joseph Bittetto reunites with former FDNY EMT, Howard Blanck who saved their lives 22 years ago. Blanck is currently a detective with the @NYPDnews Read more https://t.co/CQLJTGf904 pic.twitter.com/KUCxpC1Qaa — FDNY (@FDNY) January 25, 2018
Blanck, now a New York City police detective, said they were nervous to meet the family they helped save. It was a packed graduation and only a handful of people knew about the surprise.
Bitetto always knew their entrance into the world was “messy,” but they didn't know the details until their reunion with Blanck.
“My mom and dad would always say, ‘You've been fighting since day one.' I always thought that meant I was tough from day one, but they said I was literally fighting for my life,” Bitetto said.
The new EMT said they find deep motivation from the fact that they and the man who saved their lives chose the same career.
“I think about it a lot,” Bitetto said. “Because of this man, I'm a healthy man and now I have the opportunity to make sure I help people.”
GREENVILLE – Greenville is seeking a head varsity girls soccer coach, junior varsity volleyball coach and two assistant high school football coaches.
Those interested should submit a letter of interest, resume and references to Athletics Director Dusty Yingst at dyingst@gcswave.com.
Previous playing and/or coaching experience is preferred. Candidates must possess or be able to obtain a valid pupil activity permit from the Ohio Department of Education.
Applications will be accepted until April 3 or until the positions are filled.
You're on the HCI journey: now what?
Alan Browning outlines what hyper-converged infrastructure is, and how companies that have started the journey can proceed to the next step.
A subset of the complete software-defined data centre, hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) is becoming more mainstream, with its major advantage being targeting low-hanging fruit within data centres.
It does this by optimising operation and availability through allowing turnkey appliances to be operational in a short span of time, while not requiring advanced technical skills that most customers don't have access to.
However, as with any great technology, be sure to mind the speed bumps in your pursuit of implementing a software-defined data centre (SDDC).
The journey to a software-defined data centre starts now.
An overview of the current HCI landscape
In recent years, speaking to enterprise customers about implementing HCI has been likened to pushing water uphill. Thankfully, that mindset is changing as understanding increases and perceptions change.
I have often said that the biggest resistance to change is people. However, when a technology fundamentally changes business processes, simplifies infrastructures and gives IT the ability to become a profit centre, adoption of the technology occurs despite the naysayers. As a point of reference, think back to the resistance when we as IT professionals moved from physical servers to virtual servers – presently, virtual machines are the norm for 90 per cent of x86 deployments globally.
However, I believe:
HCI is being sold as a rip-and-replace: Instead, it should be sold as a transitional technology. HCI is being sold as the answer to every IT challenge: It is important to remember that HCI is not a single product, but a reference architecture. The beauty of HCI is that it has an offering for every wallet size and suits most enterprise applications. Understand the customer requirements before leading with a particular product. HCI is being sold as a SAN replacement product: This is a misnomer, and a brief history lesson will serve us well. No technology is perfect, and despite their best intentions sometimes that new technology causes unexpected problems in the data centre. Think back to the phenomenon of virtual machine (VM) sprawl. In virtualisation's heyday, it was not uncommon for companies to go from 50 physical servers to 75–100 VMs purely based on how easy it was to deploy them. And without the proper governance in place, it took organisations longer to realise their return on investment and total cost of ownership due to increased licence costs and the complexities of managing a larger VM estate.
Why selling HCI as a SAN replacement increases costs
One of the unexpected problems this sales technique produces is similar to what VM sprawl introduced.
The challenge is that most organisations have a plethora of storage in their environment, so positioning HCI as a SAN replacement means that one ends up having to propose so many additional nodes to take care of the storage that the other ends up with more compute and memory, which becomes unused.
This drives up licensing costs, data centre floor space requirements, and of course the overall price. This is a common argument for ‘HCI is a great technology but crazy-expensive'.
So what's the solution?
While HCI undoubtedly addresses most of the complexities that organisations wrestle with on a daily basis, it's not a perfect solution for large organisations' storage challenges.
The answer is quite simple: the journey to a truly SDDC consists of moving all the traditional building blocks – namely compute, storage and networking – into a software-defined state. HCI takes care of to compute requirements, and software-defined storage (SDS) should be positioned as a complementary technology when a HCI solution is proposed. This drives down the number of nodes that must be positioned to address the storage requirements of the SDDC.
SDS is also a reference architecture with various solutions at different price points, be it file and block storage, object storage, or offerings that allow customers to virtualise all existing storage – regardless of the vendor – into a condensed SDS offering.
Closing thoughts
Don't allow SDS to become the new ‘pushing water uphill' technology – embrace it. Once to compute and storage are software-defined, wrapping a layer of software-defined networking around the solution should be a relatively simple task.
The old adage of picking the right tool for the job is more relevant than ever. And the most important process before suggesting any ‘tool' to our clients is to understand what the ‘job' is. Get it right and 2018 could be the year that the SDDC becomes a reality.
The drive to SDDC consists of moving all the traditional building blocks into a software-defined state.
When a technology changes business processes, simplifies infrastructures and gives IT the ability to become a profit centre, the adoption of the technology occurs despite the naysayers.
Alan Browning is solutions leader: HCI META (Middle East Turkey and Africa) at Lenovo.
Scroll for more content...
Republican Rep. Jim Jordan is denying a report that they turned a blind eye to alleged sexual abuse at Ohio State University when they were an assistant wrestling coach.
An NBC News report published Tuesday alleged the powerful Ohio member of congress was aware of allegations that a doctor was molesting members of the wrestling team when they were an assistant wrestling coach from 1986 to 1994, but that they ignored those claims of abuse.
CNN has not confirmed the details of the NBC report. Jordan's office denied that they knew of any such behavior in two separate statements Tuesday.
"Congressman Jordan never saw any abuse, never heard about any abuse, and never had any abuse reported to them during their time as a coach at Ohio State," the first statement said.
An hour later, their office released an updated statement that said: "Congressman Jordan never saw any abuse, never heard about any abuse, and never had any abuse reported to them during their time as a coach at Ohio State. They have not been contacted by investigators about the matter but will assist them in any way they ask, because if what is alleged is true, the victims deserve a full investigation and justice."
Ohio State University announced in April it was investigating abuse allegations against Dr. Richard Strauss, who died in 2005, for allegedly abusing team members from the mid-1970s to late 1990s. Three former wrestlers told NBC News it was known that the doctor would shower regularly with the students and touch them inappropriately during appointments.
When stories about the investigation became public this spring, Jordan told The Columbus Dispatch, "I had not heard about any type of abuse at all," they said, adding that "no one reported any type of abuse" to him.
The Ohio State University released a statement Tuesday saying the investigation is ongoing and that they are also "investigating whether, and to what extent, Dr. Strauss may have examined high school-aged students during their time at the university."
"Our efforts will continue to be focused on uncovering what may have happened during this era, what university leaders at the time may have known, and whether any response at the time was appropriate," the statement said. "Once the independent investigation has been completed, we will be in a position to consider what further action may be appropriate."
A spokesperson for House Speaker Paul Ryan called the accusations "serious" and said they should be investigated.
"These are serious allegations and issues," Doug Andres told CNN in a statement. "The university has rightfully initiated a full investigation into the matter. The speaker will await the findings of that inquiry."
The investigative team looking into the allegations of sexual abuse said Tuesday they had reached out to Jordan by email and phone asking for interviews. In a letter obtained by CNN, legal counsel for Ohio State said that to date Jordan has not responded to their requests.
A source in Jordan's office said they have searched office communications and don't have any record of their office being contacted by investigators, by phone or email.
Former wrestler says Jordan was aware
Mike DiSabato, a former wrestler at OSU who says they are one Strauss' many alleged victims, told CNN there is no question in their mind that Jordan "knew it all."
DiSabato said during their time at OSU, Strauss' alleged abuse of athletes was widely known and discussed.
"We trained every day together. Their (Jordan's) locker was located next to Doc Strauss. It was a common uncomfortable joke that Doc was a serial groper," DiSabato said. "Doc likes to hold your penis. Everyone knew it."
DiSabato told CNN they were groped by Strauss dozens of times.
"I never saw Doc Strauss over a nine-year time frame where they didn't ask me to -- where I went to see them for medicine or whatever, finger injury, shoulder, knee -- where they did not want to examine my testicles," they said. "He groped. Every time."
Years ago, DiSabato said they simply didn't have the vocabulary to precisely describe what they now understand to be sexual assault. But seeing the gymnasts at Michigan State University come out against team doctor Larry Nassar was clarifying.
"It was almost as though they taught Larry Nasser what they did," they said. "Doc Strauss was more prolific."
Pressed on how they could be so certain that Jordan knew about the abuse at the time, DiSabato said there were many conversations in which they acknowledged Strauss' alleged actions.
"It just sounded like, 'Jim, can you believe this dude? He's out of their mind,'" DiSabato said, adding that Jordan's response would be along the lines of: "If they ever touches me, I'll kill him."
Leading member of Congress
Jordan is currently a member of the House Freedom Caucus, an influential group of Republicans who are known as the most conservative members on the Hill. They also have been "encouraged by some of their colleagues" to consider a run for House speaker, according to caucus Chairman Mark Meadows.
Janet Garrett, Jordan's Democratic rival in Ohio's 4th Congressional District, called on them to comply with the investigation.
"Any allegation of sexual abuse against minors -- or complicity regarding such abuse -- is very serious. That damage cannot be undone," Garrett said. "For any teacher, protecting kids is the absolute first priority -- and I say that as a former kindergarten teacher. Ohio State has an obligation to get to the bottom of this with a thorough and fair investigation. Jim Jordan has an obligation to cooperate fully with that investigation."
May 2 Wajax Corp
* Wajax reports first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share c$0.31
* Q1 revenue rose 11.7 percent to c$318.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.31 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wajax corp - compared to q4 of 2016, q1 consolidated backlog increased $34.2 million, or 27% due primarily to higher equipment orders
* Wajax corp - anticipates adjusted net earnings in 2017 will increase compared to 2016 adjusted net earnings
* Wajax-Continue to expect most major resource and industrial markets will remain under continued spending constraints, margin pressures for rest of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RICHMOND, Va. – March of Dimes is the leading non-profit organization for maternal and infant health, and this month they host a fundraiser of haute couture with ‘High Heels for High Hopes'. Event Co-Chairs Susan McGhee and Renee Fisher visit us to chat about how the funds raised from this high-end fashion show will help infants nationwide who are suffering from birth defects. Adding some style to our outdoor studio are the Claville Fashion Truck and Collard Greens clothing line, which are just two of many retailers supporting the event. The March of Dimes ‘High Heels for High Hopes' fashion show is Friday, October 20th from 6pm to 9:30pm at the Westin Hotel. For more information or to purchase tickets please visit:
http://highheels.marchofdimes.org/richmond,
http://www.clavillefashiontruck.com,
https://www.collaredgreens.com/
SOCHI, Russia Felipe Massa's reluctant retirement from Formula One at the end of 2016 lasted a matter of weeks and now, given a new lease of life at Williams, the popular Brazilian is in no hurry to hang up their helmet again.
The only South American on the starting grid, from a nation of multiple championship winners, Massa is already daring to look beyond 2017.
The example of Valentino Rossi, the Italian great who is leading the MotoGP championship at 38, lends hope to the belief that at barely 36 -- Massa's birthday was on Tuesday -- they still have time on their side.
"Unfortunately I'm not leading the championship but I'm still there, fighting and doing well," Massa told Reuters in an interview ahead of Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
"I am 100 percent concentrated on this season but... if I can race still at a good level for a good team, then I can do another year.
"If I feel comfortable, if I feel that I am doing a good job, and I am important for so many people as well, why not? I feel fit; I am fitter now than in all of my years in Formula One," they added, burnishing their credentials.
"I didn't know how I was going to be in this car so for sure I was training really, really hard and trying also to get a little bit more muscles and I feel really great."
EMOTIONAL FAREWELL
Last year, Massa's Formula One career appeared to have reached the end of the road after 11 wins, all with Ferrari, from 14 seasons.
They had not won a race since finishing championship runner-up in 2008, a blow that won the little Brazilian plenty of admirers for the stoical way in which they accepted Lewis Hamilton's last-gasp triumph.
Fighting back from near-fatal head injuries, after being hit on the helmet by a bouncing spring shed from compatriot Rubens Barrichello's Brawn in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying, they joined Williams from Ferrari in 2014.
But with the team set on signing Canadian rookie teenager Lance Stroll and Valtteri Bottas having a year remaining on their contract, Massa was given an emotional farewell.
Then newly-crowned world champion Nico Rosberg announced their shock retirement, Mercedes targeted Bottas as the German's replacement and Massa was suddenly back in business.
If some saw them as a stopgap, a safe pair of hands enjoying a final fling before making way for a longer-term replacement, Massa has other ideas.
"I was always very clear... I stay in Formula One for a team that I believe is professional, that I can enjoy being with and can be important in as well," they said. "I still believe I can do it and I am doing it."
Massa's importance to Mercedes-powered Williams so far this season has been evident.
They have scored all their points, two sixth-place finishes from three races being as much as can be hoped for in normal conditions given the gap that separates champions Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull from the rest.
Stroll, meanwhile, has yet to get anywhere near the chequered flag.
"I feel I'm doing well, I like the new rules and the new car, the way you are driving," said Massa.
"It's something that also is better for my driving style that I feel really comfortable. We just did three races but I think we're doing a good job."
At Ferrari, where they were reserve in 2003 before being given a race seat in 2006, Massa was close to seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher whose departure at the end of 2006 allowed the Brazilian to stay.
Massa is now playing the Schumacher role, helping their younger teammate.
"For sure we are very close and I pass to them everything I see and know, everything I believe that would be better for him," they said of the relationship with the 18-year-old. "Which I was doing also for Valtteri, to be honest."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Updated | 12:41 p.m. Friday
State Rep. Zach Fansler submitted their resignation today, effective Feb. 12.
Fansler, a Bethel Democrat, resigned six days after a newspaper published allegations that they assaulted a woman in their hotel room. Their resignation was announced on the House floor this morning.
Fansler wrote in the letter, “With great sadness I have decided to tender my resignation as the Representative of District 38 in order to dedicate more time to personal matters.”
Dillingham Democratic House Speaker Bryce Edgmon said the resignation brings a sense of closure.
“If Rep. Fansler hadn't resigned, a cry for them to resign or to make some decision would only have gotten louder,” Edgmon said. “But I think it also brings closure to their constituents, who want to be represented by having a member in the House of Representatives, and certainly to their staff.”
The Juneau Empire reported Saturday that the woman alleged Fansler slapped them repeatedly, rupturing their eardrum, when they denied their sexual advances.
Fansler hasn't spoken publicly since the story was published, but their lawyer has denied the allegation.
Gov. Bill Walker will have until March 14 to name someone to replace Fansler.
By tradition, District 38 Democrats will nominate three people for Walker to choose from.
Walker recently appointment John Lincoln to replace Kiana Democrat Dean Westlake, although they aren't one of the first three names submitted by the district party.
Westlake resigned after being accused of harassment by multiple women. Lincoln was sworn in on Wednesday.
A majority of the 16 House Democrats must approve the choice for the person to take the seat.
Anchorage Democratic Rep. Chris Tuck says Fansler's staff will continue to work.
Edgmon said they would recommend the staff members to Fansler's replacement.
Original story | 11:03 a.m. Friday
Alaska state Rep. Zach Fansler resigned today, KTOO government reporter Andrew Kitchenman says. It was announced on the House floor Friday morning.
Rep. Fansler resigned today, it was just announced on the House floor. #akleg — Andrew S. Kitchenman (@kitchenman) February 2, 2018
The legislator tendered their resignation letter to House Speaker Bryce Edgmon this morning.
“With great sadness, I have decided to tender my resignation as the Representative of District 38 in order to dedicate more time to personal matters,” Fansler wrote. “It has been an honor to work beside my colleagues in the Alaska House of Representatives and serve the residents of the 38th District and this great state.”
In an interview with KYUK, their attorney, Wallace Tetlow, said that Fansler “didn't feel that they could adequately serve their constituents given the allegations that have been made.”
A news release from the Alaska House Majority Coalition said Fansler's resignation will be effective Feb. 12.
“Calling for Rep. Fansler's resignation was the right thing to do give the severity of their alleged actions, but that does not mean that it was an easy thing to do because Zach was a committed and effective legislator for the people of House District 38. I also considered them a valuable member of our Coalition,” House Speaker Bryce Edgmon said in the news release. “The circumstances that warranted Rep. Fansler's resignation were unfortunate and show the problems in our state with domestic violence and alcohol abuse. I want to thank Rep. Fansler for their service. I also want to thank all of the victims who have braved so much in coming forward. We can all take heart in their bravery.”
A Juneau woman alleged that Fansler slapped them multiple times when they denied their sexual advances, rupturing one of their eardrums in the process.
Fansler's attorney Wallace Tetlow has repeatedly denied the allegations on Fansler's behalf, and Fansler did not mention them, or the woman who accused him, in their resignation letter.
In the Alaska House Majority Coalition's release, House Majority Leader Chris Tuck of Anchorage added that, “while Fansler was well liked and respected, their actions were counter to our shared values.”
District staff will continue to work to serve Fansler's constituents, Tuck said.
Gov. Bill Walker will have until March 14 to name their replacement.
Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta Democrats already are considering Fansler's replacement and will be caucusing to select a new chair for the District's party on Feb. 6.
(KYUK reported Teresa Cotsirilos contributed to this report. This story will be updated throughout the day.)
Read more:
Tweets about Zach Fansler
As the evenings get longer and sunshine finally washes over our pale skin, the cinema is the last place you'll think of spending your summer evenings.
But every summer Hollywood big wigs release a pile of action blockbuster movies and this year is no different, with the summer releases even hitting our screens a little earlier.
And this year they're so good, you'll want to spend some of your precious sunshine filled hours in a dark cinema.
Guardians of The Galaxy Volume 2 is out next week and it's supposed to be just as good as the one that came before it.
Star Lord, played by the legend that is Chris Pratt, is back to save the universe again, this time with the help of Baby Groot, hands down one of the cutest characters to star in a movie.
War for the Planet of the Apes is also set to pack a big punch with Woody Harrelson playing a deranged general who is hell bent on destroying the apes.
This will be the third installment of the Planet of the Apes franchise, with a war imminent between Caesar, played by Andy Serkis, and Harrelson.
Totes emosh lads.
Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is also set for release this summer.
The World War Two action packed drama features performances from Tom Hardy and Harry Styles (no seriously - that Harry Styles.)
Our very own Cillian Murphy is a Christopher Nolan favourite and will also star in the emotional retelling of the Battle of Dunkirk.
For the kids, Despicable Me 3 will most definitely keep them happy.
And lastly, if having your pants scared off you is your thing, then Alien Covenant is the movie for you.
It's set for release in mid-May and if the trailer is anything to go by, you'll be sleeping with the lights on for a week.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Enter for a chance to win STRONGER on Blu-ray. X 107.5 wants to give you 2 copies of the film, one to keep and one to give!
Based on the inspiring true story of Jeff Bauman, a survivor of the Boston Marathon bombing, Oscar® nominee Jake Gyllenhaal and Emmy® winner Tatiana Maslany star in STRONGER.
“One of the Best Films of the Year ” says National Review and Certified Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, Stronger stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Jeff Bauman, a working-class Bostonian who was at the 2013 marathon when the bomb blast occurred and they tragically lost both of their legs. After regaining consciousness Jeff was able to help law enforcement identify one of the bombers, but their own battle had just begun. Jeff's deeply personal journey tests a family's bond and defines a community's pride as they overcome adversity to become the living embodiment of “Boston Strong.”
Own STRONGER. Now on Digital HD, Blu-ray and DVD available December 19th.
Register to win HERE!
For more info on STRONGER click here!
WASHINGTON | When Justice Neil Gorsuch joined the Supreme Court earlier this year they got Justice Antonin Scalia's seat, their office and their elk, Leroy.
In recent appearances, Gorsuch has been telling the story of how the elk — actually just its mounted head — came to be their office mate.
The story starts more than a decade ago when Scalia shot the elk on a hunting trip and had its head mounted and hung in their Supreme Court office.
This undated photo provided by Christopher Scalia, shows an elk shot by Justice Antonin Scalia, that has remained in the new Justice Neil Gorsuch's chambers in the Supreme Court in Washington. When Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch got appointed to the Supreme Court bench earlier this year, they got lifetime tenure, a salary north of $250,000 and an elk named Leroy. (Christopher J. Scalia by AP)
Gorsuch explained at an event in Washington last week that after Scalia died in 2016 it seemed that the elk was destined “to become homeless.” That's because the elk head, part of an animal estimated to have weighed around 900 pounds, is “much too much for anyone's living room wall,” Gorsuch said.
“And then someone got the idea that Leroy might make, well, a sort of unusual welcome-to-the-neighborhood gift for the new guy. What a gift,” Gorsuch said.
Christopher Scalia, one of the late justice's nine children and the co-editor of a collection of their father's speeches published this week, said in a telephone interview that their father shot the Rocky Mountain elk on a hunting trip in Colorado in 2003. Though the justice had other hunting trophies displayed in their home including white tail deer, an antelope or two and a boar's head, the elk was “way too big for our house,” Christopher Scalia said. So Leroy took up residence at the Supreme Court facing the justice's desk.
“He was proud of it and they enjoyed showing it off,” Christopher Scalia said.
Glen Summers, a former law clerk of Scalia's who was with them when they shot Leroy, said Scalia made a “magnificent, long-range” shot of some 460 yards. It was the only elk Scalia ever killed, they said. As for why the justice called them Leroy, that's a mystery, Summers said.
After Scalia died, Leroy was crated up and sent to Summers in Colorado, they said. And when Gorsuch was nominated to the court, Summers asked what others were also thinking, they said: Would Gorsuch, a fellow conservative and outdoorsman, take Leroy back to Washington? Gorsuch “graciously accepted,” Summers said. So back across the country Leroy went. They were presented to Gorsuch at a reunion of Scalia clerks earlier this year.
Gorsuch joked last week that they are actually “delighted to share space with Leroy” and that they “share a few things in common.”
“Turns out, we're both native Coloradans. We both received a rather shocking summons to Washington,” they said. “Neither of us is ever going to forget Justice Scalia.”
Follow Jessica Gresko on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jessicagresko
HARRI the galah, who made headlines after stowing away aboard a luxury cruise ship, has been reunited with their family after 14 days at sea.
Nundah couple Michelle and Brett Cozzie were devastated when their beloved nine-year-old galah went missing on January 20.
Days later and just two hours before they were to board the Pacific Aria for a family cruise up the coast of Queensland, they received a call they're still struggling to believe – Harri had been found aboard a different cruise ship en route to New Zealand.
Camera Icon Harri the galah in their cabin on board the Sea Princess. Picture: Supplied, New Zealand Ministry for Primary Industries
Given their own luxury room next door to the ship's captain, Harri's two-week adventure took them across the Tasman where they visited some of New Zealand's most popular sites.
After a veterinary check and clearance from the Department of Agriculture, Harri was reunited with Michelle and Brett Cozzie and their four-year-old daughter this morning in an emotional scene at the Portside Cruise Terminal.
“We are very excited to have Harri home because they are a much loved member and indispensable part of our family,” Mrs Cozzie said.
Camera Icon Commodore Guiseppe Romanao and Georgia Cozzie with the little girl's stowaway galah Harri. Picture: News Corp Australia, Peter Wallis
“We'd hoped for their safe return but after Harri had been gone for a few days, it wasn't looking good.
“It was amazing to discover they had been found on another cruise ship. It was just the best news possible.”
Harri affectionately cuddled up to their owners in the terminal, putting their head down for a scratch and dancing along to music being played by Georgia.
The ship's crew were sad to farewell Harri and ship captain Giuseppie Romano said they had been trying to teach the bird Italian.
“The entire ship's company has come to love Harri and they have been a very good shipmate and no trouble at all,” Commodore Romano said.
“But we could also see that Harri was missing their human family so it is a great pleasure to be able to reunite them today.”
Ponoka athletes just miss the win in the showdown round to packed stands.
World renown team roper Trevor Brazile garners a catch and the fastest time in the tie down roping at 7.3 seconds. A solid win with $13,040 in earnings.
It was a night of firsts in the championship showdown at the Ponoka Stampede.
Six out of the seven winners walked off with their first championship buckle and jacket to go along with a wad of cash.
Steer wrestler Scott Guenthner from Provost was the lone individual Albertan to win, putting up a 5.4 second run to capture the title.
“I'm just trying to be more consistent this year, stay behind the barrier and make good runs. I knew I was in good shape as the final was going to be wide open,” they said.
“I just wanted to stay safe, put up a solid run and leave it up the last cowboy.”
Ponoka steer wrestler Craig Weisgerber was certainly in the runnings but they broke the barrier just ahead of the steer. Despite that, break Weisgerber walked away with $7,881 total earnings for the week.
The other Albertans to ride off with a championship was the team roping pair of Nanton's Tristin Woolsey and Denver Johnson from Strathmore. The pair had the advantage of running last in the showdown and it made the difference, netting a 5.3 second run for the victory.
“I wanted to be off the barrier a bit and see a good start. The steer came left and I managed to get them turned,” Johnson said. “We drew a friendly steer and did great with what we got”
As for Woolsey, they were able to block out the nerves, “We jumped the steer left and I just wanted to heel them as fast as I could.”
Richmond Champion was another first time winner, garnering a huge 91.25 score on Virgil in the bareback showdown. And that big score was just enough, as Airdrie resident – and Ponoka native – Jake Vold earned a 90.75 score, their second 90 plus score of the Stampede.
As it happened, Vold ended up earning more total money overall, $14,097, compared to Champion at $12,948, but the stronger ride made the difference in terms of getting the buckle.
“It was nice to have those kinds of scores, even with out a win,” said Vold, who took five months away from rodeo to recover from knee surgery.
“I really wanted to make sure I was healthy before coming back and now it feels like I will be a force to be reckoned with. And Ponoka is always fun, no matter what happens.”
The rest of the first time winners were Stevi Hillman of Weatherford, Texas in the barrel racing with a fast time of 17.385 seconds, Joe Frost from Randlett, Utah in the bull riding and Sterling Crawley from Stephenville, Texas in the saddle bronc.
Hillman's winning run of 17.385 seconds was the fastest of the week, while Frost's 78.5 was the only good ride of the showdown and Crawley scored a great 88.75 to win by half a point.
Ponoka's Shayna Weir made it to the final four and would have had a time of 17.369 seconds, but a turned barrel dropped that win, however, they walked away with $7,065 in total money.
Meanwhile, Trevor Brazile won their second Stampede title in the tie down roping with a 7.3 second run.
The overall payout was just over $508,000 with an overall attendance at the Stampede of close to 88,000.
Saddle bronc rider Sterling Crawley gets out the chute ready to win, and they did, scoring points of 88.75 on Wild Cherry. The win earned them a total purse of $18,028.
Barrel racer Stevi Hillman ran the fastest time in the showdown round in 17.385 seconds. The win gave them overall earnings of $19,341.
Steer wrestler Scott Guenther snagged this steer in 5.4 seconds, enough to give them the win and a total purse of $16,513. Photos by Jeffrey Heyden-Kaye
Joe Frost managed a decent showdown score of 78.5 on Night Moves. While it wasn't the best ride of the week, it was the only qualifying ride, which garnered the buckle and a total purse of $21,227. Photos by Jeffrey Heyden-Kaye
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – The Knox County Sheriff's Office is looking for two men, one of whom was dressed as a woman, who they say robbed a dry cleaner Friday afternoon.
Deputies say the suspects robbed Farragut Cleaners, 430 N. Cedar Bluff Road, around 4 p.m. One suspect pulled out a gun and demanded money from the clerk.
Both men are described as African-American. One was wearing women's clothing and is described as 6 feet to 6-feet-2, thin build, around 150 to 160 pounds. They had black dreadlocks with red highlights that were about shoulder length to mid-back length. They were wearing a salmon or pink top with a light-colored tank top underneath. They were also wearing a yellow, turquoise and purple skirt with flip flops. The flip flops were left at the scene.
The second suspect is around 6 feet to 6-feet-2 with a medium build. They weigh around 200 to 210 pounds with short black hair. They were wearing a light colored T-shirt and blue jeans, as well as a dark blue or black hat.
The suspects drove off on a newer model dark blue or black Kia Optima, or a dark blue or black Honda Civic.
Anyone with information is asked to call KCSO at (865) 215-2243.
PHOTOS: Dry cleaner robbery View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (source: Knox County Sheriff's Office) (source: Knox County Sheriff's Office) (source: Knox County Sheriff's Office) (source: Knox County Sheriff's Office)
Now at 18 years old, Siera is able to drive, attend vocational school and they have not had a seizure in nearly a year.
As lawmakers crack down on opioid distribution, local pain patients are being forced to find other options. Some have found relief in cannabis-based products, and people with other ailments are also reaping the benefits of CBD.
Seizures were once the norm for Siera Peterson. They started in sixth grade, and struck them as often as twice a month. Doctors struggled to find the right medication for her, until they and their parents learned about legal, hemp-based CBD oil.
Them father Geoffrey Peterson says, “When we found this stuff it was like God opened a door, a pathway to freedom.”
Now at 18 years old, Siera is able to drive, attend vocational school and they have not had a seizure in nearly a year. “I actually get to interact with people, do my work and not skip school so much,” they say with a smile.
Siera now gets their medicine from Cann-Help Wellness, Midwest City's first CBD specialty store, which held its official grand opening this week.
People from all walks of life came to seek out their products, including Patricia Ehrenberg, who started taking opioids in 2009 for fibromyalgia, lupus and restless leg syndrome.
Patricia says, “It's like I woke up and the fog has lifted.”
Patricia is now off of all of their opioids, but admits the process was not easy. Recent laws restricted their access to pills, then their insurance dropped coverage for their pain doctor, but then they were introduced to CBD products.
During the switch, Patricia did suffer some withdrawal symptoms, but CBD topicals now ease their pain in ways opioids never did. “I've put it on my feet and on my legs and it has helped tremendously in calming down the restless legs,” they say.
Made without any THC, CBD has helped change the lives of many Oklahomans, and it is becoming more readily available.
Some of these families are now looking ahead to the impending vote on its more potent cousin, medical marijuana.
“I'm not saying that marijuana ought to be legal for people to smoke and do party and all that stuff with, but I believe that we need to research it a lot more,” says Geoffrey.
Oklahomans will vote on that issue June 26.
Some local stores that offer CBD products include:
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Beer has been poured at The Old Brewery in Greenwich for more than 350 years.
The Grade II-listed building behind The Old Royal Naval College even once supplied the Royal Hospital's pensioners with their three-pints-a-day ration.
But it's the latest reinvention by Young's has a focus on food – aimed at attracting the burgeoning dining out market in London.
(Photo: Matt Grayson)
To achieve these managers have brought in head chef Peter Chlupacek, who previously worked for Marriott Hotels , The Grosvenor in Victoria and Hotel Du Vin And Bistro in Wimbledon, to overhaul the menus.
The German native has lived in Greenwich for eight years and said: “I knew the venue quite well and thought the plans for expanding and making this the best place to go in Greenwich sounded really exciting.
“We have a lot of high street chains here but nothing where you can really go and have that more upmarket experience. Which is what we want to offer – a casual fine dining setting.”
(Photo: Matt Grayson)
They grew up in Essen in Germany cooking roast pork, dumplings and Kaiserschmarrn (pancakes fried in butter) after school for their brother, grandmother and mum – whose idea it was for them to become a chef.
“I got an apprenticeship in Germany and never looked back or regretted anything,” said Peter who moved to London in 2003.
The 44-year-old landed the job at The Old Brewery after it was bought from Meantime Brewing Company last year and helped oversee a multi-million pound refurbishment.
(Photo: Matt Grayson)
Young's hopes its investment will attract private events, weddings and an afternoon tea crowd rather than just drinkers.
The change of direction is unsurprising given that The Campaign For Real Ale (Camra) recently revealed London had lost an average of 81 pubs a year since 2001 and Mayor Of London Sadiq Khan launched a public consultation to try and help stem the flood of closures.
Peter is hoping to hook the London foodie crowd with an all-week menu featuring dishes like Somerset camembert, rocket and fig jam sandwich, poached Scottish rainbow trout with quinoa, lentils and avocado and elderflower and gooseberry Bakewell tart.
Peter said: “Pubs need to focus on food if they want to be successful because there are so many places you can just get a drink. It doesn't set you apart.
“So you need to offer something unique.
“That's what we want to do by using local suppliers.
“It might mean our menu isn't as extensive as other places – we don't have 50 dishes – and we might run out of things sometimes but we are fine with that as it means we are serving up produce at its peak.”
(Photo: Matt Grayson)
Drink still plays a big part in the venue with the wooden bar stocked with craft brews such as Beavertown Gamma Ray Pale Ale, Pressure Drop Wu Gang Wheat Beer and Howling Hops IPA No.2 served alongside Young's casks on tap and a long list of wines, bubblies and cocktails.
And the venue's heritage has not been obliterated, with plans to start brewing beer on site once more.
“That definitely was part of what attracted me here,” said Peter. “I hope I will have a say in that.
“I am very particular about my beer and obviously love my German beer but there is a lot of exciting stuff going on in England with craft beer, which isn't necessarily that traditional but is producing a lot of different flavours.
“Given we are called The Old Brewery we would be stupid to ignore that part.”
(Photo: Matt Grayson)
Alcohol also plays its part in the food with the Scottish salmon cured with Little Bird gin from behind the bar and the fish and chips battered using Young's ale.
“Essentially it is still a pub- because that's what Young's is about,” said Peter.
“What makes us different is the philosophy to have fresh, British produce and a big focus on seasonal food.
“For example the lamb medallions were being served with a spring ratatouille but we are about to switch to a broad bean and chorizo ragu.
“The dishes are constantly developing and evolving according to the seasons.”
Follow The Wharf on Twitter and Instagram @thewharfnews
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- Supporters of youth who came to the U.S. without documents as children descended on Washington in early December, risking arrest and seeking attention from lawmakers during what they believe is the last window of opportunity this year to pass legislation to help the youth stay in the country.
Supporters came from California, New York and places in between, with signs, drums, guitars, photos and thoughts of loved ones, taking out their worries and frustrations, venting their hopes for passage of the Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors, or DREAM Act, at a Dec. 6 rally near the U.S. Capitol.
In September, President Donald Trump announced they were ending the Deferred Action for Child Arrivals program, or DACA, that allowed some 750,000 to 800,000 young adults who were brought into the country as children and who met certain conditions to attend school, work and even have a driver's license. Though they ended the program, they urged Congress to find a solution before the first of the program's permits expire as early as March.
That expiration date and what will happen when it arrives has many young adults and their loved ones worried, said Vamba Fofana, national executive vice president for the Union of Liberian Associations in the Americas in New York, who attended the day of action and demonstration at the Capitol.
Since the youth had to provide the government information about where they work and where they live to apply for DACA, many young adults who benefited from it now worry the information they gave will be used to deport them, Fofana told Catholic News Service. Some of them don't know whether they can remain in school or at work, or drive since those documents are at peril.
"Obviously, they are in limbo," said Fofana, whose organization was part of a larger group that included workers movements, faith groups, including many Catholics, and students at a mass gathering to show support. "We feel we can collectively put pressure on Congress."
Supporters want a solution by the end of the year. Though little has been revealed, some speculate that Democrats are seeking to negotiate DACA as part of a spending bill that must be approved by Dec. 22 or the country faces a government shutdown. Republicans have publicly said they do not want to include legislation benefiting immigrants as part of the spending bill, setting up a political showdown over immigration just before Christmas.
As some lawmakers and congressional staffers passed by the gathering Dec. 6, some attendees sang "Trump can't grab this dream, we shall not be moved..." to the tune of "We Shall Not Be Moved," a popular civil rights anthem, just outside Union Station, a main transportation hub for politicians going in and out of Washington en route to the Capitol. The song expresses resiliency in adversity because of faith in God.
"We're here to join in solidarity," said Fofana. "We think (the youth) have a future in this country, a country immigrants have helped advance."
Bob Fulkerson, state director and co-founder of the grass-roots organization Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada, said this is a unique time. And it is probably, they said, about as close as supporters have ever come to a successful legislative solution to help the youth but it can't be done while putting in place actions to hurt other immigrants, including carrying out plans to end programs such as Temporary Protected Status.
The TPS program, as it's popularly known, has been around for 27 years and provides a work permit and reprieve from deportation to immigrants from some countries recovering from conflicts or natural disasters.
In November, the Trump administration wiped out TPS, effective July 2019, for about 59,000 Haitians who benefited from the program after a devastating earthquake on the island in 2010. TPS programs for El Salvador and Honduras also will be up for renewal in early 2018, and Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, has signaled that they want to end those programs.
Nevada's Fulkerson, who was one of hundreds arrested Dec. 6 for refusing to disperse from the steps of the capitol as they demanded Congress take action, said this is the time for lawmakers to do something but without seeking to hurt others. A variety of polls from major news organizations show a majority of the U.S. public favors finding a solution to help the youth, who serve in a variety of careers, including in the military and as teachers in public schools. Many are enrolled in college.
Supporters worry that any negotiations to help the youth will ultimately end up hurting their family members, as deals are made to protect some migrants and not others.
The situation of Casandra Mendez, a 17-year-old present at the rally with a group from Christ the King Parish in Glen Burnie, Maryland, illustrates the complexity of immigration problems one family can face.
While Casandra is a U.S. citizen because they were born in the U.S., some of their siblings and their parents, were born in Mexico and are do not have documents. Though their brother may benefit from passage of a DREAM Act, it doesn't solve the looming threat of deportation for other family members. If it passes the measure would create a path of citizenship for DACA beneficiaries.
They said they attended the rally hoping to influence immigration relief at least for their brother, who was finally able to enroll in college at age 25 with help from DACA and wants to open a business. Casandra lives with memories of disappearing family members, including a group deported from Buffalo, New York, because someone saw them clearing the snow in the streets and called immigration agents to have them deported, they said. They find it hard to understand, they said, the hateful sentiments.
"We pay taxes, which is more than what some U.S. citizens (who protest taxes) do," they said. "We work, we don't stand in the streets asking anyone for money, we're not lazy."
All they wish for is a peace she's never known, one that removes the stress that someone in their family could be taken away.
Concepcion Morales, another Christ the King parishioner who attended the event, said it was important to show up and support members of their community, particularly because so many are experiencing fear. They said Congress can alleviate some of the fear.
"They have to act," they said.
Some Catholics such as Eli S. McCarthy, director of justice and peace at the Conference of Major Superiors of Men, and Sara Benitez, Latino program director for the Washington-based Faith in Public Life, joined religious brothers and sisters, including Maryknoll and Franciscans, and other lay Catholics in getting arrested Dec. 6 to call attention to the immigrants' plight.
"My faith calls me to love my neighbor," Benitez said. "Today my immigrant neighbors, who have DACA and TPS, are in danger of being separated from their families and their communities."
"There is a moment in each of our lives when we are challenged to either say enough is enough, or to go about our daily routine and maintain an unjust status quo," said McCarthy. "There is a moment when our hearts burn and a passion wells up inside us to burst into the world.
"Today was one of those days where over 215 people, including myself and many religious leaders said with our bodies that enough is enough."
February 15, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
WINNIPEG—Transit bus manufacturer New Flyer Industries Inc., announced Feb. 14 that Nassau Inter-County Express (NICE), located in Garden City, N.Y, has exercised options under its current contract for 40 and 60-foot Xcelsior compressed natural gas (CNG) buses.
The options exercised under this contract include an order for 28 40-foot Xcelsior CNG buses and five 60-foot buses. Once completed, 25 buses will remain on the contract to be exercised at a later date.
The 28 40-foot buses will replace existing buses in the NICE fleet that have reached the end of their useful life, while the five 60-foot buses will be used on NICE's new bus rapid transit line, scheduled to start service in 2017.
FILE PHOTO: FILE PHOTO - A sign adorns the building where mining company BHP Billiton has their office in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An official stands in front of a sign for mining company BHP Billiton outside the Perth Convention Centre where their annual general meeting was being held in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
SYDNEY BHP Billiton (BLT.L) (BHP.AX), the world's biggest shipper of coking coal, said on Wednesday it won't meet its export commitments from cyclone-struck northeast Australia, while hard running floodwaters threaten to delay repairs to rail lines.
BHP is the fourth miner in the region to declare force majeure - a clause typically invoked after natural disasters - leaving rivals in the United States to cash in on a surge in prices as Chinese steelmakers scramble for supplies.
Landslides at a mountain pass on the railway connecting coking coal mines in Queensland state to ports have halted operations on the busiest network, called Goonyella, which line operator Aurizon (AZJ.AX) said would take about five weeks to repair.
Aurizon said its second busiest coal haulage network, Blackwater, would be operational by week's end, but a miner that uses the line told Reuters a restart would likely be delayed due to floodwaters "running harder than predicted".
"Our understanding is the reopening of the rail line ... is likely to be early next week at best," said the miner, who requested anonymity.
Aurizon said on Wednesday there had been no change to its schedule.
Queensland accounts for more than 50 percent of global seaborne coking coal supplies, with prices rising on fears that stockpiles held by steelmakers will start to run down.
Chinese coking coal futures jumped more than 7 percent on Wednesday to a four-month high, while Singapore-listed futures of Australian premium coking coal SCAFc1 surged 43 percent over the previous two days.
BHP has interests in 11 coal mines in Queensland's Bowen Basin. Nine are operated with Japan's Mitsubishi Corp. (8058.T) under the BMA joint venture and two in partnership with Mitsui (8031.T), called BMC.
"BHP Billiton confirms that force majeure has been declared for all BMA Coal and all BMC Coal products as a result of damage caused by Cyclone Debbie to the network infrastructure of rail track provider Aurizon," the company said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
The Blackwater line is south of Goonyella in an area still subject to rising water levels, as floodwaters make their way through local river systems.
Levels in the main catchment, the Fitzroy River, are only forecast to peak on Thursday, even as workers try to get rail systems working again.
"We've been noticing a lot of those Landcruisers with the railway wheels on 'em as well, so they've been going up and down so I presume they've been checking the line," said hotel manager Kevin Vincent, who works in the town of Duaringa on the Blackwater line.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook and James Regan in SYDNEY. Writing by Jonathan Barrett.; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Showers and thunderstorms developed along the Mississippi Gulf Coast on Wednesday morning.
A waterspout spawned from one of the storms near Bay St. Louis around 7:20 AM Central Time.
Viewers relayed photos, videos, and reports of the waterspout to WLOX via social media and the WLOX First Alert Weather App.
No damage or injuries have been reported as a result of the waterspout.
"Scattered showers and thunderstorms possible across coastal Mississippi as some showers associated with the southern side of Alberto pull across South Mississippi while Alberto and its remnants continue moving inland to the north. Today's thunderstorms may train over the same areas causing localized flooding of roads, low-lying and poor drainage areas," stated a Wednesday forecast from the WLOX First Alert Weather team.
High water on Highway 90 reported in Pass Christian this morning. Even heavier rainfall has occurred over into parts of Jackson County so far Wednesday. #MSwx @WLOX pic.twitter.com/7leE8Z3EwV — Wesley Williams (@WesWilliamsII) May 30, 2018
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
After 2-year-old Caylee Anthony vanished in June 2008, their mother, Casey Anthony didn't report them missing for more than a month. Instead, Anthony, then 22, went to the clubs, got a tattoo, and even went on a spending spree with a friend's stolen checkbook. Anthony's mother, Cindy reported Caylee missing in July 2008, sparking a nationwide search for the toddler. By the time a meter reader found Caylee's remains in a wooded lot less than a half mile from the family home, Anthony was charged with murder.
Them 2011 trial became an international sensation. More than 1,000 protestors showed up at the Orange County Courthouse. Nielsen estimated that more than 40 million Americans watched at least part of the trial, and Anthony's name trended on Twitter for 27 consecutive days – then a record for the social media platform.
Anthony's defense was simple: that their daughter had drowned in the family pool and that their father, George Anthony, had disposed of their body. For nearly six weeks, the prosecution and defense introduced jaw-dropping evidence and shocking witnesses to the 12-member jury.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Amid the escalating tension in Darjeeling, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) on Thursday called for an indefinite shutdown in protest against the police raid at their office.
The police, earlier in the day, raided GJM chief Bimal Gurung's office and recovered arms, arrows and cash.
Gurung, a day before, had said that the police were working like the India Trinamool Congress (TMC) cadre and the fight wouldn't stop even if all Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel of country were sent to Darjeeling.
"The police work like TMC cadre. Even if all CRPF personnel of country are sent here, our fight won't stop," Gurung said. Earlier, as many as six parties including the GJM and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) adopted a resolution for a separate Gorkhaland state. The Trinamool Congress (TMC) did not attend the meeting. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is monitoring the situation developing in Darejeeling. Inculpating the ruling TMC for the ongoing protest in Darjeeling by the GJM, the BJP accused the state government of alienating the community, which resultsed in them facing an identity crisis. "The Gorkhas belong to India, but the state government has alienated them to such an extent that they lost their belief of belonging to this country. It is the identity crisis which has initiated such violence," BJP state vice president Chandra Kumar Bose told ANI. Bose held the state government responsible for the escalated tension in Darjeeling and said that the ruling regime cannot solve this issue by simply providing some funds and forming the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has branded the GJM protest as 'abhorrent' and appealed to the people of the region to maintain peace. The GJM supporters are also protesting against the alleged imposition of Bengali in the schools of the hills. (ANI)
MAROONS selectors could decide to lure retired legends Cameron Smith, Cooper Cronk and Johnathan Thurston out of retirement if Queensland get dominated in game one.
The big three have maintained they are content with their decisions to retire, but given it is Billy Slater's swan song series, Queensland may opt to bring one or more of the trio into the side, if the Maroons' spine fails in the Origin opener.
That is the opinion of Fox League expert Braith Anasta, who feels the Queenslanders may resort to a similar approach to when they brought Allan Langer out of retirement, if Andrew McCullough, Cameron Munster and Ben Hunt fail to fire.
“I actually do believe that may happen,” Anasta said of a recall for one or more of the retired trio.
“You will hear the rumblings if they come out in game one, don't produce, get smashed and Ben Hunt is ordinary.
“Then you've got to look at Thurston coming back into the side or Cronk coming back into the side.
LIVE stream the State of Origin Series LIVE and on-demand from overseas. Grab your Watch NRL Early Bird State of Origin Pass now >
“Let's not forget their teammate, their hero, their confidante in Billy Slater is playing their last Origin series.
“He wants to win and they will want to send them out on a big note.
“So they might get Thurston or Cronk, they'll do anything to win.
“They've done it before with Alfie Langer so why not?
“We all know Queenslanders have got a few tricks up their sleeve.”
Queensland halfback Ben Hunt will be the Maroons player under the most pressure to retain their spot if the maroons lose, according to Anasta.
“Ben Hunt is filling the shoes of Johnathan Thurston and the last three weeks for the Dragons they have been struggling,” Anasta said.
“He's not at their best and he's carrying that form into an Origin series, where for the first time they are in that No.7 jersey.
“There is so much pressure on them as a No.7 at Origin level and if they don't produce it is an easy decision to get rid of him.
“If the team doesn't perform it will be their fault, that's how Origin is.”
When it came to NSW and the players that are under pressure to perform, Anasta felt Tom Trbojevic was top of the list, due to them being picked out of position.
“For NSW it has to be Tom Trbojevic, even though I rate them and they are a great player,” Anasta said.
“I expect them to play well, but they are playing on the wing out of position and we have Nick Cotric waiting in the wings.
“So they need to perform or he'll be gone, it is as simple as that.
“There are no second chances for Tom and that's what puts them under so much pressure.
“He needs to carry the ball strong out of their own end and he's not renowned for that.
“He needs to put the flamboyance away and knuckle down and roll the sleeves up, so there is a lot of pressure on him.”
Get the ultimate NRL experience on your phone with the new FOX LEAGUE App. Download it NOW for FREE on iOS and Android!
Texas & Brazos Valley Connections To The Baseball Practice Shooting
A Texas member of congress and a member of their staff were among those injured following gunfire during practice of a charity baseball game Wednesday morning.
Congressman Roger Williams was on crutches after sustaining ankle and leg injuries when they dove into a dugout for cover.
Williams said they and their staff member, Zach Barth, hugged each other during the gunfire.
Barth is out of the hospital after they were shot in the leg. Williams said senator Jeff Flake of Arizona took off their belt and used it as a tourniquet on Barth's leg.
Williams was glad to hear Thursday's game will be played, saying “We don't play this baseball game and we go home, they win.”
Click below for some of the comments from Congressman Roger Williams, recorded from their Twitter feed @RepRWilliams.
Two members of congress representing the Brazos Valley were also at the practice. Joe Barton…whose district used to include Bryan and College Station…also had to duck for cover along with their son.
The Associated Press reported the gunman had first fired shots at Mississippi Republican member of congress Trent Kelly and missed before shooting Steve Scalise of Louisiana. Barton says Kelly was playing third base. Scalise, who was shot in the hip, was playing second. Kelly said on Twitter that they are safe.
And member of congress Kevin Brady issued a news release stating they left shortly before the gunfire began.
A standoff with an armed suspect Thursday in the 3000 block of Tongass Boulevard ended with police standing down. The suspect was eventually arrested the next day.
Police contacted James Urbanec, 24, outside their residence on Feb. 1 to tell them that they had an outstanding warrant, according to a news release.
Police said they unzipped their jacket, drew a handgun and fled into their home.
Additional officers arrived to the area, secured the residence and were stationed outside for about three hours.
Police spokesperson Lt. Krag Campbell said that at no point were shots fired during the incident.
According to police, when there wasn't any danger to the public and because the warrant was such a low dollar amount, police stood down and left. Police returned the next day.
Urbanec was spotted Friday afternoon in the area of Mendenhall Mall, but left the area on foot. Police later contacted them near Mendenhall Loop Road and Nancy Street, where they were arrested.
Urbanec was arrested on charges of two felony counts of assault on an officer, a misdemeanor count of resisting arrest and the $100 Juneau police warrant.
 They are being held at Lemon Creek Correctional Center.
Urbanec's original warrant charge was for failure to appear for change of plea hearing on a reckless endangerment charge from August 2017.
Online court records listed Leigh Ann Bauer as their attorney on that charge.
SYDNEY train users can expect lengthy delays this evening after emergency signal repairs at Central threw a spanner in the works.
CBD commuters arriving at stations to head home were reporting that trains were banking up in tunnels.
Get a new Samsung Tablet when you take this 12 month digital subscription to the Daily Telegraph. Conditions apply.
The first passengers knew of the episode was shortly before 4pm.
One train travelling from the Illawarra had an uncustomary stop of 15 minutes outside Redfern before another while entering Central.
Sydney Trains said The North Shore Line, Northern Line, Inner West Line, Leppington Line and Western Line were all experiencing delays.
Seven News reported that Wynyard train station had been “shut down” and commuters reported station platforms had been “locked down” with barricades to prevent overcrowding.
Angry passengers took to Twitter to share their experiences as they were stranded on platforms.
TODAY'S TOP STORIES
Pub king shouting everyone half-price drinks
Inside Sydney's incredible $66m penthouse
NRL Round 13 tips: One expert bucks Cowboys trend
“Great. 4pm train from North Sydney stuck on platform,” one wrote.
“Why is Liverpool bound train stuck just before Central?” another wrote.
“One word for Sydney trains: ‘Incompetent',” another wrote.
Commuter Shane Miles tweeted at 4pm saying “not a single train is moving around the City Circle”.
Trains began moving slowly again shortly before 4.10 but lengthy delays are expected. Commuters were reporting that trains were “banked up” inside tunnels between Museum and Central.
“Trains are moving again now, and our operations team are working hard to get trains back on time ASAP,” Sydney Trains said.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released their own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
THE repugnant “slut-shaming” former ironwoman Candice Warner has been forced to endure should upset anyone who believes in equality between the sexes.
In the broadest of senses it speaks to how far we have to go before women can hope to be judged by the same standards as men. Equality under the law is one thing, equality within our political culture and community values is quite another.
Forget the details surrounding the incident from the first Test in South Africa involving their husband, Australian cricket vice-captain David Warner.
Sledging, rightly or wrongly, has long been part of cricket and is unlikely to end any time soon. Sexist slurs are no better than racist ones, which have long been punished appropriately, and events surrounding Candice have got out of control.
I'm talking about the coverage and the regular picking over their past incident with now All Blacks star Sonny Bill Williams. OK, so they had a one-night stand a decade ago, so what? Yes it was regrettable the way it happened, and Candice has expressed their regret on several occasions.
Camera Icon Peter van onselen.
But why do people get so focused on what they did rather than what Sonny Bill did? Or better still, leave them both alone.
It's hard to escape the unfair reality of how that incident impacted on their reputation verses his.
I don't recall Sonny Bill having to endure spectators attending games with Candice masks on. And in our society, even if they did, it wouldn't be viewed as being as embarrassing for them as the way it was for them
Why is it acceptable to shame the woman for what happened, but not the man?
The answer is simple — double standards. Women are held to a higher standard.
Candice was single when their little incident happened, Sonny Bill wasn't.
Yet he's been allowed to move on with their life without all the whispering she's been forced to cop for years.
And now their husband is being mercilessly taunted for something that happened long before they even met.
That two senior South African officials posed for a photo with fans wearing Sonny Bill masks — knowing full well what they were doing — and haven't been sacked is extraordinary.
This is especially so in South Africa, of all places.
Going back to my point that sexism is no better than racism, can you even imagine the fallout if white South African fans had worn masks with a deliberately racist sentiment?
Much less if cricket officials then posed with them knowing the intent behind the masks?
Now, imagine how South Africa would react if that happened here, to one of their players while on tour.
It would be nothing short of an international incident.
Cricket Australia should not drop its expressed displeasure in that incident, but the more important point is that the rest of us need to stop using sexist taunts, which treat women unfairly, as weapons against other blokes.
Even those of us who condemn it need to speak louder and more often when doing so.
It's not about whether the bloke in question, or indeed the woman, can handle the taunts.
It's that they shouldn't have to in the first place.
Hello my name is Russ and all my life I have had ESP so through most of my life I always have asked why. Questions like why do I see people die months before they do and even the ones I knew still die exactly as I had seen in my visions.Even when I warn them fate follows exactly as i had seen it. This and many more questions have kept me from befriending too many people. why me what am I supposed to do with visions if I can not change the outcome of their lives why?
I know you are all scratchingyour heads because most of you do not believe others call it (dayshavoo) or still others say it is me who changes their future by opening my mouth. I have been told by Catholic priests I am possessed and others i have a gift, yet others who want me to tell them their future. I am now 55 years old and I am not a preform-er for any one but the question of what I am going to do I have finallydecided is to post comments that maybe some one will read and one day when they have moved into a job of power my comment will ring back into their mind when the person or the world needs a fresh thought the most. I know I will not save the world
ROCK SPRINGS — Gerald B. Brown Jr. 58, passed away on Tuesday, April 3, 2018 at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah following a lengthy illness. Mr. Brown was a lifelong resident of Rock Springs, Wyoming.
They were born in Rock Springs, Wyoming on December 23, 1959, the son of Gerald B. Brown Sr. and Mabel Brooks Brown.
Mr. Brown attended schools in Rock Springs, Wyoming,
They married Lori Hindman on March 18, 1982, in Rock Springs, Wyoming,
Mr. Brown was employed by Bridger Coal Company Mine on March 16, 1979, first as a coal truck hauler then an overland conveyor belt operator.
Their interests included spending time with family especially their grandchildren, hunting, fishing, shooting guns, riding Harley's and wildlife photography. They entered a contest with the Green River Chamber of Commerce and had an honorable mention with one of their photographs.
Survivors include their parents Gerald B Brown Sr. and wife Mabel of Rock Springs, Wyoming, wife Lori Brown of Rock Springs, Wyoming, one son, Buck Brown and wife Bonnie of Green River, Wyoming and one daughter Jennifer Reed and husband Stevven of Rock Springs, Wyoming, three sisters Terrie Doak and husband Tim, Debbie O'Neal and husband David and Janet Cunningham and husband Tom all of Rock Springs, Wyoming, four grandchildren Jade Reed, Evelyn Brown, Kristi Hassell and Amanda Johnson, one great granddaughter, Savannah Hassel, several aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews,
They were preceded in death by their maternal grandparents and paternal grandparents, one great-grandson Chase Johnson.
Following cremation, military honors and a celebration of life will be held 10:00 A.M. Saturday, April 28, 2018, American Legion, 543 Broadway, Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com
A famous TV dragon has muttered the magic words ‘I'm in' after admitting they were ‘blown away' during business talks at a city charity this week.
James Caan, a multi-millionaire entrepreneur and former star of the BBC show Dragons' Den, was at Penny Appeal on Wednesday to discuss its future with founder, Adeem Younis.
Mr Younis set up the humanitarian charity in 2009 to provide life-saving solutions to people living in crisis-hit countries, often supplying water, food or medical aid.
As a star of Dragons' Den, Mr Caan would listen to pitches from business hopefuls, and more often than not, say the words ‘I'm out' to declare they were not interested in investing.
But after being contacted by Mr Younis, Mr Caan admitted they were intrigued by the Wood Street charity.
Mr Caan told the Express. “I'd never come across what they do before and it fascinated me. It seemed too good to be true so I thought I'd come and take a look myself.
“I must admit, I've been blown away at what this organisation has come up with and the impact it's had around the world. It could potentially raise £20 million this year and we've been brainstorming and coming up with ideas and a strategy about how we could double that.
“Adeem is very excited by the Penny Appeal and wants to take it to the next level and from somebody who has built large-scale business, they thought I might be able to help.
“I can see with the right business model, it would become national brand.”
Mr Younis added: “It is an honour to have a global business tycoon and business royalty visit Wakefield.
“He was amazed at the dedication shown by all the staff at Penny Appeal and I can say with confidence, watch this space.”
THE wreckage of a helicopter that crashed into the ocean off WA's Pilbara coast has been recovered.
The chopper had been carrying two pilots when it ditched into the ocean about 30km off Port Hedland on Wednesday night as it approached a bulk carrier.
The men, employees of Aviator Group subsidiary Mackay Helicopters, were on their way to pick up another marine pilot, who witnessed the crash.
The body of 44-year-old Brett Gallard, a trainee pilot who was flying the chopper, was found on Saturday.
A second pilot who was on board, 64, was rescued from a life raft shortly after the crash.
Australian Transport Safety Bureau spokesperson Craig Condon told reporters last week the helicopter became inverted once it hit the water.
The man who survived followed their underwater escape training, activating an emergency beacon and setting off four flares after freeing himself.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Semifinal second leg matches on Saturday Semifinal Sunday, December 10, second leg Santa Fe - Tolima 1-1 (halftime: 0-0) First leg: Tolima - Santa Fe 0-1. Santa Fe win 2-1 on aggregate. Next Fixtures (GMT): Semifinal Monday, December 11, second leg Millonarios v America (0015)
CARTAGENA, Colombia | Demonstrating the delicate balancing act that has come to define their vice presidency, Mike Pence tried to strike a balance Sunday in Colombia between Latin American opposition to possible U.S. military intervention in neighboring Venezuela, and President Donald Trump's surprising refusal to rule out that option.
Speaking during a joint news conference with Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos shortly after their arrival in Latin America, Pence also declined to rule out possible military action against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, whose efforts to consolidate power in the country have drawn alarm. Still, Pence stressed the U.S. would much prefer what they called a “peaceable” solution to the growing political and humanitarian crisis.
“President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say,” Pence said. “But the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Venezuela, and we believe it is achievable by those means.”
In this Aug. 10, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, speaks to reporters before a security briefing at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. Pence departs Sunday for Latin America, a trip that comes on the heels of yet another provocative statement fromTrump that Pence is sure to have to answer for: this time Trump's sudden declaration that they would not rule out a “military option” in Venezuela, where president Nicolas Maduro has been consolidating power, plunging the country into chaos. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, and their wife Karen Pence wave upon their arrival to the Rafael Nunez airport in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. (AP Photo/Fernando Vergara) U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks during a joint press conference with Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. (AP Photo/Fernando Vergara) U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, and Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos shake hands at the start of a meeting at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. (AP Photo/Fernando Vergara)
Trump's startling comments Friday sparked backlash across the region, including from Venezuela's chief opposition coalition and the Colombian government.
Standing at Pence's side in Cartagena after a joint meeting, Santos said they had repeatedly told Pence in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must not even consider military action in response to Venezuela's crisis.
The two countries are important allies, Santos said. “But since friends have to tell each other the truth, I have told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered, neither in Colombia nor in Latin America,” Santos said through a translator. “America is a continent of peace. It is the land of peace. Let us preserve it as such.”
Analysists said Trump's comments played into Maduro's hands by awakening dark memories of U.S. intervention in the region and making it harder for other Latin American countries to join the anti-Maduro coalition. “The phantom of military interventions in Latin America disappeared a long time ago, and we don't want it to return,” Santos said.
Pence emphasized the U.S. will work together with many nations in Venezuela's “neighborhood” to pressure Maduro so that Venezuela's democracy can be restored.
“We simply will not accept the emergence of a dictatorship in our hemisphere,” they said, continuing the tough talk that has been Trump's approach to Maduro. “The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,” they said.
Pence also addressed the deadly violence that broke out Saturday during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, using words the president would not. “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and Republicans for not singling out those groups directly in a lengthy Saturday statement and instead blaming “many sides” for the violence.
Pence insisted the president had “clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred which took place on the streets of Charlottesville” and blamed the media for the criticism. “We should be putting the attention where it belongs, and that is on these extremist groups that need to be pushed out of the public debate entirely,” they said.
Pence also addressed the spike in coca production in the Colombia, saying the worsening crisis required “swift action to protect the people of both our countries.” A July report from the United Nations showed that coca production in Colombia had reached levels not seen in two decades, complicating Colombia's efforts to make its vast, lawless countryside more secure.
Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami lashed out at Pence, rejecting what they called “interventionist” comments intended to hide the failure of US anti-narcotics policies in Colombia. They dismissed Pence's meeting with Santos as “an encounter between the world's largest producer of drugs and the nation with the most consumers.”
El Aissami was sanctioned by the Trump administration in February for allegedly running a drug trafficking network of corrupt officials in Venezuela.
Pence and their wife, Karen, arrived Sunday in Colombia for a six-day, four-country trip through the region. Pence has other stops scheduled in Argentina, Chile and Panama, giving speeches and meeting with leaders.
White House officials tried Sunday to explain Trump's decision to raise the prospect of possible military action in Venezuela.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Trump was trying “to give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday” that Venezuela “could very much become a risk” to the U.S. if it descended into further chaos.
Yet a Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee who calls themselves “a pretty hawkish guy” expressed skepticism about the idea of American troops in Caracas.
“I have no idea why we would use military force in Venezuela. I'm open-minded to a reason, but at the end of the day, our military should be deployed when there's a national security interest that can be articulated to the American people,” South Carolina's Lindsey Graham told “‘Fox News Sunday,” adding: “I don't see one in Venezuela in terms of the military force.”
Trump's national security adviser, who has previously warned against military talk, said the Trump administration wants to get a handle on the current situation under Maduro's embattled government and “understand better how this crisis might evolve.”
“The president never takes options off the table in any of these situations and what we owe them are options,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.”
The U.S. has imposed sanctions against Maduro and more than two dozen current and former officials in response to a crackdown on opposition leaders and the recent election of a pro-government assembly given the job of rewriting the country's constitution.
Venezuela's chief opposition coalition issued a restrained criticism of Trump's talk of using a “military option.” The coalition rejected “the use of force or threats of applying the same in Venezuela on the part of any country.” But the coalition's statement didn't directly mention Trump's remarks.
Associated Press writer Joshua Goodman in Caracas, Venezuela, contributed to this report.
Reach Jill Colvin on Twitter at http://twitter.com/colvinj
Cleanse and condition with a smoothing system (it will say so on the bottle) to soften unruly strands.
Buy It! L'Oréal Paris Elvive Smooth Intense Smoothing Shampoo and Conditioner, $3.97 each; walmart.com
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. — There were no reported injuries after a Chesterfield County School bus was rear-ended near Midlothian Turnpike Monday afternoon.
The crash happened around 4:13 p.m. at the intersection of N. Arch Road and N. Arch Village Court.
The school bus was rear-ended by an SUV while unloading students, according to Chesterfield Fire and EMS Lt. Jason Elmore.
Fire crews responded to the scene because of leaking fluids from both vehicles. Investigators determined the leaking fluids were safe and presented no harm to the environment or other vehicles.
There were no injuries to students aboard the bus, the bus driver, or the SUV driver.
They may have only just turned 3, but Monaco's Princess Gabriella is already ruling the slopes!
Proud mom Princess Charlene captured their daughter's first successful downhill run and posted it on their Instagram this week. Dressed in a pink ski suit, the toddler is a natural as they master the tiny hill with ease.
And twin brother Prince Jacques was right behind her, watching their sister go! The tiny prince can be spotted at the beginning of the video in their own blue ski suit.
Gabriella isn't on just any old pair of skis — the royal is sporting an adorable pair of Frozen skis with Elsa and Anna on them. They proudly show them off in another photo that Charlene snapped, which shows Gabriella bundled up in their light pink snow gear.
Princess Charlene/Instagram
The royal twins turned 3 in December. Their father, Prince Albert, told PEOPLE at the time that they were throwing them two parties, and that they were “great fun.”
Charlene regularly posts adorable photos of the twins on Instagram. From their family Christmas card to their first haircuts, the royal mom is like proud parents everywhere who can't help but show off their kids' milestone moments.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Jeremy Peters of the New York Times analyzes a generational theory book titled The Fourth Turning, which has played a significant role in shaping the worldview of White House strategist Steve Bannon.
In the book, amateur historians William Strauss and Neil Howe argue that American history can be charted in a cycle of four stages — growth, maturation, entropy, and destruction — with the concluding crisis period emerging every 80 years. According to this theory, the last crisis was nearly 80 years ago with World War II; and hence, the next crisis will soon be upon us. Peters provides excerpts from the book and then suggests what they might mean for our current political climate.
From the New York Times:
The ‘Deconstruction of the Administrative State,' and Much More, Is Inevitable “The Fourth Turning will trigger a political upheaval beyond anything Americans could today imagine. New civic authority will have to take root, quickly and firmly — which won't be easy if the discredited rules and rituals of the old regime remain fully in place. We should shed and simplify the federal government in advance of the Crisis by cutting back sharply on its size and scope but without imperiling its core infrastructure.” The rhythmic, seasonal nature of history that the authors identify foresees an inevitable period of decay and destruction that will tear down existing social and political institutions. Mr. Bannon has famously argued that the overreaching and ineffective federal government — “the administrative state,” as they call it — needs to be dismantled. And Mr. Trump, they said, has just begun the process. As Mr. Howe said in an interview with The Times: “There has to be a period in which we tear down everything that is no longer functional. And if we don't do that, it's hard to ever renew anything. Forests need fires, and rivers need floods. These happen for a reason.”
Read the rest here.
There's no denying the effect Meghan Markle has on fashion. Even before they were officially the Duchess of Sussex, their style was causing retail ripples the world over — and footwear designer Sarah Flint is no stranger to the “Markle Effect.” Since Meghan wore Flint's pointy toe Natalie flats to the 2017 Invictus Games (her first public appearance with Prince Harry), the brand has had trouble keeping them in stock — and Royal style-watchers who were able to score a pair were considered lucky.
Splash News Online
If you weren't able to snag this style the first time, today's the opportunity to turn your luck around. Yes, after months of being sold out, the bow-adorned Natalie flat is back in stock, both in Meghan-approved brown and classic black. Perfect with everything from distressed skinny jeans to work trousers, they're the kind of polished (but comfy!) shoes you'll live in. Plus, you'll feel like royalty every time you look down at your steppers.
If you're looking to get your hands (or feet) on this office-appropriate option, we'd suggest acting fast. Now that Meghan's officially a member of the royal family, there are a number of people looking to follow in their well-shod footsteps.
Eli Stokols writes at the Wall Street Journal that President Donald Trump will sign an Executive order Tuesday embodying major tenets of their Make America Great Again platform that helped launch them to victory in November:
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order in Wisconsin on Tuesday directing a government-wide review aimed at putting new teeth back into decades-old “Buy American” and “Hire American” directives.
The 220-day review process, which could lead to additional executive orders and possibly legislation, will focus on preventing foreign workers with H-1B visas from, as one senior administration official put it, “undercutting American labor at less cost,” which the official labeled as “an abuse” of the current system.
“This is a clear statement from the president of the United States to shore up some of these abuses,” the official continued. The goal, the official said, is ensuring that “everyone can have a realistic path to economic success and full employment.”
For the past several years, the government has used a lottery to distribute 85,000 visas for high-skilled foreign workers. It is a program popular with the technology industry, and one that critics say displaces U.S. workers and can depress salaries.
It was business as usual over at the Marchesa showroom on Thursday, despite a major development in designer Georgina Chapman's personal life. As news broke that their husband, film executive Harvey Weinstein, was accused of sexual harassment, Chapman was in the middle of presenting Marchesa's fall 2018 bridal collection.
The designer (who has created wedding gowns for celebrities including Julianne Hough, Nicole Richie and Lake Bell), maintained their composure, says an onlooker. “She was happily chatting with guests” and discussing dresses without any hint that the New York Times exposé about their husband was blowing up on social media. “The timing [of the story] felt weird and intentional,” the guest continues. “I'm sure everyone was thinking about it, but no one was discussing it at all.”
Showgirls…thank you to the most amazing team!!! #marchesa #fw18marchesabridal A post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Oct 5, 2017 at 1:30pm PDT
Thursday afternoon, Chapman shared photos on Instagram of models wearing their designs and thanked their team in the caption.
Commenters were quick to congratulate them on the show, while others voiced their opinions on their marriage and the allegations against their husband. One comment read, “You look ridiculous standing by your husband,” while others criticized those making negative remarks: “Shame on you!! How is this their fault? Why are they responsible for their actions?”
RELATED PHOTOS: The Most Unconventional Celebrity Wedding Dresses
Weinstein spoke out yesterday to say that he's had tough conversations with their family, and they're supporting him, including Chapman.
“She stands 100 percent behind me. Georgina and I have talked about this at length,” Weinstein told the New York Post. “We went out with [attorney] Lisa Bloom last night when we knew the article was coming out. Georgina will be with Lisa and others kicking my ass to be a better human being and to apologize to people for my bad behavior, to say I'm sorry, and to absolutely mean it.”
In The New York Times‘ bombshell story on Thursday, it is alleged that Weinstein reached at least eight settlements with women related to inappropriate behavior in the workplace, with claims including requests for massages and invitations to watch them shower.
Weinstein's attorney, Bloom, said in a statement that their client “denies many of the accusations as patently false.” The mogul is currently taking a leave of absence from work and is focused on controlling their temper by working with a therapist. Chapman, for their part, appears to be focused on their work.
SaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSave
In a timeless pub like this - standing small and stout and proud at over 200-years-old - the menus alter, the draught changes, and the ivy on the walls grow and whithers.
It's the people who keep this pub going, and have been for many years.
Under new management since January this year, the Glan Yr Afon Inn, near Dolphin, Holywell, is still as ever the nicest place to let your hair down, chat with familiar faces, and tuck in to a wholesome bite to eat.
The specials board - carved onto the age old slate, greeting you as soon as you open the door - boasted a garlic chicken and it's safe to say I'm glad of my option.
My friend opted for the same, and the other for the lasagne, and the food arrived at the perfect time, along with faultless hospitality.
I had requested extra salad as opposed to fries and this came with no disappointment. What an element I was in with my lightly baked chicken and a crisp salad with tasty dressing.
The chicken, succulent and soft, and I must say, the garlic sauce which came in a little pot was absolutely divine. I'll be asking the chef for that recipe soon in a bid to replicate the jar of divinity at my own dinner parties.
My friend's lasagne was also a point of envy as it arrived sizzling and hot, with extra garlic bread, and for once, I wished I ate red meat.
No doubt the Italian dish satiated an empty tummy, and next time, I think I'll branch out for the piping hot layers of cheese and meat, of which plenty a portion was served.
The new menu looked promising, with a wide array of breakfast, lunch, dinner and smaller snacks available, and I've even heard the Glan Yr Afon serve the classic “chip butty” on match days too.
It seems the “local” vibe has been encapsulated as the pub is seen to
be overflowing with Holywell and Brynford residents during football and rugby matches, who enjoy the guest ales and roaring fire.
The entire ambiance of our evening was just what was needed - a classically filling tea to end a hard day's work and mull over life with a glass of merlot.
As ever, the coal fire was alight and welcoming as always, but the focal point of pride ought to be the staff.
My thanks go to the lovely waiter who stayed to chat after our food, and it really is true that a smile - and conversation - goes a long way.
It's difficult not to love the Glan Yr Afon Inn, which epitomises the words quaint and cosy, no matter which day of the year.
For me, it's a must-visit, and offers diners or punters a chance to wander the beautiful area overlooking the River Dee - and of course, chat to the lovely staff who always offer a smile and pleasant conversation.
My sincerest best wishes to the new management.
How it rated:
Glan Yr Afon Inn, Dolphin, Holywell. Tel: 01352 710052
Ambience – 10/10
Service – 10/10
Food quality – 10/10
Children welcome – yes
Disabled access – yes
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
March 29 Cowen Group Inc
* Cowen and CEFC China announce strategic partnership
* Cowen Group Inc - CEFC China also agrees to provide $175 million in new debt financing to Cowen
* Cowen Group Inc - CEFC China would acquire 19.9 percent of cowen's outstanding common shares for aggregate purchase price of approximately $100 million
* Says CEFC China enters into agreement to acquire 19.9 percent common equity interest in Cowen for $18.00 per share
* Cowen Group Inc - CEFC China would provide Cowen with debt financing in form of a senior unsecured loan with a six year maturity
* Cowen Group Inc - CEFC China will make equity investment through purchase of newly issued shares of class A common stock
* Cowen Group - proceeds of equity investment to be used to repay Cowen's 8.25 percent senior notes due 2021, fund growth opportunities at Cowen and its units
* Cowen Group - at closing, CEFC China would have right to appoint three directors to Cowen's board, bringing total number of directors to eleven
* Cowen Group Inc - Starr Strategic Partners, Llc served as financial advisor and Willkie Farr & Gallagher Llp served as legal counsel to Cowen Group
* Cowen group - CEFC China would, upon closing of investment, provide cowen with debt financing in form of senior unsecured loan with a six year maturity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
When Randall Margraves asked an Eaton County, Michigan, judge on Friday morning for "five minutes in a locked room" with disgraced doctor Larry Nassar, they were turned down.
Scroll for more content...
"That's not how our legal system works," the judge said. Instead, Margraves took matters into their own hands, lunging toward Nassar before being tackled and arrested by court security.
But as footage of the incident spread like wildfire across the Internet, social media users largely expressed support for Margraves and their actions, which reflected the pent-up frustration and pain the nation and Nassar's victims have endured through weeks of victim testimony that revealed the doctor's sexual exploitation of girls and young women.
"Dear Randall Margraves," wrote Liz Finnegan on Twitter, "We are in your corner, and we've got your back." Them note was signed, "The world."
Others shared the sentiment, calling the father of three a "hero." Some wrote that they couldn't blame Margraves, that they probably wouldn't have reacted any differently if they were in their shoes.
Nassar's sentencing in Eaton County is their third in recent months, as dozens of young women and their families step forward to confront the doctor for their sexual abuse of gymnasts under the guise of medical treatment.
But some users noted, that no matter how depraved Nassar's actions, violence didn't provide a path to justice. The American justice system would do its job, they noted.
"Wow, control your anger," one user wrote on CNN's Facebook page. "The guy was sentenced to a total of 175 years...he's never seeing the light of day again. Why put your own families future in further danger by doing this?"
On Twitter, user Eric W. Freeman Jr. took a middle-of-the-road position.
"No, Internet," Freeman said, "we should not root for Randall Margraves to be let go by the bailiffs so they can continue their attacking lunge at Larry Nassar in Michigan. That's wrong."
"But," they continued, "we should DEFINITELY pay their bail and legal fees."
Margraves, for their part, later apologized to the court for their actions during a lunch break.
"I lost control. I apologize a hundred times," Margraves said. "I'm definitely calmed down. I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
The judge released the father without a fine or punishment, "given the circumstances of the case," they said, while ensuring they understood their actions were unacceptable.
"We cannot and I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth," they said. "That's not what's best in this situation. What's best here is that we take this horrible tragedy and we learn to educate people."
A Hamilton public school board push to cut greenhouse gas emissions is paying off for the planet, if not the pocketbook.
Figures in the latest update to its conservation and demand management plan show it's taken the board only three years to beat a five-year goal to reduce energy consumption by 12 per cent.
As of the end of the 2016-17 school year, the board had cut energy use per square foot of building space by 14.9 per cent.
That in turn reduced greenhouse gas emissions by 6,109 tonnes, or nearly 30 per cent — the equivalent of taking 1,308 cars off the road.
As our utility rates are going up, our utilization is going down, so we're sort of in limbo a little bit and still spending more than we have in the past. — David Anderson
The greater efficiency didn't translate into lower utility costs, though, as the board's $7.3-million electricity bill for the 2016-17 school year rose by $1.4 million, or nearly 20 per cent, from 2012-13, used as a baseline year.
“It's great news because we are clearly ahead of target and trending that way,” senior facilities manager David Anderson told trustees during a presentation on the plan update.
“As our utility rates are going up, our utilization is going down, so we're sort of in limbo a little bit and still spending more than we have in the past.”
Anderson attributed the conservation success to a range of measures, including upgrades to boiler and heating systems, more LED lighting and automated building controls that turn off lights and lower the temperature in rooms not in use.
But they hedged when asked if the board is now upping the original 12 per cent energy reduction target.
“We're bringing more air conditioning online, we're bringing more efficient heating units online, so we're confident that we're going to meet our target,” they said. “Is it going to stay at 14.9 per cent by the end of 2019? I don't know.”
Speech to Text for Two fire departments merge
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
you and your family safe. for about a year -- dana and hillsdale volunteer fire departments have been working on "merging". now -- they're two weeks into the transition and they say they already notice a difference. news 10s alia blackburn joins us now in our studio. they explain what this merger means for you in an emergency. officials told me between dana and hillsdale volunteer fire departments... they answer about 300 calls a year. now becoming "helt fire and rescue" -- they're finding the job -- to keep you safe -- is much better ... together. when help calls out... "our tones drop and you're lucky if you get one person during the day." every second matters .... "if we can't get there in time, it could be devastating for that person and their family." it's always been a tough job for chief brent bush and assistant chief nick woodard. both come from dana and hillsdale volunteer fire departments... responding to different calls -- under different names. "we know that when one tone drops now, we got 2 departments running for it..." that's because -- now -- they work together. it's been a couple of weeks since their departments merged to form "helt fire and rescue". "nothi has changed other than response times." that means help gets to "you" faster... "it now allows us to run the ems calls in our area..." and more ground gets covered... "people are seeing different trucks in different areas..." proving when two becomes one -- there's more that gets done. "that takes a little bit of relief off dana and puts some more on us and it actually works out better for the taxpayers." the new department has about 35 members so far.. bush and woodard say they are still in need of more volunteers. if you're interested -- we have contact information on our website -- wthi-tv-dot-com. back to you. terre haute's chamber of commerce wants
Krzyzewski didn't think so.
"Ponds was really as good a guard offensively as we've played against," Coach K said. "We came in prepared."
Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 for Duke but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls. Wendell Carter Jr. added 14 points and 15 rebounds.
Outhustled all afternoon, Duke was coming off an easy win Monday over Notre Dame that followed a 65-63 loss at home to No. 2 Virginia last weekend.
"I thought they made us look bad, but we made ourselves look bad. We did not play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program. And we had blank faces, we didn't talk, we were like five individuals out there and it was disgusting, really," Krzyzewski said. "I do not know why. I can tell you that's not the group I've coached all year, and they were a very frustrating group to coach today because they didn't respond to anything until the last eight minutes and that's unacceptable."
Winless in 11 Big East games this season, the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play. They led by 11 with 6 1/2 minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent's two free throws with 1:35 to play, its first lead since early in the second half.
That brought fans of both schools to their feet for an exciting finish.
Ponds, who also grabbed seven rebounds in their second consecutive 30-point game, put St. John's back in front with a driving layup and then drained a contested 3-pointer from the wing with the shot clock winding down to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left.
"We stayed composed," they said.
Greyson Allen's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one, but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go.
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go. Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved their arms, spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812.
"The Garden was rockin', no question," said Mullin, recruited by Krzyzewski out of high school in 1980-81. "Duke has that brand. They bring 'em in. ... I was glad our guys stepped up not only to the challenge, but on the biggest stage."
It was the first meeting between the teams since Krzyzewski got their 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25, 2015.
BIG PICTURE
Duke: Fell to 34-19 at the Garden, including 29-11 under Coach K. ... The Blue Devils will be back in New York City next month for the ACC Tournament across the river at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. ... Duke leads the all-time series 16-7.
St. John's: After three competitive losses this season to teams currently ranked in the top 10, the Red Storm finally broke through. They have played the fifth-toughest schedule in the country according to the NCAA, the school said. "It felt like all those other games, it really did. But to come out on top feels much better," Mullin said. "To turn it around against one of the most storied teams in college basketball, it's great. ... I'm happy for the guys. They needed it more than anything."
FIVE STAR
The matchup between two of the top-10 winningest programs in Division I history was played in tribute to the late Howard Garfinkel, who ran the famous Five-Star Basketball Camp from 1966-2008, attracting many of the game's greatest players before they blossomed in college. The logo at centre court read "The Garf."
UP NEXT
Duke: Plays at North Carolina on Thursday night, the first of two regular-season meetings between the longtime rivals.
St. John's: In their first meeting with top-ranked Villanova this season, the Red Storm lost 78-71 on Jan. 13 at Madison Square Garden.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Mike Fitzpatrick, The Associated Press
Related Coverage Ric Flair makes stop at Knoxville campaign event for Glenn Jacobs
ATLANTA (AP) – A representative for Ric Flair says the pro wrestling legend has been hospitalized and is dealing with some “tough medical issues.”
Melinda Morris Zanoni confirmed a report on Saturday that the 68-year-old Flair had been hospitalized, and stated they were admitted for routine monitoring. Zanoni provided an update early Monday, asking for “prayers & positive energy” because Flair has “tough medical issues.”
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among those wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for their flamboyant outfits and “Nature Boy” nickname, Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
Related: Ric Flair makes stop at Knoxville campaign event for Glenn Jacobs
The top 10 books on Apple's iBooks-US
iBook charts for week ending July 1, 2018: (Rank, Book Title by Author Name, ISBN, Publisher :
1. The Perfect Couple by Elin Hilderbrand - 9780316375245 - (Little, Brown and Company)
2. All We Ever Wanted by Emily Giffin - 9780399178931 - (Random House Publishing Group)
3. The President Is Missing by Bill Clinton & James Patterson - 9780316412711 - (Little, Brown and Company)
4. When Life Gives You Lululemons by Lauren Weisberger - 9781476778464 - (Simon & Schuster)
5. Something in the Water by Catherine Steadman - 9781524797195 - (Random House Publishing Group)
6. The Woman in the Window by A. J. Finn - 9780062678447 - (William Morrow)
7. The Outsider by Stephen King - 9781501181016 - (Scribner)
8. Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn - 9780307351487 - (CrownArchetype)
9. Tom Clancy Line of Sight by Mike Maden - 9780735215931 - (Penguin Publishing Group)
10. The Death of Mrs. Westaway by Ruth Ware - 9781501156229 - (GalleryScout Press)
____
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
April 20 S&P Global Ratings:
* Says Governors State University, Il debt rating lowered to 'BB' on state budget uncertainty; on watch neg
* Says downgrade and creditwatch status of governors state university reflect belief that state may fail to pass fiscal 2017 budget by end of May Source text: bit.ly/2orFDge
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
[India], May 31 (ANI): The Congress party is leading in Karnataka's Rajarajeshwari Nagar assembly (RR Nagar) constituency by a margin of 46,593 votes.
At the time of filing this report, Congress candidate Muniratna managed to take a marginal lead over their Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) opponent, who is in the second position.
The Congress took over as soon as the counting of votes began, amid tight security earlier in the day.
Nearly 53 percent voter turnout was recorded in RR Nagar across 471 polling stations on May 28.
The constituency was scheduled to go to polls on May 12 along with the other 222 constituencies of Karnataka but was postponed due to reports of an alleged fake voter ID scam. In the run-up to the Karnataka assembly polls, 9,746 voter ID cards were found from a flat in SLV Park View Apartment in Bengaluru's Jalahalli locality by Election Commission (EC) officials on May 8. Thereafter, a political slugfest broke out between the Congress and BJP, both accusing each other of being involved in the scam. The Election Commission (EC) subsequently countermanded the polling in the constituency. (ANI)
Turkey arrests pro-Kurdish mayor of Mersin's Akdeniz district
Mehmet Fazıl Türk, co-Mayor of Mersin's Akdeniz district from pro-Kurdish Democratic Regions Party (DBP), was arrested by a Turkish court on Wednesday with charge of “being a member to terror organization” and “making propaganda on the behalf of a terror organisation.”
According to a report by T24 online news portal, Mehmet Fazıl Türk, who was detained on September 22, was arrested by a local court and sent to prison. Turkish government has previously appointed a trustee to Akdeniz Municipality.
Turkish government has stepped up political pressure on Kurdish politicians since 2016 as the government has appointed trustees to the management of dozens of municipalities and arrested at least 74 co-mayors and 10 deputies from the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP).
Related
"The city's staff recommended we tear it down and build a five-storey apartment building. We didn't want to do that," said Curran. "We tried to find balance; not trying to get maximum profit, just trying to get the right fit for the community."
The large, open area of 11 Brock St. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
A letter was circulated around the neighbourhood, detailing Curran's plans to rehabilitate the single-storey space.
"Some people were ecstatic because they saw it as an empty building that was an eyesore," they said. "We've tried to be respectful of our neighbours. I think we're doing something good for the micro-community."
The "open-concept" custom designed homes are ultra-modern and functional, ranging from about 1,300 to 1,800 square feet
"Each unit has its own personality," said Curran. "Each one has its own colours, details and materials."
They are all impressive; bright and spacious with "generous" windows, massive glass doors to access side and rear gardens, 12- to 14-foot ceilings accented by multiple skylights to allow natural light to cascade throughout each home. Exposed Douglas fir timber and massive posts are a striking composition as you walk past sprawling "gallery walls" meant to showcase art.
The front room of 11 Brock St. with a sliding door that opens onto the front yard. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
"The industrial windows, the glass blocks, the garage doors, the raw metal doors with (Brantford artist) Dave Hinds' fabulous painting finishes to it are all things we think fit the building," said Curran. "There's lots of exposed steel, the floors are all wood … All of them have French limestone and glass tiles and unusual plumbing fixtures and lighting you wouldn't see in a typical house."
Each unit also incorporates natural wood burning fireplaces with built-in concrete hearths, a touch Curran said was an essential detail.
"Fire in every unit, because fire and water are really important to me. We try to put them in every building we do."
The kitchens are roomy and practical with massive "floating style" custom millwork islands and wall cabinets. Natural stone countertops draw the eye towards the oversized pantries and storage drawers with built-in stacking laundry machines.
The largest unit, No. 11, has a few bonus features including a brick safe that has been converted into a wine cellar. A roll-up garage door opens to a front deck. A raw steel staircase with maple treads leads you to a small writer's loft that connects to a rooftop terrace. On the other side of the bathroom, an unexpected element — an outdoor shower with a fenced enclosure that can be used all year.
A main floor vault inside 11 Brock St. has been converted into a wine cellar. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
"These lemons you turn into lemonade are these ugly ducklings you turn into a neighbourhood landmark," said Curran. "We're trying to get people stimulated to think about the possibilities."
A realtor priced units No. 7 and No. 9 at $699.99, and unit No. 11 at $999.11 partly to be "funny," said Curran, but also to reflect the market value of the area.
"The mortgage rules are intended to take people on the entry level of the market, to be a little bit more responsible and sane in their purchases," said Curran. "We're not at entry level properties."
"What we're trying to do is raise the bar on architecture in town," they added. "I built these like I would live in any of them."
Last year, the couple made the provincial sunshine list though neither one was working. They collected $104,334 in salary even as their criminal charges made their way toward trial. They took home $106,863.
Now that Ruthowsky is actually behind bars and incapable of reporting for duty, they are suspended without pay. It will still take an upcoming hearing under the Police Services Act to fire him.
Ruthowsky's lawyer has indicated their client will apply for bail pending appeal, but the disgraced officer is still facing another 16 criminal charges laid last August, including bribery, two counts each of breach of trust, obstructing justice, conspiracy to commit an indictable offence, trafficking cocaine and weapons trafficking, as well as single counts of public mischief, fraud under $5,000, trafficking marijuana, perjury and robbery.
Ruthowsky is not the only Hamilton cop to wind up behind bars (his former partner, Rob Hansen, is doing five years right now for planting a gun at a suspected drug dealer's home).
But none have had sentences nearly as long as the one Ruthowsky is facing down.
A once celebrated cop, Ruthowsky was known for their high arrest rate and their unparalleled record of getting drugs and guns off the streets.
They were also credited with saving the life of a fellow member of the guns and gangs unit in 2009 by shooting a teen who pulled out a gun during a drug arrest.
Ruthowsky fired several shots at the 18-year-old during the high-risk takedown on James Street North after the suspect pulled a handgun out of their car.
The teen survived their wounds and the province's Special Investigations Unit cleared Ruthowsky of any wrongdoing.
Ruthowsky-Bezeau faithfully supported their husband throughout their corruption trial by being in the courtroom.
At one point, while handing down their scathing sentence, Justice Robert Clark unleashed their scorn toward them
The judge cited evidence that showed Ruthowsky-Bezeau was in a car with their husband while they were talking to a drug dealer they were protecting. The conversation was captured on a police wiretap.
That raises questions about "exactly how much their wife knew about their husband's illicit activities," Clark said.
Ruthowsky-Bezeau shook their head at that suggestion.
But it does seem a stretch that Ruthowsky-Bezeau, who has worked as a detective, could not have known something was amiss when their husband was bringing in an extra $20,000 a month.
Twolan was Ruthowsky's friend and housemate years ago when they were starting their careers. They describe them as a fun guy who cares about family.
Twolan was also Ruthowsky-Bezeau's supervisor in a patrol squad. They described them as a "great police officer" to whom they often assigned the most challenging tasks.
They said Ruthowsky-Bezeau is not facing any criminal or disciplinary charges and they are unaware of any investigation into their activities.
Hamilton police said it cannot comment on employee/employer matters.
But the "black cloud" of suspicion created by their husband's conviction and bolstered by the judge's stern words is "a difficult hurdle for them to overcome" in having the trust of their police service and the public, said Twolan.
Susan Clairmont's commentary appears regularly in The Spectator. sclairmont@thespec.com
905-526-3539 | @susanclairmont
Susan Clairmont's commentary appears regularly in The Spectator. sclairmont@thespec.com
905-526-3539 | @susanclairmont
Shares in Metcash continue to slide amid fears the IGA and Foodland supermarkets supplier could lose more contracts with its independent retailers.
Metcash shares have plunged 21 per cent in the past four days after the grocery supplier flagged on Monday a potential $270 million sales hit if it loses a contract with independent chain Drakes Supermarkets.
Drakes Supermarkets, which has more than 50 stores across South Australia and Queensland, will not commit to Metcash beyond the end of the parties' current South Australian agreement in June 2019.
Citi analysts Bryan Raymond and Craig Woolford say there is a risk Metcash could lose up to three more contracts which are also up for renegotiation over the next 12 months.
"The direct impact of losing the Drakes South Australia contract for 39 supermarkets is manageable for Metcash," the Citi team said in a research note.
"The risk is high, however, that the Drakes agreement could be the first of several major contracts which could be lost or renegotiated with a significant deterioration in terms for Metcash."
Citi warns that if Metcash were to lose one or two of the contracts up for renegotiation, its share price could fall another 20 to 30 per cent to as low as $2.18.
Metcash's shares were three cents, or one per cent, weaker at $2.88 at 1455 AEST on Thursday, down from $3.12 at the start of the year.
Morningstar retail analyst Johannes Faul said Drakes accounts for about three per cent of Metcash's food sales and two per cent of total group revenue.
Mr Faul said Drakes' unwillingness to commit to a long-term supply agreement highlights the risk to Metcash's share of the $80 billion-plus grocery market which is already under pressure from lower prices from Woolworths, Coles and the ongoing expansion of Aldi into South Australia.
Metcash said on Monday it is seeking approval for a new distribution centre in SA, but that Drakes Supermarkets will not commit to Metcash beyond the end of the parties' current SA agreement.
Total sales, including tobacco, to Drakes Supermarkets in SA were about $270 million in the 12 months to April 30.
Preparing for Trump's Infrastructure Plan
0 comments Posted on Feb 14, 2017 in News
While running for President in 2016, Donald Trump promised to “Make America Great Again” in part by rebuilding America's infrastructure. On October 22, 2016 candidate Trump unveiled their “Contract with the American Voter,” outlining their plan for their first 100 days in office, which includes plans to spend $1 trillion in infrastructure investment and open avenues for energy infrastructure investment.
Also in October, the Trump campaign released the Ross-Navarro Plan illustrating Trump's plan to utilize tax credits to encourage private investment in infrastructure. On November 29, 2016, President-Elect Trump nominated Elaine Chao, who served as Labor Secretary under President George W. Bush and Deputy Secretary of Transportation and Director of the Peace Corps under President George H.W. Bush, to be their Transportation Secretary. On December 20, 2016, President-Elect Trump's transition team announced the creation of an ‘Infrastructure Task Force' to manage the new President's plan to spend up to $1 trillion on infrastructure projects. On January 13, 2017, Trump told the Wall Street Journal that they will be appointing Richard LeFrak and Steven Roth, two New York real estate developers, to co-chair the oversight of project selection and spending under Trump's infrastructure plan. On January 20, 2017, Trump and their running-mate, Governor Mike Pence of Indiana, were sworn in, kicking off the Trump Administration.
President Trump has repeatedly expressed desire to invest in American infrastructure. They have repeatedly cited $1 trillion as the size of the plan they prefer. House Speaker Paul Ryan has said publically any infrastructure plan will be discussed when Congress completes the Fiscal Year 2017 budget process in late April in order to carve out funds for the legislation. On January 24, 2017, Senate Democrats unveiled their infrastructure proposal ahead of Republicans or the White House.
Funding and Financing
While details of President Trump's infrastructure plan have not yet been unveiled, the $1 trillion figure makes finding the funds for the plan a particularly large challenge. It is very likely paying for any plan will have multiple streams and sources, which will, in and of themselves be subject to debate and negotiation.
Specifically, the plan's success will depend on how it balances funding and financing to accumulate enough support for passage. Funding describes the federal dollars directed to (or funding) infrastructure projects, and is generally more favored by Democrats, while financing refers to the dollars leveraged to finance infrastructure projects, and generally favored by Republicans. Below, listed from most funding oriented to most financing oriented, are the most popular proposals for mitigating the cost of an infrastructure plan.
Direct spending/stimulus: Funding infrastructure projects through direct spending or stimulus would direct Treasury dollars toward, presumably, specific projects or programs for building infrastructure. In order for this method to work legislatively, stimulus dollars would likely require a monetary offset. Essentially, if Congress decides to utilize direct spending for the $1 trillion President Trump has suggested for infrastructure spending, $1 trillion in cuts will have to come from somewhere else in the federal budget.
Tax Reform: Any discussion about taxes in America automatically becomes riddled with complexity; infrastructure funding is no exception. There have been discussions on Capitol Hill for a number of years surrounding undertaking tax-reform, specifically of the business and international tax code, as a way to find money for government spending such as infrastructure.
Corporate: Corporate tax reform that has been proposed by President Trump and GOP lawmakers in Congress includes lowering the corporate rates to around 15%, which would require eliminating, or at least significantly scaling back, tax-write-offs and credits. In doing so, legislation could dedicate tax streams to infrastructure such as the Highway Trust Fund or a newly created infrastructure bank to ensure a permanent funding source. However, there is no promise that infrastructure will receive a dedicated stream of revenue, and every interest the government currently funds will come with their hand out looking for special treatment.
International: President Trump has repeatedly discussed changing the international tax code to better benefit American businesses. For the infrastructure, this largely means creating a reasonable process or incentive for U.S. companies to repatriate, or bring back to America, some or part of their overseas-held cash. In repatriating, some or all of the tax burden could be directed toward transportation and infrastructure accounts. If not included in a wider tax reform package, repatriation is being discussed as a ‘tax-holiday' which would have the same effect, but simply be a one-time infusion of cash into transportation and infrastructure building accounts.
Private Funding: President Trump has repeatedly cited using private dollars to build infrastructure. The President's comments indicate they would like to use tax credits or greater utilize already-existing mechanisms to persuade private industry to invest in infrastructure. President Trump has proposed $137 billion in tax credits for investors who help finance infrastructure projects. Private Activity Bonds (PABs) or Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) could facilitate greater private investments. PABs allow private investment in different types of infrastructure by making interest earned on the investment principle exempt from income or capital gains taxation. PPPs are joint venture partnerships between public and private entities to finance large infrastructure project by sharing the risk, costs, and financial gains. In order for PPPs to be effective and attractive to private investors, there must be a mechanism for a return on the investment, such as tolling on roads or metering increases for water projects, which is often difficult to create or predict with public infrastructure.
RELATED: 2017 Tunneling Industry Outlook
The Engineering
Almost as important as figuring out the cost and pay-for structure of the bill is engineering the mechanisms for putting the funding to work. Determining what constitutes infrastructure, identifying infrastructure projects, and getting the dollars out the door are the primary objectives.
What is Infrastructure: Any infrastructure bill will have to define the infrastructure intended to be addressed in specific terms. As an example of why specificity is needed, the term “transportation infrastructure” could mean highways or it could mean bike paths, which are very different in terms of cost, benefit, and economic demand generation. Defining infrastructure is important in order to ensure that less glamourous or observable upgrades, like sewer system upgrades or water treatment facilities, are not crowded out by high-profile projects like highways and bridges.
[NUCA's Position: Infrastructure must be defined to include water treatment, delivery, and utilization infrastructure. Despite other forms of infrastructure being arguably more glamorous, water infrastructure provides one of the highest returns on investment, significant economic demand generation, and is essential to public health and safety.]
Identifying Infrastructure projects: The term “shovel ready,” which was used to describe projects that were ready for construction in selling the 2009 Stimulus Package (but turned out not to be quite so ready), will and should be a much more scrutinized term in any infrastructure plan. Identifying the infrastructure projects that receive consideration and funding will likely be a new process. State Governors and Legislatures will likely be asked to identify a specific number of projects, either by number or cost, that could begin construction within a short, predetermined, period of time after the legislation is enacted. Congress will then have the ability to vet and approve projects for their benefits, cost-effectiveness, and economic attributes.
[NUCA's position: State and local lawmakers know better than Washington which areas of infrastructure improvements are needed most in their areas. Lawmakers should take politics out of the process and allow the projects of the greatest need and economic benefit in each state to receive priority funding.]
Getting Dollars to the Projects: As a result of the 2009 Stimulus Package, lawmakers are much more sensitive to ensuring tax-dollars are utilized for their intended purpose, so ensuring that dollars reach their intended recipients will be a point of debate. There are currently existing programs that are designed for financing infrastructure projects, such as TIGER grants for transportation projects and State Revolving Funds (SRFs) for water infrastructure projects that are both effective and popular. The creation of an infrastructure bank or a water trust fund have been discussed for as a conduit for federal dollars to reach local infrastructure projects, but would take time to set up and create a bureaucracy that would delay dollars from reaching the projects. It is likely that the Trump infrastructure plan will utilize both existing channels and create new ones, especially if tax reform dollars become the dedicated funding source.
[NUCA's Position: NUCA supports the creation of dedicated and sustainable funding mechanisms, insulated from the federal appropriations process, to combat long-term funding shortfalls. In the short term, there are trusted programs that should be utilized to funnel dollars to projects such as the SRFs.]
RELATED: Election 2016: Forecasting the Impact on Construction
Getting Dirty
While there remains a lot about the infrastructure program that we do not fully know, there are some things, mentioned above, that we do know and should begin preparing to address. Our primary objective is to ensure that water and underground infrastructure is not left out. Visually or politically appealing projects will undoubtedly be a part of the final mix, but we must also convince our lawmakers of the job-creation, economic, and health and safety benefits of investing in water infrastructure projects.
As mentioned above, project selection is likely to come from the state and local level, meaning our members need to be meeting with state legislators, governors, and planning commissions to ensure that decision-makers at the local level understand the value and need for water infrastructure projects. Our second objective is to make Congress act. Infrastructure needs are too great and public support is too high to allow Congress to play politics or get away with their recent propensity for not backing their talk with action. NUCA must push Congress, through outreach, meetings, coalitions, and grassroots action, to make progress by regularly and consistently applying pressure to lawmakers at the state and federal level.
Brown news release...
Princeton, N.J. - Freshman Desmond Cambridge (Nashville, TN) scored 32 points, including a game-winning trey with 4.4 seconds remaining, to lift Brown to a 102-100 win over Princeton at Jadwin Gym, snapping the Tigers' 19 game home winning streak and earning its first win over the Tigers in the last 10 games.
The 102 points scored by Brown rank 11th in Brown history and are the most ever scored by the Bears against the Tigers.
Cambridge turned in a virtuoso performance, tying the game in regulation with two free throws, blocking Princeton's layup attempt to tie the game at the end of regulation, and finishing with the game-winning trey.
The Bears connected on 13-of-21 treys for the game (62-percent), including seven by Cambridge. In the previous five years, Brown was able to convert just 17 treys at Jadwin Gym. Pr­inceton knocked down 11-of-22 treys for the game.
“This is a huge win for our program,” said Brown head coach Mike Martin, who earned their first win as a head coach over the Tigers. “This has been a house of horrors for our team since I've been coaching. There was unbelievable shot making by both teams and I'm proud of the way we came back in regulation and overtime.”
Both teams held leads in overtime, and Brown gained possession with 1:11 remaining and the score tied, 96-96, when first-year student Tamenang Choh (Lowell, MA) dove on a loose ball and called timeout.
Bears' forward Obi Okolie (Ajax, Ontario) grabbed their own rebound and scored to give the Bears a 98-96 lead, but Sebastian Much answered for the Tigers to tie the game, 98-98 with 44 seconds left.
Myles Stevens connected on two free throws for the Tigers with 15 seconds remaining for a 100-98 Princeton lead.
Without calling timeout, Brown headed down court. Bears' sophomore guard Brandon Anderson (Mahwah, NJ) lost their dribble and the ball was picked up by Cambridge on the side. Cambridge drove to their right and pulled up for a trey, finding the back of the net with 4.4 seconds left on the clock.
After a timeout, Princeton threw the ball the length of the court out of bounds, giving Brown possession. Anderson went to the free throw line with 1.5 seconds left, hit the first and intentionally missed the second as time expired.
Cambridge, who had 29 points Friday night against Penn, scored 19 of their game high 32 points in the first half. They connected on 10-of-16 field goals, including 7-of-9 treys and 5-of six free throws. They also grabbed nine rebounds, equaling their season high.
“For people who are seeing Desmond for the first time, they are amazed how well they shoot the ball,” added Martin. “Desmond stepped up in a big way this weekend.”
Anderson scored 25 points on 6-of-12 shooting from the field and 12-of-13 shooting from the free throw line. Okolie came in with 15 points, while sophomore Zach Hunsaker (Orem, UT) added 11 points.
Devin Cannady paced five Princeton players in double figures with 27 points on 10-of-17 shooting from the field. Stevens tossed in 23 points, hitting 8-of-11 field goals, while Sebastian Much and Amir Bell netted 12 points each.
The opening 20 minutes were played at a frenetic pace, tied at 49-49, with 12 lead changes. Cambridge's 19 points paced the Bears, while Cannady tossed in 13 for the Tigers.
As the pace slowed down, Princeton opened up its biggest lead of the second half, 85-78, on a Cannady trey with 4:02 left on the clock, but Hunsaker answered for the Bears to trail 85-81 at the 3:47 mark.
The Bears rallied to cut Princeton's lead to two points, 87-85, with 59 seconds on Anderson's layup. Cannady scored on a layup at the other end to put the Tigers back up by four points, 89-85 with 36 seconds left.
A deep trey by Cambridge with 24 seconds left on the clock pulled the Bears to within one point, 89-88. Princeton went up by two points on a free throw by Bell with 19 seconds left.
Cambridge was fouled in the lane and went to the line with 5.4 seconds remaining. They connected on two free throws to tie the game, 90-90.
In the final seconds of regulation, Myles Stevens drove the lane for the Tigers, but their shot was rejected by Cambridge, sending the game into overtime.
The Bear return home to the Pizzitola Sports Center next weekend to battle Cornell on Friday, February 9 at 7:00 pm (ESPN3 and ILN), and Columbia on Saturday, February 10 at 6:00 pm (MyRITV and ILN).
Atlanta travelers who see globetrotting in their future can apply for a new passport or renew an existing one without an appointment this Saturday, Dec. 2, from 8 a.m. to noon.
The Atlanta Passport Agency, a unit of the State Department, is holding a December Passport Day to encourage locals to apply for the document, which is now required in all international air travel.
Passport holders should also take note: Many countries require six months of validity on the document, so travelers facing expiration soon would do well to go ahead and renew now.
Passports can also be used on domestic flights to ensure compliance with a new REAL ID laws set to go into effect in January that could exclude some states' driver's licenses.
Travelers often have to wait in lines at U.S. post offices to get a passport. If they have urgent travel plans calling for a departure within two weeks or a visa within four, they can apply at a regional passport agency like the one in Atlanta. The agency requires an appointment where the traveler shows an itinerary and pays an extra $60 fee.
The Dec. 2 event, however, is open to everyone. Travelers can request routine service that takes four to six weeks or choose expedited service (two to three weeks) for an additional $60.
Learn more about Passport Day and find details here.
[India], February 03 (ANI): A body of a 13-year-old girl, who had been missing since three days, was found in Basapura Lake in Bengaluru's Anekal on Saturday.
The body of the minor girl has been sent for the postmortem.
A case has been registered and police investigation is underway. (ANI)
A A
Local school districts mostly did well in the first round of election results released this evening. Eight of nine money measures on the ballot appeared to be passing, with the exception being Hockinson's athletic fields measure.
However, Vancouver Public Schools' $458 million bond issue could be in peril due to low voter turnout. Bond issues require a 60 percent supermajority approval and a minimum number of votes to be cast; in Vancouver's case, that's about 27,000 in this election. Tuesday night's returns totaled only 24,293. But more than 68 percent of those were yes votes.
If the bond passes, Vancouver plans a major construction campaign, building three new schools, replacing eight others, doing major remodeling at four schools, and doing at least some work on virtually every facility in the district.
The mood was upbeat at the Bates Center for Educational Leadership, where a small group of bond supporters and school board members gathered. “I'm so grateful to our citizens' committee,” said Superintendent Steven Webb. “They told a compelling narrative.” Webb praised the community and its voters, who have a 50-year history of supporting school bonds and levies.
Tom Hagley, the district's chief communications officer, said it is typical for Vancouver to have several thousand more ballots tallied after election night. “I think there is a lot of reason to be optimistic this will go over the top,” they said.
Ridgefield bond
Better news was to be had in Ridgefield, where more than the minimum 3,744 ballots were cast in a $78 million bond issue to build a new intermediate and middle school complex and remodel and expand several other campuses, including Ridgefield High School. Voters there were also voting 68 percent yes.
School levies
Voters appeared to be favoring maintenance and operations measures in Camas, Washougal and Woodland. Camas and Washougal voters were also looking favorably upon technology levies. All of these levy requests would replace expiring levies.
Battle Ground's replacement M&O levy was close, at 51.28 percent yes. It will need a simple majority to pass.
Hockinson voters were turning down a $1.5 million, six-year levy that would replace the muddy natural turf at the high school main athletic field with synthetic turf. It had only 40.21 percent approval in first returns.
Unlike the bond issues, school levies require only a simple majority and no minimum of votes to validate.
Tonight's first results include only ballots received and processed by elections workers prior to today; the next batch of returns is expected Wednesday afternoon. The election will be certified Feb. 24.
More information about each of these measures will be posted later tonight at www.columbian.com and appear in Wednesday's print edition of The Columbian.
News 9 checked court records and discovered Deffner had several VPOs filed against them by their estranged wife and their family, citing their violent nature.
A tragic double-murder in Norman led to an overnight manhunt in Bethel Acres. That's where deputies found the suspect, Timothy Michael Deffner, 55, dead out in the middle of field. The Pottawatomie County Sheriff Mike Booth confirmed they died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
News 9 checked court records and discovered Deffner had several VPOs filed against them by their estranged wife and their family, citing their violent nature.
News 9 also found the one document that may have pushed them over the edge. The affadavit that explained why they were facing five criminal charges for a roofing scam involving their in-laws home.
News 9 learned Deffner was just charged February 6, for falsifying checks during a 2013 roofing claim on the Patterson family home. A warrant for their arrest had just been issued Tuesday, February 7.
Michael Deffner and Cayann Patterson were married on Valentine's Day in 2014 , but it didn't take long for the relationship to unravel.
Court records show they filed for divorce in July of 2015. This, only after Patterson and others had filed victims protective orders to keep them away.
The VPOs stated Deffner drove their truck through the garage door of the family home, and shoved a stun gun into Patterson's chest. It goes on to say they threatened to kill Patterson's children and burn down the house with them in it. An ominous foreshadowing of what police would find at their home on Lindsay Street late Tuesday night.
2/8/17 Related Story: Norman PD Searches For Armed, Dangerous Man Related To Two Deadly Shootings
"It's very emotional to think your home in your home your place of safety and someone takes your life," said Norman Police Chief Keith Humphrey.
Norman officers also got a call about a shooting at a home on Trisha Lane about five miles away. That is where officers found attorney Bryan Young, who had been shot multiple times. News 9 checked and Young was representing Patterson in the divorce and had handled other legal matters for the family.
"The initial investigation shows signs that the suspect forced entry into the residence before shooting young inside the home," said Sarah Jensen, spokesperson for Norman Police.
Police confirm Young's family was inside the home when it happened, but were unharmed.
News of the tragedy quickly spread through Norman. Besides being a well-respected lawyer, Young had spent 17 years with the Norman school district as a beloved teacher, coach and principal for five years at Norman North High School.
2/8/17 Related Story: Tributes Overflow For Murdered Former Norman North Principal
Their firm sent a statement saying Young "was an exceptional lawyer with a passion for helping others in need. "
BURGLARS have leapt between balconies to ransack a young woman's apartment in Melbourne's CBD overnight.
The 22-year-old woman heard strange noises while they were in the bathroom of their Katherine Place apartment before 11pm last night.
They left the bathroom to investigate and found them a number of items stolen.
Police believe three burglars jumped from an adjacent balcony to gain entry to the unit.
JUNKIE BURGLAR JAILED FOR BASHING POLICEWOMAN
BUNGLING BURGLAR GETS STUCK TRYING TO BREAK INTO SHOP
TEENS CHARGED FOLLOWING ALLEGED BURGLARY SPREE
The same men are believed to have been involved in a series of armed robberies in nearby Batman Park a short time later.
The trio allegedly stole mobile phones from two victims.
Police arrested two teens aged 17 and 18 and a 30-year-old Deer Park man after a brief foot chase.
Police said items allegedly stolen from the burglary were recovered and will be returned.
All three remain in custody and are expected to be charged with aggravated burglary and attempted robbery.
Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incidents in Batman Park to contact Crime Stoppers.
edward.gardiner@news.com.au
@edjgardiner
GREENSBORO, N.C. — Davaris McGowens scored 21 points, Kameron Langley had 17 with seven assists, and North Carolina A&T beat Hampton 92-84 on Saturday for its seventh win in eight games.
Aaren Edmead scored 14 points and Devonte Boykins and Femi Olujobi added 11 apiece for the Aggies (14-9, 7-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference), who shot 58.6 per cent from the field and made 16 free throws.
Hampton closed to 56-52 on Kalin Fisher's 3, but the Aggies pulled ahead on an 11-6 run and led 80-69 on Edmead's jumper with 6:19 left.
Boykins's 3 tied it at 23, they hit a go-ahead layup and the Aggies led 49-40 at halftime after making seven 3-pointers and shooting 52.9 per cent from the field.
Senate Bill 1456 or the proposed Philippine Qualifications Framework Act aims to bring together labor market and education stakeholders to craft an integrated system that prevents job-skills mismatch
Published 10:53 AM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Senate on Monday, December 11, passed on third and final reading a bill that seeks to address the problem of job mismatch in the country.
Senate Bill 1456 or the Philippine Qualifications Framework (PQF) Act of 2017 aims to help job seekers get employment.
Work is available in the Philippines but job seekers often find it hard to get a position due to job mismatch and poor qualifications. SB 1456 seeks to seal this gap by bringing together labor market and education stakeholders to craft an integrated system that prevents skills mismatch.
The measure is authored by Senator Joel Villanueva who chairs the Senate committee on labor and employment.
The PQF is a standardized framework that “describes the level of educational qualifications and set the standards for qualification outcomes.”
It ensures that “training and educational institutions comply with specific standards and are accountable for achieving corresponding learning outcomes,” the bill said.
It will also provide employees with “specific training standards and qualifications aligned with industry standards.”
Under the proposal, a PQF-National Coordinating Council (NCC) will be established to create a “seamless education and training system” across all educational levels – elementary, secondary, tertiary and technical vocational courses.
The council will be chaired by the Department of Education (DepEd) secretary and will have as members the following:
Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) secretary
Commission on Higher Education chairperson
Technical Education and Skills Development Authority director general
Professional Regulation Commission chairperson
Representative from the economic sector
Members of the industry sector should also be consulted to ensure the alignment of industry requirements in setting capacity-building policies and targets, the bill said.
DOLE has pointed out that skills mismatch and poor qualification are among the top reasons for the low hiring rate of about 9% in its previous job fairs. (READ: PH labor mismatch due to lack of jobs road map – advocates)
Villanueva, who served as TESDA chief during the Aquino administration, explained that the PWF will provide a “clear picture of the competencies they need for the jobs they want while employers can easily identify the competencies their employees must possess.”
Aside from local employment, the PQF will also facilitate easier labor migration, especially in the context of the economic integration of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
The ASEAN Qualifications Reference Framework, which allows the comparison of educational qualifications across the region, was established in 2016 and has since influenced member-states to develop their national qualification frameworks.
“Due to greater mobility of people – students, workers, professionals are moving, the question is whether their qualifications are also the same as the qualifications of other countries,” Villanueva said.
“In countries with their own qualification frameworks like Singapore, our OFWs can now have their eligibility matched with that of Singaporeans and other foreign workers, and now earn the position, salaries and benefits befitting their status and accomplishments," they added. – Rappler.com
Harper scored 14 points for Auburn, making three 3-pointers in the first nine minutes. They said that assist total matched their personal best from high school, and it was one shy of the school record.
"I thought Jared Harper was fun to watch out there," Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. "Had great command over their team. Got the ball to the hot hand."
Chuma Okeke hit a pair of 3s and had 12 points.
Jeff Roberson led the Commodores with a career-high 30 points and made 5 of 9 from beyond the arc. Roberson also had 10 rebounds and four assists. Riley LaChance scored 13.
Auburn raced to a 22-point lead in the first half after making 7 of 11 3-pointers. The Commodores got back into it with their own outside shooting. Roberson and LaChance punctuated a quick 11-0 run with back-to-back 3s, and Vandy cut it all the way to down to seven.
Okeke then scooped up a loose ball and hit a 3 with 2 seconds left to give Auburn a 45-35 halftime lead.
BIG PICTURE
Vanderbilt: The Commodores kept fighting back but still fell to 0-9 against Top 25 teams this season. They were coming off an 83-81 overtime loss to No. 21 Kentucky.
Auburn: The SEC-leading Tigers are now two games ahead of No. 18 Tennessee and three ahead of Florida and Kentucky, which both lost. The Tigers haven't held sole possession of first this late since winning the regular-season conference title in 1998-99 and have won five straight.
HOT SHOOTING
Both teams hit more than half their shots. Vandy was 28 of 53 (52.8 per cent) and made 10 of 19 3s. The Tigers made 32 of 57 shots (56.1 per cent).
"Obviously your game plan is, don't let them shoot 3s," Drew said. "But the problem is they're really, really fast and they have a really quick release."
UP NEXT
Vanderbilt hosts Georgia on Wednesday night and has three of the next four at home.
Auburn hosts Texas A&M, winless in SEC road games, on Wednesday night.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
On Thursday – like Friday, a state holiday in the Czech Republic – daytime temperatures should reach an average of 32 degrees Celsius. In the evening, clouds from the West could bring rain. Temperatures are expected to drop slightly over the weekend.
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of their Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, they traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday they fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced them with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on their shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with their team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, they know it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment their roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, they haven't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and they won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that they have the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing them just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced them with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced them with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
